Viewed from afar , the CDC looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and thence into its component clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so .
viewed from afar , the cdc looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and thence into its [part] clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so .

They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality .
they bring an inextricable [part] of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality .

When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary .
when combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant [part] and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary .

If art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' .
if art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic [part] of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' .

Occupational choices are also useful -- and interesting -- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and aspirations .
occupational choices are also useful -- and interesting -- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only [part] in goals and aspirations .

Taxation of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property .
taxation of tangible movable property in rhode island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this [part] of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property .

For this , the Peace Corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation .
for this , the peace corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one [part] in our whole overseas operation .

Mr. Devey's new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of Sprague's Special Products Group , which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components , packaged component assemblies , and high temperature magnet wires .
mr. devey's new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of sprague's special products group , which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components , packaged [part] assemblies , and high temperature magnet wires .

In the discussion which follows , the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant component , and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the variable component .
in the discussion which follows , the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant [part] , and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the variable [part] .

From the brightness of the F component of the solar corona and the brightness of the zodiacal light , an estimate of the particle sizes , concentrations , and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane .
from the brightness of the f [part] of the solar corona and the brightness of the zodiacal light , an estimate of the particle sizes , concentrations , and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane .

Another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic component .
another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic [part] .

In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was begun on Sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until Feb. 18 , 1959 .
in an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic [part] , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was begun on sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until feb. 18 , 1959 .

The graph of f has at least one component whose support is the entire interval Aj .
the graph of f has at least one [part] whose support is the entire interval aj .

Then every component of the graph of F must be defined over a bounded sub-interval .
then every [part] of the graph of f must be defined over a bounded sub-interval .

Now Af and Af must both be tangent points on the T component in the f-plane ; ;
now af and af must both be tangent points on the t [part] in the f-plane ; ;

otherwise by Lemma 1 the component would extend beyond these points .
otherwise by lemma 1 the [part] would extend beyond these points .

We have shown that the graph of F contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,T} , and whose multiplicity is odd .
we have shown that the graph of f contains at least one [part] whose inverse is the entire interval {0,t} , and whose multiplicity is odd .

We must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the C-plane are on opposite sides of C .
we must now show that on some [part] of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the c-plane are on opposite sides of c .

For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .
for any pencil in a plane containing a af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional [part] to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .

Here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation .
here there is a specific preventive [part] which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation .

Of course , something of the same sort occurs with other sectors of the phonology : consonantal articulations have both a linguistic and an individual component .
of course , something of the same sort occurs with other sectors of the phonology : consonantal articulations have both a linguistic and an individual [part] .

But the farther out he moves , the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence , and the larger the speculative component in his inferences .
but the farther out he moves , the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence , and the larger the speculative [part] in his inferences .

It was possible , however , to decompose the compliance into a sum of a frequency-independent component and two viscoelastic mechanisms , each compatible with the Boltzmann superposition principle and with a consistent set of time-temperature equivalence factors .
it was possible , however , to decompose the compliance into a sum of a frequency-independent [part] and two viscoelastic mechanisms , each compatible with the boltzmann superposition principle and with a consistent set of time-temperature equivalence factors .

If the platform is not properly headed , the X-gyro input axis will see a component of the earth's rotation .
if the platform is not properly headed , the x-gyro input axis will see a [part] of the earth's rotation .

picket , and when they go out we all come back , reject work , such and such a component were missing , they sent us different components through
picket , and when they go out we all come back , reject work , such and such a [part] were missing , they sent us different components through

The glossy cover of the Labour manifesto shows the Union Jack and the break-up of its component parts into the separate flags for Scotland , Wales , etc .
the glossy cover of the labour manifesto shows the union jack and the break-up of its [part] parts into the separate flags for scotland , wales , etc .

Virtually every common disease has a genetic component , said Prof Brock and inherited factors may be more important in developing heart disease , for instance , than the more commonly quoted risk factors of poor diet , lack of exercise and smoking history .
virtually every common disease has a genetic [part] , said prof brock and inherited factors may be more important in developing heart disease , for instance , than the more commonly quoted risk factors of poor diet , lack of exercise and smoking history .

While the local authorities and health boards were the key agencies , housing was an essential component in community care planning .
while the local authorities and health boards were the key agencies , housing was an essential [part] in community care planning .

And the most productive had fewer managers and six times the training component of those at the bottom of the league .
and the most productive had fewer managers and six times the training [part] of those at the bottom of the league .

Because of the reduction in tax credits from 25 to 20 per cent , unit trust PEPs with a bond or gilt component are likely to have an enhanced yield .
because of the reduction in tax credits from 25 to 20 per cent , unit trust peps with a bond or gilt [part] are likely to have an enhanced yield .

These included the end of direct involvement in electronic component distribution , the termination of the Volvo distribution contract and the takeover of the Swan National Motor Group , which brought in more than 20 dealerships .
these included the end of direct involvement in electronic [part] distribution , the termination of the volvo distribution contract and the takeover of the swan national motor group , which brought in more than 20 dealerships .

The elongation factor 1α ( EF-1α ) is an essential component of the protein synthesis process in eukaryotes and archaebacteria .
the elongation factor 1α ( ef-1α ) is an essential [part] of the protein synthesis process in eukaryotes and archaebacteria .

Due to errors in determination of fragment lengths and similarities between lengths of fragments in different parts of a genome , this interpretation will be closer to the hybridisation with multiple- copy probes ( plus additional ‘ noise ’ from fragments containing the vector component of a clone ) .
due to errors in determination of fragment lengths and similarities between lengths of fragments in different parts of a genome , this interpretation will be closer to the hybridisation with multiple- copy probes ( plus additional ‘ noise ’ from fragments containing the vector [part] of a clone ) .

According to the Germans , leather will be an essential component of every stylish wardrobe next autumn .
according to the germans , leather will be an essential [part] of every stylish wardrobe next autumn .

Ivy is an essential component of the best woodland habitats in Britain and often provides the only available evergreen shelter in winter .
ivy is an essential [part] of the best woodland habitats in britain and often provides the only available evergreen shelter in winter .

But for all the strengths of its component halves , as an evening in the theatre ( even a short one ) The Banyan Tree seems severely misconceived .
but for all the strengths of its [part] halves , as an evening in the theatre ( even a short one ) the banyan tree seems severely misconceived .

Thus it will generally not be useful to restate raw figures in the text particularly since comparisons are a vital component of the exercise and these are best expressed as percentages or appropriate rates .
thus it will generally not be useful to restate raw figures in the text particularly since comparisons are a vital [part] of the exercise and these are best expressed as percentages or appropriate rates .

Migration is usually the least important component of population change .
migration is usually the least important [part] of population change .

The greatest error is likely to derive from the migration component .
the greatest error is likely to derive from the migration [part] .

If we find that the concordance is higher for Is than Ns , there could be a genetic component .
if we find that the concordance is higher for is than ns , there could be a genetic [part] .

In the case of diseases , the effect of any genetic component is more clear cut .
in the case of diseases , the effect of any genetic [part] is more clear cut .

Because the sample is so large , even the last of these shows evidence of a genetic component .
because the sample is so large , even the last of these shows evidence of a genetic [part] .

Finally , the state is fragmented , both in terms of political authority and the organizational form and logic of its component parts .
finally , the state is fragmented , both in terms of political authority and the organizational form and logic of its [part] parts .

Wages are a major component of costs for any individual capitalist and are the dominating one for the system as a whole .
wages are a major [part] of costs for any individual capitalist and are the dominating one for the system as a whole .

Alternatively , firms will pass on the ‘ excess ’ component of the settlement in higher prices , and real wages will rise by less than expected .
alternatively , firms will pass on the ‘ excess ’ [part] of the settlement in higher prices , and real wages will rise by less than expected .

The huge magnet strong enough to pull nails from walls , stop watches and erase credit cards is the scanner 's main component .
the huge magnet strong enough to pull nails from walls , stop watches and erase credit cards is the scanner 's main [part] .

At its most basic , that vital component is to confront all three problems together : simple , even self-evident , and yet so often ignored in a construction climate where the all-powerful big developers tend to be more interested in low-cost employment than low-cost housing and both central and local government treat each problem in not-so-splendid isolation .
at its most basic , that vital [part] is to confront all three problems together : simple , even self-evident , and yet so often ignored in a construction climate where the all-powerful big developers tend to be more interested in low-cost employment than low-cost housing and both central and local government treat each problem in not-so-splendid isolation .

The conventional hip replacement is designed in one piece it 's rigid and made in standard sizes.But the new design called the Oxford Universal Hip is made up of three components , each component is available in different sizes .
the conventional hip replacement is designed in one piece it 's rigid and made in standard sizes.but the new design called the oxford universal hip is made up of three components , each [part] is available in different sizes .

The first thing to do is to have a major component of the reading section to include dyslexia , with erm instruction of trainee teachers , not only in how to recognise the problem , but also how to do something about it , and how to use the education system to bring support for parents and pupils .
the first thing to do is to have a major [part] of the reading section to include dyslexia , with erm instruction of trainee teachers , not only in how to recognise the problem , but also how to do something about it , and how to use the education system to bring support for parents and pupils .

And if this er component were reduced then this would er give a considerable saving in a collective dose .
and if this er [part] were reduced then this would er give a considerable saving in a collective dose .

It turns out that the component in the venom of this snake that has such an effect binds to the muscle receptor on human muscle and other animals ' muscles , and it binds there much more tightly than the natural chemical transmitter , which is called estialcodine , thereby preventing the transmission of the nerve impulse to the muscle and gives the victim instant miocenia and presumably a nice meal for the snake in due time .
it turns out that the [part] in the venom of this snake that has such an effect binds to the muscle receptor on human muscle and other animals ' muscles , and it binds there much more tightly than the natural chemical transmitter , which is called estialcodine , thereby preventing the transmission of the nerve impulse to the muscle and gives the victim instant miocenia and presumably a nice meal for the snake in due time .

If there is a vehicle on risk with us and a piston ring breaks , regardless of the reason we coverage the breakage of a component and therefore we would we would cover the cost of the replacement rings and the labour to do so .
if there is a vehicle on risk with us and a piston ring breaks , regardless of the reason we coverage the breakage of a [part] and therefore we would we would cover the cost of the replacement rings and the labour to do so .

Most people seem to feel that stressed syllables are louder than unstressed ; in other words , loudness is a component of prominence .
most people seem to feel that stressed syllables are louder than unstressed ; in other words , loudness is a [part] of prominence .

Like the syllable , the tone-unit has a fairly clearly-defined internal structure , but the only component that has been mentioned so far is the tonic syllable .
like the syllable , the tone-unit has a fairly clearly-defined internal structure , but the only [part] that has been mentioned so far is the tonic syllable .

Each simple tone-unit has one and only one tonic syllable ; this means that the tonic syllable is an obligatory component of the tone-unit .
each simple tone-unit has one and only one tonic syllable ; this means that the tonic syllable is an obligatory [part] of the tone-unit .

The syllables ‘ in an ’ form a pre-head , which is the next component of the tone-unit to be introduced .
the syllables ‘ in an ’ form a pre-head , which is the next [part] of the tone-unit to be introduced .

One example of the prosodic component ‘ width of pitch range ’ has already been mentioned in 15.3 , when ‘ extra pitch height ’ was introduced , and the ‘ rhythmicality ’ discussed in 14.1 could be regarded as another prosodic component .
one example of the prosodic [part] ‘ width of pitch range ’ has already been mentioned in 15.3 , when ‘ extra pitch height ’ was introduced , and the ‘ rhythmicality ’ discussed in 14.1 could be regarded as another prosodic [part] .

Another component of intonation that can be said to have grammatical significance is the choice of tone on the tonic syllable .
another [part] of intonation that can be said to have grammatical significance is the choice of tone on the tonic syllable .

And Cromadex , which serves a 6,000-strong network of end-users , aims to target the multitude of component suppliers to the larger customers .
and cromadex , which serves a 6,000-strong network of end-users , aims to target the multitude of [part] suppliers to the larger customers .

No component of the French forces at Verdun was more conscious of the influence of the new commander than his ancient passion , the artillery .
no [part] of the french forces at verdun was more conscious of the influence of the new commander than his ancient passion , the artillery .

The problem with value measurements is that they necessarily have a price and quantity component and it is not always easy to separate the two .
the problem with value measurements is that they necessarily have a price and quantity [part] and it is not always easy to separate the two .

It can be seen from Table 2 in Chapter 17 that consumption spending accounted for over two-thirds of total expenditure in the United Kingdom in 1987 and consequently is a very important component of aggregate demand .
it can be seen from table 2 in chapter 17 that consumption spending accounted for over two-thirds of total expenditure in the united kingdom in 1987 and consequently is a very important [part] of aggregate demand .

This is a relatively small proportion , but investment fluctuates more than any other component of national income and these fluctuations generate changes in income through the multiplier .
this is a relatively small proportion , but investment fluctuates more than any other [part] of national income and these fluctuations generate changes in income through the multiplier .

Keyboarding skills are taught and word processing is a central component of the course .
keyboarding skills are taught and word processing is a central [part] of the course .

Sometimes helpful in determining the values of unknown circuit components are substitution and difference techniques in which the value indicated from the balance of the bridge with a standard component is compared with that when the unknown is connected on its own or in parallel or series with the standard , whichever is more suitable .
sometimes helpful in determining the values of unknown circuit components are substitution and difference techniques in which the value indicated from the balance of the bridge with a standard [part] is compared with that when the unknown is connected on its own or in parallel or series with the standard , whichever is more suitable .

It should be clear from the basic theory of chapter 5 that , to implement filtering , a circuit must include at least one reactive component .
it should be clear from the basic theory of chapter 5 that , to implement filtering , a circuit must include at least one reactive [part] .

What is more , should a component be varied to alter the phase shift , the attenuation also changes .
what is more , should a [part] be varied to alter the phase shift , the attenuation also changes .

Graphical determination of the steady-state response of a two-terminal nonlinear component to connection of a direct source has already been treated in section 3.10 where the concepts of load line and operating point were introduced .
graphical determination of the steady-state response of a two-terminal nonlinear [part] to connection of a direct source has already been treated in section 3.10 where the concepts of load line and operating point were introduced .

With a two-terminal nonlinear network rather than a two-terminal nonlinear component , the same procedure applies except that the relevant static characteristic is that of the network .
with a two-terminal nonlinear network rather than a two-terminal nonlinear [part] , the same procedure applies except that the relevant static characteristic is that of the network .

Such a signal can arise as a result of a nonsinusoidal input signal being applied or through the response of a nonlinear component to a sinusoidal signal .
such a signal can arise as a result of a nonsinusoidal input signal being applied or through the response of a nonlinear [part] to a sinusoidal signal .

Once the Fourier spectrum of a signal is known , the overall response of any linear circuit to it can be found readily by superposing the responses to each harmonic component .
once the fourier spectrum of a signal is known , the overall response of any linear circuit to it can be found readily by superposing the responses to each harmonic [part] .

In the former case When m = 0 , all integrals on the right-hand side except the first are zero and therefore This result just confirms , of course , that the steady component is the time average of the signal .
in the former case when m = 0 , all integrals on the right-hand side except the first are zero and therefore this result just confirms , of course , that the steady [part] is the time average of the signal .

Having obtained the appropriate transfer function , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive component .
having obtained the appropriate transfer function , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive [part] .

To discover how to find the component values of a synthesised high-pass filter , consider the particular case of a second-order type .
to discover how to find the [part] values of a synthesised high-pass filter , consider the particular case of a second-order type .

However , on some of the older machines , stocks of major component parts were not kept and had to be ordered from Italy ; hence the instances of four-weeks-plus deliveries of certain components that was highlighted on the television programme .
however , on some of the older machines , stocks of major [part] parts were not kept and had to be ordered from italy ; hence the instances of four-weeks-plus deliveries of certain components that was highlighted on the television programme .

One is to ensure that the licensing arrangement means the acceptance of certain component parts from the licensor and if there are problems in payment then components can be withheld .
one is to ensure that the licensing arrangement means the acceptance of certain [part] parts from the licensor and if there are problems in payment then components can be withheld .

The Getter is a component added to control out-gassing , but it is not 100 % effective .
the getter is a [part] added to control out-gassing , but it is not 100 % effective .

In the wild , fungi are part of the ‘ death and decay ’ complex whereby tissues of animal and plant origin are broken down biologically to their component nitrogenous and other chemical constituents .
in the wild , fungi are part of the ‘ death and decay ’ complex whereby tissues of animal and plant origin are broken down biologically to their [part] nitrogenous and other chemical constituents .

Components for the right channel have one hundred added to the component numbering , i.e .
components for the right channel have one hundred added to the [part] numbering , i.e .

The component layout and details of breaks required in the underside copper tracks is shown in Fig .
the [part] layout and details of breaks required in the underside copper tracks is shown in fig .

and the component layout and full size copper foil master pattern is shown in Fig .
and the [part] layout and full size copper foil master pattern is shown in fig .

4. printed circuit board component layout and full size copper foil master pattern .
4. printed circuit board [part] layout and full size copper foil master pattern .

In some cases this would not matter to much , however there could very well be serious implications of operating a component at a potential which is appreciably greater than its rated voltage .
in some cases this would not matter to much , however there could very well be serious implications of operating a [part] at a potential which is appreciably greater than its rated voltage .

The component ‘ shopping lists ’ assume the use of the Plugblock and a few short pieces of single-strand connecting wire to be used as link wires .
the [part] ‘ shopping lists ’ assume the use of the plugblock and a few short pieces of single-strand connecting wire to be used as link wires .

The plastic box used ( see parts list ) is also high enough to accept the highest component on the p.c.b .
the plastic box used ( see parts list ) is also high enough to accept the highest [part] on the p.c.b .

Using a light box enables you to superimpose electronic component arrangements onto copper track layout artwork so that you can design the p.c.b .
using a light box enables you to superimpose electronic [part] arrangements onto copper track layout artwork so that you can design the p.c.b .

on paper and see the copper tracks underneath through the component layout .
on paper and see the copper tracks underneath through the [part] layout .

Where a metric pitch part is used ( certain mains transformers , for instance ) , the 0.1″ grid taped to the light box will have to be ignored if the metric component is to fit the board correctly .
where a metric pitch part is used ( certain mains transformers , for instance ) , the 0.1″ grid taped to the light box will have to be ignored if the metric [part] is to fit the board correctly .

Component View
[part] view

When eventually the artwork has been drafted , you will finish up with a ‘ see-through ’ view of the copper track pattern , as seen through the board from the component side .
when eventually the artwork has been drafted , you will finish up with a ‘ see-through ’ view of the copper track pattern , as seen through the board from the [part] side .

The next thing to do whilst it is still taped to the light box is to draw up a component layout diagram , actual size .
the next thing to do whilst it is still taped to the light box is to draw up a [part] layout diagram , actual size .

At this stage , you will have drawn both the copper track layout and have separately superimposed the component layout onto it : you can now double check your work thoroughly .
at this stage , you will have drawn both the copper track layout and have separately superimposed the [part] layout onto it : you can now double check your work thoroughly .

When you have finished with the artwork , it can be stored in a stiff envelope or a file , along with the component layout diagram , so that it can be modified or re-used at a later date .
when you have finished with the artwork , it can be stored in a stiff envelope or a file , along with the [part] layout diagram , so that it can be modified or re-used at a later date .

Designing your own artwork starts by drafting a rough component layout diagram , referring to the circuit diagram and manufacturer 's data as required .
designing your own artwork starts by drafting a rough [part] layout diagram , referring to the circuit diagram and manufacturer 's data as required .

The view is actually equivalent to seeing the copper track pattern ‘ though ’ the board from the component side .
the view is actually equivalent to seeing the copper track pattern ‘ though ’ the board from the [part] side .

The artwork with the finalised component layout superimposed on it .
the artwork with the finalised [part] layout superimposed on it .

The 1:1 ( full size ) artwork positive of the underside copper foil master pattern and topside component layout is shown in Fig .
the 1:1 ( full size ) artwork positive of the underside copper foil master pattern and topside [part] layout is shown in fig .

Printed circuit board component layout and full size copper foil master pattern .
printed circuit board [part] layout and full size copper foil master pattern .

The component layout and full size copper foil pattern of the printed circuit board is shown in Fig .
the [part] layout and full size copper foil pattern of the printed circuit board is shown in fig .

Printed circuit board component layout and full size copper foil master pattern for the Cricket Game .
printed circuit board [part] layout and full size copper foil master pattern for the cricket game .

Topside component layout , details of underside track breaks and inter-strip links needed are shown in Fig .
topside [part] layout , details of underside track breaks and inter-strip links needed are shown in fig .

Stripboard component layout and details of breaks required in the underside copper tracks .
stripboard [part] layout and details of breaks required in the underside copper tracks .

First impressions are that he offered them a recipe of component parts from many different guitars and the result is a sort of nouvelle cuisine which leaves this weary plucker scratching his head .
first impressions are that he offered them a recipe of [part] parts from many different guitars and the result is a sort of nouvelle cuisine which leaves this weary plucker scratching his head .

There are two main approaches for deriving double stops : the first is chordal , where you break chords into their component intervals ; the second is scalic , where you break scales down into as many intervals as you can .
there are two main approaches for deriving double stops : the first is chordal , where you break chords into their [part] intervals ; the second is scalic , where you break scales down into as many intervals as you can .

If you break these chords down into some of their usable component intervals you find ideas such as those shown in figs 2–5 …
if you break these chords down into some of their usable [part] intervals you find ideas such as those shown in figs 2–5 …

It is an essential component of Labour 's historical role of organising the working-class in the interests of capital , to ride tandem with the Tories on the issue of The Family .
it is an essential [part] of labour 's historical role of organising the working-class in the interests of capital , to ride tandem with the tories on the issue of the family .

Component supply and stocking
[part] supply and stocking

Printed circuit board component layout , interwiring and full size copper foil master pattern for the Reverb .
printed circuit board [part] layout , interwiring and full size copper foil master pattern for the reverb .

Stripboard component layout and details of breaks required in the underside copper strips .
stripboard [part] layout and details of breaks required in the underside copper strips .

We do not expect any component buying problem to be encountered by constructors of the Vehicle Watchdog .
we do not expect any [part] buying problem to be encountered by constructors of the vehicle watchdog .

The printed board component layout and full size copper foil master pattern is shown in Fig .
the printed board [part] layout and full size copper foil master pattern is shown in fig .

The other side of the artwork would represent an X-Ray of the copper layout , seen from the component side of the board .
the other side of the artwork would represent an x-ray of the copper layout , seen from the [part] side of the board .

If an old project uses any component that is eve slightly out of the ordinary it would be advisable to check that it is still available before starting to buy the components .
if an old project uses any [part] that is eve slightly out of the ordinary it would be advisable to check that it is still available before starting to buy the components .

Also , bear in mind that the components removed from circuit boards are likely to have very short leadouts that might prevent them from fitting into the component layouts of your projects .
also , bear in mind that the components removed from circuit boards are likely to have very short leadouts that might prevent them from fitting into the [part] layouts of your projects .

Surplus component boards etc .
surplus [part] boards etc .

These usually contain something along the lines of ten of each value for a particular type of component .
these usually contain something along the lines of ten of each value for a particular type of [part] .

Initially at any rate , it is best to choose packs that contain the types of component which can be found in practically every project .
initially at any rate , it is best to choose packs that contain the types of [part] which can be found in practically every project .

Other types of component which definitely merit the pack treatment are radial electrolytic capacitors , ceramic capacitors , polyester capacitors , and miniature horizontal preset resistors .
other types of [part] which definitely merit the pack treatment are radial electrolytic capacitors , ceramic capacitors , polyester capacitors , and miniature horizontal preset resistors .

Each compartment can be used to hold a particular type of component over a limited range of values .
each compartment can be used to hold a particular type of [part] over a limited range of values .

Small plastic chests of draws are ideal for component storage .
small plastic chests of draws are ideal for [part] storage .

, as well as in any of the larger electronic component catalogues .
, as well as in any of the larger electronic [part] catalogues .

From the same sources you can also obtain compartment boxes , and trays made from transparent plastic , both of which are ideal for component storage .
from the same sources you can also obtain compartment boxes , and trays made from transparent plastic , both of which are ideal for [part] storage .

The component layout and full size copper foil master pattern is shown in Fig 5 .
the [part] layout and full size copper foil master pattern is shown in fig 5 .

Printed circuit board component layout and full size copper foil master pattern for the Tie Pulser .
printed circuit board [part] layout and full size copper foil master pattern for the tie pulser .

Because of interaction , component values can not be determined by a simple ‘ rule of thumb ’ and it is necessary to equate the response in terms of impedances with that in terms of time constants .
because of interaction , [part] values can not be determined by a simple ‘ rule of thumb ’ and it is necessary to equate the response in terms of impedances with that in terms of time constants .

The component ratios are shown in Fig 3 .
the [part] ratios are shown in fig 3 .

Full size copper foil master pattern and circuit board topside component layout .
full size copper foil master pattern and circuit board topside [part] layout .

Green plants have the marvellous capacity to harness the sun 's energy by means of their chlorophyll ( the substance which gives them their green colour ) to split the water molecule into its component elements , hydrogen and oxygen .
green plants have the marvellous capacity to harness the sun 's energy by means of their chlorophyll ( the substance which gives them their green colour ) to split the water molecule into its [part] elements , hydrogen and oxygen .

This is logical also on the grounds that the remedies were proved as the single remedy and not as mixtures , and mixtures of remedies may have effects which are different from those of their component parts .
this is logical also on the grounds that the remedies were proved as the single remedy and not as mixtures , and mixtures of remedies may have effects which are different from those of their [part] parts .

The food we eat is broken down by means of a series of enzymes in the mouth , stomach and small intestine to its simple component molecules which can then be absorbed into the bloodstream .
the food we eat is broken down by means of a series of enzymes in the mouth , stomach and small intestine to its simple [part] molecules which can then be absorbed into the bloodstream .

For this reason in the processing of vegetable oils , both in the extraction process and in the production of items such as margarine , food manufacturers like to convert as much of the cis fatty acid component as possible to the trans form .
for this reason in the processing of vegetable oils , both in the extraction process and in the production of items such as margarine , food manufacturers like to convert as much of the cis fatty acid [part] as possible to the trans form .

Adults bring a wealth of life experience to the learning situation and such experience can be a vital component in the educational encounter .
adults bring a wealth of life experience to the learning situation and such experience can be a vital [part] in the educational encounter .

And the latest move could lead to a further 1,500 jobs going among component suppliers .
and the latest move could lead to a further 1,500 jobs going among [part] suppliers .

Boots and shoes normally consist of three basic component parts — an upper , a midsole and a sole unit , although there are variations on the theme .
boots and shoes normally consist of three basic [part] parts — an upper , a midsole and a sole unit , although there are variations on the theme .

Perhaps one day it will be realised by all that when Wales struggle every component of Welsh rugby is liable to struggle too .
perhaps one day it will be realised by all that when wales struggle every [part] of welsh rugby is liable to struggle too .

An important ideological component of these arguments has been the illegality ( and immorality ) of basing the defence of the West on the threat of Mutual Assured Destruction .
an important ideological [part] of these arguments has been the illegality ( and immorality ) of basing the defence of the west on the threat of mutual assured destruction .

Moreover , as Steven Lukes has persuasively argued , the idea of autonomy ( of which conscientious reflection is a crucial component ) is also intimately related to the idea of equal respect for persons .
moreover , as steven lukes has persuasively argued , the idea of autonomy ( of which conscientious reflection is a crucial [part] ) is also intimately related to the idea of equal respect for persons .

It is especially prized because carbon , its major component , is by far the most important of all plant nutrients .
it is especially prized because carbon , its major [part] , is by far the most important of all plant nutrients .

The problem is that the research does not allow us to distinguish the relative usefulness of the different interventions or their component parts .
the problem is that the research does not allow us to distinguish the relative usefulness of the different interventions or their [part] parts .

The liability of each person is assumed to be determined by the independent contribution of a major locus ( g ) ( a locus that causes a displacement of more than one phenotypic standard deviation between normal and abnormal genotypes on the liability scale ) ; a multifactorial component ( c ) , attributable in theory to a large number of genetic or environmental influences , or both , acting additively and transmitted from parents to their children ; and a random , non-transmitted environmental factor ( e ) .
the liability of each person is assumed to be determined by the independent contribution of a major locus ( g ) ( a locus that causes a displacement of more than one phenotypic standard deviation between normal and abnormal genotypes on the liability scale ) ; a multifactorial [part] ( c ) , attributable in theory to a large number of genetic or environmental influences , or both , acting additively and transmitted from parents to their children ; and a random , non-transmitted environmental factor ( e ) .

When a particularly difficult and obscure accident occurs , the aircraft manufacturer may suspect the possibility of the failure of a particular component , and acting in a responsible manner and with the highest possible motives may circulate to all operators of that type of aircraft a design for modifying the component just in case it was the one that failed .
when a particularly difficult and obscure accident occurs , the aircraft manufacturer may suspect the possibility of the failure of a particular [part] , and acting in a responsible manner and with the highest possible motives may circulate to all operators of that type of aircraft a design for modifying the [part] just in case it was the one that failed .

The Warsaw Convention , with all its amendments , protocols and variations , seeks to limit the liability of international air carriers to a specific sum of money while acknowledging the air carrier ( airline ) as the only party liable ; that is to say aircraft manufacturers , component manufacturers , pilots , engineers , air traffic controllers and governments who operate airports and navigation services are excluded from all liability unless negligence can be proved .
the warsaw convention , with all its amendments , protocols and variations , seeks to limit the liability of international air carriers to a specific sum of money while acknowledging the air carrier ( airline ) as the only party liable ; that is to say aircraft manufacturers , [part] manufacturers , pilots , engineers , air traffic controllers and governments who operate airports and navigation services are excluded from all liability unless negligence can be proved .

If the incident reflects badly on the operating practices of pilots , engineers or airlines — for instance , if a dangerous situation arises because the pilots failed to use their check list at the appropriate time or a supervisory engineer fails to double check the work of a mechanic on an important component such as a primary unit in the flying controls — it is unlikely that the matter is going to be reported voluntarily in view of the inevitable consequences of disciplinary action on the part of management or at the very least a ‘ black mark ’ against the offender which will be likely to prejudice his career .
if the incident reflects badly on the operating practices of pilots , engineers or airlines — for instance , if a dangerous situation arises because the pilots failed to use their check list at the appropriate time or a supervisory engineer fails to double check the work of a mechanic on an important [part] such as a primary unit in the flying controls — it is unlikely that the matter is going to be reported voluntarily in view of the inevitable consequences of disciplinary action on the part of management or at the very least a ‘ black mark ’ against the offender which will be likely to prejudice his career .

The flight safety officials receive reports from their own flight crews and engineering staff , and keep checks on operational irregularities and monitor the investigations of all the flight safety incidents such as engine shut-downs in flight , selection of emergency systems , component failure in flight and procedural shortcomings .
the flight safety officials receive reports from their own flight crews and engineering staff , and keep checks on operational irregularities and monitor the investigations of all the flight safety incidents such as engine shut-downs in flight , selection of emergency systems , [part] failure in flight and procedural shortcomings .

Investment in the process change was a major component of the overall Solaris development budget .
investment in the process change was a major [part] of the overall solaris development budget .

However , it is where the emotional component predominates that psychiatrists have traditionally labelled the illness ‘ affective ’ , rather than ‘ schizophrenic ’ .
however , it is where the emotional [part] predominates that psychiatrists have traditionally labelled the illness ‘ affective ’ , rather than ‘ schizophrenic ’ .

The people and Government of Mexico take pride in supporting what came to be known as ‘ The Declaration Of Stockholm , ’ a key component of which called for declaring the 5th June World Environment Day .
the people and government of mexico take pride in supporting what came to be known as ‘ the declaration of stockholm , ’ a key [part] of which called for declaring the 5th june world environment day .

Much dependence in old age has a major physical component ; many old people need help in walking , bathing , feedings , dressing and so on .
much dependence in old age has a major physical [part] ; many old people need help in walking , bathing , feedings , dressing and so on .

Unacceptable practices which have an abusive component , such as tying old people to commodes , are much more likely to arise when there are insufficient numbers of staff to complete the ascribed tasks .
unacceptable practices which have an abusive [part] , such as tying old people to commodes , are much more likely to arise when there are insufficient numbers of staff to complete the ascribed tasks .

So , starting with the driver as pilot , a car was designed and built around the most important component .
so , starting with the driver as pilot , a car was designed and built around the most important [part] .

Apart from the obvious lift produced by the rotors , which are revolving wings , there is another lift component produced by the rotor disc when moving forwards through the air ( like a sort of flat , circular , wing ) .
apart from the obvious lift produced by the rotors , which are revolving wings , there is another lift [part] produced by the rotor disc when moving forwards through the air ( like a sort of flat , circular , wing ) .

This applies a sideways lift component which starts the model turning and you must immediately apply tail rotor ( rudder ) to make the fuselage follow the turn .
this applies a sideways lift [part] which starts the model turning and you must immediately apply tail rotor ( rudder ) to make the fuselage follow the turn .

Once the machine starts to move , there will be a loss of lift due to the sideways component being used to produce the movement and more power will be required .
once the machine starts to move , there will be a loss of lift due to the sideways [part] being used to produce the movement and more power will be required .

And , for all the trials of the Tory years , a healthy critical tradition has been maintained : a tradition to which Perry Anderson and New Left Review have notably contributed , both as component and critic .
and , for all the trials of the tory years , a healthy critical tradition has been maintained : a tradition to which perry anderson and new left review have notably contributed , both as [part] and critic .

All said they particularly valued the ‘ binge diaries ’ and the educational component .
all said they particularly valued the ‘ binge diaries ’ and the educational [part] .

Brian 's list of positive aspects reflects the value for the patient of being able to maintain and maximise residual ability and is particularly important as a component of a rehabilitative programme .
brian 's list of positive aspects reflects the value for the patient of being able to maintain and maximise residual ability and is particularly important as a [part] of a rehabilitative programme .

Every single component , Dr Barnard had said with the full concurrence of his military colleagues at Fort Halstead — the copper wires , their plastic covering , the Semtex , the pulse-receiver , the battery , the brass and the leather stitching — was of Soviet manufacture .
every single [part] , dr barnard had said with the full concurrence of his military colleagues at fort halstead — the copper wires , their plastic covering , the semtex , the pulse-receiver , the battery , the brass and the leather stitching — was of soviet manufacture .

So my profession , which has always been mixed up in politics , becomes an essential component of nationalism .
so my profession , which has always been mixed up in politics , becomes an essential [part] of nationalism .

Therefore , not only were the more skilled elements of the tasks robotised first to save the wages of the more highly paid skilled labour , but by using robots management could be more certain that a critical weld on a critical component was being done to specification .
therefore , not only were the more skilled elements of the tasks robotised first to save the wages of the more highly paid skilled labour , but by using robots management could be more certain that a critical weld on a critical [part] was being done to specification .

Contrary to one popular view , it is not the case that at the Kalmar plant each group of workers builds up a complete car from a box of component parts .
contrary to one popular view , it is not the case that at the kalmar plant each group of workers builds up a complete car from a box of [part] parts .

, a headwind component of 14.2 knots
, a headwind [part] of 14.2 knots

, a tailwind component of 7.0 knots
, a tailwind [part] of 7.0 knots

, a headwind component of 17.9 knots
, a headwind [part] of 17.9 knots

, a headwind component of 10.1 knots
, a headwind [part] of 10.1 knots

Leading edges , the critical component for aerobatic kite stability , call for 125cm to 175cm ( 50 to 69in ) , preferably in one length to avoid joiners .
leading edges , the critical [part] for aerobatic kite stability , call for 125cm to 175cm ( 50 to 69in ) , preferably in one length to avoid joiners .

This rudimentary check is for a static condition ; it has no consideration for the disposition of the surface area of the sail , or the lifting component of any separated sails , as in a Box kite or Roller .
this rudimentary check is for a static condition ; it has no consideration for the disposition of the surface area of the sail , or the lifting [part] of any separated sails , as in a box kite or roller .

It is , in its way , the flyer 's own symbolic wand of happiness , and we should never dismiss it as just another necessary component .
it is , in its way , the flyer 's own symbolic wand of happiness , and we should never dismiss it as just another necessary [part] .

Since the kite has a lift component to enable it to accelerate at certain positions around the hemisphere it also has what is known as an ‘ apparent wind ’ and it is this which sustains the motion within the flight envelope .
since the kite has a lift [part] to enable it to accelerate at certain positions around the hemisphere it also has what is known as an ‘ apparent wind ’ and it is this which sustains the motion within the flight envelope .

We mentioned the ‘ unlandable ’ lightweight kites and have explained how the lift component can enable a kite to fly faster than the wind speed .
we mentioned the ‘ unlandable ’ lightweight kites and have explained how the lift [part] can enable a kite to fly faster than the wind speed .

Now , as a man , he knew every prick of light by name , could identify each constellation and its individual component stars .
now , as a man , he knew every prick of light by name , could identify each constellation and its individual [part] stars .

Ahead of the Pentium processor launch on March 22 , Intel Corp has a Pentium-compatible chip set for its Peripheral Component Interconnect specification : the new set reportedly supports a 64-bit data path and speeds of up to 66MHz .
ahead of the pentium processor launch on march 22 , intel corp has a pentium-compatible chip set for its peripheral [part] interconnect specification : the new set reportedly supports a 64-bit data path and speeds of up to 66mhz .

We can incrementally manage our way towards open systems component by component , ’ is his message to users , ‘ but do n't do it all at once — and remember it does n't necessarily mean Unix .
we can incrementally manage our way towards open systems [part] by [part] , ’ is his message to users , ‘ but do n't do it all at once — and remember it does n't necessarily mean unix .

Fast components are a plus , but the most advanced servers feature an optimized hard disk sub-system , where each component complements the others .
fast components are a plus , but the most advanced servers feature an optimized hard disk sub-system , where each [part] complements the others .

Teachers will ensure there is an oral component in any assessment procedure they devise , and will pressure external examination bodies to do the same .
teachers will ensure there is an oral [part] in any assessment procedure they devise , and will pressure external examination bodies to do the same .

Soil is comprised of several component parts that combine and behave together in a most remarkable way .
soil is comprised of several [part] parts that combine and behave together in a most remarkable way .

The first component , the basic rock particle , can be large like sand and grit or microscopically small like the individual grains of clay , thereby imparting respectively much of the basic behavioural characteristics of different soil types : light and quickly draining , heavy , sticky and liable to waterlogging , or a happy medium in between .
the first [part] , the basic rock particle , can be large like sand and grit or microscopically small like the individual grains of clay , thereby imparting respectively much of the basic behavioural characteristics of different soil types : light and quickly draining , heavy , sticky and liable to waterlogging , or a happy medium in between .

Through their roots they absorb nutrients that have to be in water solution — so water is the second component .
through their roots they absorb nutrients that have to be in water solution — so water is the second [part] .

In the final stages of decomposition this once-living ( organic ) matter , the third component , becomes jelly-like and is then , and correctly not until then , called ‘ humus ’ .
in the final stages of decomposition this once-living ( organic ) matter , the third [part] , becomes jelly-like and is then , and correctly not until then , called ‘ humus ’ .

The decomposition process is the function of a whole myriad of microscopically small living creatures , bacteria , which must have access to the fifth component , air .
the decomposition process is the function of a whole myriad of microscopically small living creatures , bacteria , which must have access to the fifth [part] , air .

All five component parts react with and are interdependent upon each other , so much so that all five behave as a single living entity .
all five [part] parts react with and are interdependent upon each other , so much so that all five behave as a single living entity .

Fertility is not restored merely by putting down chemical plant nutrients or fertilizers , neither is one component more vital than any other .
fertility is not restored merely by putting down chemical plant nutrients or fertilizers , neither is one [part] more vital than any other .

The term is used mainly for made up composts in which the rock particle is the missing component , usually to avoid the risk , despite sterilization , of introducing disease .
the term is used mainly for made up composts in which the rock particle is the missing [part] , usually to avoid the risk , despite sterilization , of introducing disease .

Iron is a component part of the green colouring matter chlorophyll , and any iron shortage inevitably means that fewer green chloroplast cells are made , hence the pale colour .
iron is a [part] part of the green colouring matter chlorophyll , and any iron shortage inevitably means that fewer green chloroplast cells are made , hence the pale colour .

Advocacy is of course a central component in each , without which they would be weaker , but so , at the same time , is a certain scepticism and distance .
advocacy is of course a central [part] in each , without which they would be weaker , but so , at the same time , is a certain scepticism and distance .

In fact , one never really removes a component cleanly in that sort of way ; one has to damage the brain in order to eliminate a component .
in fact , one never really removes a [part] cleanly in that sort of way ; one has to damage the brain in order to eliminate a [part] .

Consequently , we are always dealing with the effects of brain injury , and those effects probably extend beyond the mere loss of a single component .
consequently , we are always dealing with the effects of brain injury , and those effects probably extend beyond the mere loss of a single [part] .

His argument would be that most electronic circuits are organized interactively , by which we mean that the proper operation of one component depends on the normal operation of all of the others .
his argument would be that most electronic circuits are organized interactively , by which we mean that the proper operation of one [part] depends on the normal operation of all of the others .

Imagine , he says , a radio set that works perfectly until you pull out a single component but then proceeds to emit a high-pitched whine .
imagine , he says , a radio set that works perfectly until you pull out a single [part] but then proceeds to emit a high-pitched whine .

We would be unlikely to conclude that the function of that component was to inhibit the emission of high-pitched whines .
we would be unlikely to conclude that the function of that [part] was to inhibit the emission of high-pitched whines .

This is compatible with the other version of modular organization , redundancy , but it is equally compatible with the system being interactive , if we assume that removal of any one component has effects that are not detected by the behavioural task .
this is compatible with the other version of modular organization , redundancy , but it is equally compatible with the system being interactive , if we assume that removal of any one [part] has effects that are not detected by the behavioural task .

This illustrates another problem , that the only effective difference between an interactive and a redundant modular system is the degree of disruption produced by damage to a single component .
this illustrates another problem , that the only effective difference between an interactive and a redundant modular system is the degree of disruption produced by damage to a single [part] .

An area involved in memory should be more active during tasks that have a high memory component than during those that place few demands on memory .
an area involved in memory should be more active during tasks that have a high memory [part] than during those that place few demands on memory .

Presumably the area is not responsible for the whole of language , only a component of linguistic performance , but what do these components look like ?
presumably the area is not responsible for the whole of language , only a [part] of linguistic performance , but what do these components look like ?

It is unlikely that any component of the nervous system carries out exactly the same computation as the zero-crossing detector described in the previous paragraph but it is possible to make a simpler device that works very much like a zero-crossing detector .
it is unlikely that any [part] of the nervous system carries out exactly the same computation as the zero-crossing detector described in the previous paragraph but it is possible to make a simpler device that works very much like a zero-crossing detector .

It is not so much the Western origin of new component technologies as their gestation in the West 's civilian sectors which must pose the most vexing questions for Soviet policy makers and their orthodoxies .
it is not so much the western origin of new [part] technologies as their gestation in the west 's civilian sectors which must pose the most vexing questions for soviet policy makers and their orthodoxies .

Military build-up must therefore be understood as a component of the policy of East-West détente , not a concession to those who opposed it .
military build-up must therefore be understood as a [part] of the policy of east-west détente , not a concession to those who opposed it .

In a Chomskian grammar it is the base component , consisting of phrase structure rules , that generates the sort of revealed structure just explained .
in a chomskian grammar it is the base [part] , consisting of phrase structure rules , that generates the sort of revealed structure just explained .

The strict sense in which such structures underlie the sentences is of course enshrined in the transformational component of the grammar .
the strict sense in which such structures underlie the sentences is of course enshrined in the transformational [part] of the grammar .

Rather than analysing society in terms of one kind of component , Althusser claims that Marx breaks it up into related units called , in Althusserean parlance , ‘ practices ’ .
rather than analysing society in terms of one kind of [part] , althusser claims that marx breaks it up into related units called , in althusserean parlance , ‘ practices ’ .

The comparatively long time intervals between such environmental vicissitudes may be characterized by stasis in ecosystems as well as the component species .
the comparatively long time intervals between such environmental vicissitudes may be characterized by stasis in ecosystems as well as the [part] species .

Although the fossil record is much poorer , coevolution with the terrestrial angiosperms probably accounts for a major component of the radiation of insects and birds .
although the fossil record is much poorer , coevolution with the terrestrial angiosperms probably accounts for a major [part] of the radiation of insects and birds .

To find that missing component we need to head for the west coast of Scotland , where some of the shapeliest small peaks in Britain are to be found .
to find that missing [part] we need to head for the west coast of scotland , where some of the shapeliest small peaks in britain are to be found .

Magnaflux inspection can reveal anomalies in a component even if they are under the surface .
magnaflux inspection can reveal anomalies in a [part] even if they are under the surface .

By establishing a magnetic field around a component , fluid that will react to the field is poured over .
by establishing a magnetic field around a [part] , fluid that will react to the field is poured over .

Children with clearly defined organic problems Congenital abnormalities of the intestinal tract requiring surgery clearly have an organic component , but the psychological management of these children can facilitate the development of good feeding later ( Geertsma et al .
children with clearly defined organic problems congenital abnormalities of the intestinal tract requiring surgery clearly have an organic [part] , but the psychological management of these children can facilitate the development of good feeding later ( geertsma et al .

There is a strong maturational component in the learning of these skills as well as cultural and societal differences in expectations .
there is a strong maturational [part] in the learning of these skills as well as cultural and societal differences in expectations .

Helping them recognize the feeling of when they want to go can be an important component for the older pre-school child .
helping them recognize the feeling of when they want to go can be an important [part] for the older pre-school child .

If there is a single most important component of this course it is the notion that parents , not professionals , solve problems .
if there is a single most important [part] of this course it is the notion that parents , not professionals , solve problems .

Ceramides — a major component of lipids .
ceramides — a major [part] of lipids .

The theory of communicative action is perhaps the crucial and radical component in Habermas 's work but it is not a discrete theory ; it develops in response to a number of problems both theoretical and empirical raised in a variety of contexts .
the theory of communicative action is perhaps the crucial and radical [part] in habermas 's work but it is not a discrete theory ; it develops in response to a number of problems both theoretical and empirical raised in a variety of contexts .

If a paragraph is to be indexed but no component of the semantic net relates to that paragraph , then the semantic net is augmented .
if a paragraph is to be indexed but no [part] of the semantic net relates to that paragraph , then the semantic net is augmented .

The key all.unit.id effectively defines a generic heading which contains an integer value for each possible component of a textual identifier .
the key all.unit.id effectively defines a generic heading which contains an integer value for each possible [part] of a textual identifier .

The integrity of trails depends during their existence on no component object being deleted during maintenance of the hyper-media data-base .
the integrity of trails depends during their existence on no [part] object being deleted during maintenance of the hyper-media data-base .

It 's also important to note how important the affective , as opposed to merely informational or propositional component of conversation is .
it 's also important to note how important the affective , as opposed to merely informational or propositional [part] of conversation is .

The idea that femaleness is part of the definition of the word wife seems relatively reasonable ; but questions arise when one considers that — as we noted above — gender seems to be a conceptual component in many unrelated lexical items ; and that oppositions often function covertly as hierarchies , which means it may not be a neutral fact that this system represents women as the negative of men .
the idea that femaleness is part of the definition of the word wife seems relatively reasonable ; but questions arise when one considers that — as we noted above — gender seems to be a conceptual [part] in many unrelated lexical items ; and that oppositions often function covertly as hierarchies , which means it may not be a neutral fact that this system represents women as the negative of men .

She takes their practice of representing a feminine gendered component of meaning as [ -male ] as a sign of the fact that women in language are relegated to ‘ negative semantic space ’ .
she takes their practice of representing a feminine gendered [part] of meaning as [ -male ] as a sign of the fact that women in language are relegated to ‘ negative semantic space ’ .

If an original part could n't be located , the crew would consult the prints and have Dick Mead , a retired machinist from Janesville , Wisconsin , recreate the component to match original military specifications .
if an original part could n't be located , the crew would consult the prints and have dick mead , a retired machinist from janesville , wisconsin , recreate the [part] to match original military specifications .

Not all will have a sexual component .
not all will have a sexual [part] .

In contrast the relationships of landlady and lodger , landlord and tenant may have this component .
in contrast the relationships of landlady and lodger , landlord and tenant may have this [part] .

The increase in the cost of repaying mortgages ( the greatest component of the average family 's budget ) caused a reduction in the amount of money available for general consumption and hence a reduction in living standards .
the increase in the cost of repaying mortgages ( the greatest [part] of the average family 's budget ) caused a reduction in the amount of money available for general consumption and hence a reduction in living standards .

It was Field in 1977 who had suggested that the glucose/sugar component of oral rehydration solutions could be replaced by long chain polymers of glucose , ie .
it was field in 1977 who had suggested that the glucose/sugar [part] of oral rehydration solutions could be replaced by long chain polymers of glucose , ie .

Digestion of the starch into its component glucose units takes place at the luminal surface of the gut epithelial cells , but these glucose units are immediately absorbed by the sodium ion/glucose cotransporter so that they do not contribute to the osmotic activity in the gut lumen .
digestion of the starch into its [part] glucose units takes place at the luminal surface of the gut epithelial cells , but these glucose units are immediately absorbed by the sodium ion/glucose cotransporter so that they do not contribute to the osmotic activity in the gut lumen .

The discovery that gur ( an important component of the lobon-gur solution ) was not always readily available in all households , lead to the trials of a rice-salt solution as a possible replacement for the lobon-gur solution .
the discovery that gur ( an important [part] of the lobon-gur solution ) was not always readily available in all households , lead to the trials of a rice-salt solution as a possible replacement for the lobon-gur solution .

Try to avoid using any one component in a design that is much darker than all the others .
try to avoid using any one [part] in a design that is much darker than all the others .

Having pressed all the component parts to make up a wedding picture for the bride , there may be some pieces left over ( if you have followed my advice and pressed additional flowers and foliage in case of accident ) .
having pressed all the [part] parts to make up a wedding picture for the bride , there may be some pieces left over ( if you have followed my advice and pressed additional flowers and foliage in case of accident ) .

After all , it was , if not the crux of the whole enterprise , an extremely important component , because his purpose in this was no eccentric whim but a sincere manifestation of the philosophy which had pervaded most of his adult life and which was clear to all who knew him — namely , the conservation of our precious resources .
after all , it was , if not the crux of the whole enterprise , an extremely important [part] , because his purpose in this was no eccentric whim but a sincere manifestation of the philosophy which had pervaded most of his adult life and which was clear to all who knew him — namely , the conservation of our precious resources .

One of these is prestressed concrete in which the brittle component is kept in compression by strong tension wires .
one of these is prestressed concrete in which the brittle [part] is kept in compression by strong tension wires .

Until recently the fact that the strength of engineering materials is usually only between one and five per cent of the strength of their chemical bonds was of little practical significance because the joints between the various component parts of structures were so inefficient that even the strength which the material had was scarcely used .
until recently the fact that the strength of engineering materials is usually only between one and five per cent of the strength of their chemical bonds was of little practical significance because the joints between the various [part] parts of structures were so inefficient that even the strength which the material had was scarcely used .

As the mechanics , now dubbed dismantlers , get to work their eyes are primed to search out every tiny component which could be used again or recycled into something else .
as the mechanics , now dubbed dismantlers , get to work their eyes are primed to search out every tiny [part] which could be used again or recycled into something else .

Vision and hearing is processed consciously , but smell is an important component as it affects our unconscious at such a primitive level , ’ he says .
vision and hearing is processed consciously , but smell is an important [part] as it affects our unconscious at such a primitive level , ’ he says .

With approximately 20 major sites in Europe , the company is ideally placed to take advantage of a wide range of experience in its automotive component businesses .
with approximately 20 major sites in europe , the company is ideally placed to take advantage of a wide range of experience in its automotive [part] businesses .

Specialist , outside manufacturers still make some component parts for Caterham , such as the chassis and the suspension , but the cars ' aluminium bodies are produced at Dartford .
specialist , outside manufacturers still make some [part] parts for caterham , such as the chassis and the suspension , but the cars ' aluminium bodies are produced at dartford .

’ This in-store ‘ technical centre ’ offers on-the-spot servicing at fixed prices , the fitting of peripherals and component upgrades , installing software , and a clinic for hardware checkups .
’ this in-store ‘ technical centre ’ offers on-the-spot servicing at fixed prices , the fitting of peripherals and [part] upgrades , installing software , and a clinic for hardware checkups .

Of the £12.5m , the largest component was £4.1m paid to 167 investors as a result of the default of Dunsdale Securities .
of the £12.5m , the largest [part] was £4.1m paid to 167 investors as a result of the default of dunsdale securities .

Any organism possesses an L-Field as a whole which embraces subsidiary or ‘ local ’ fields representing the organism 's component parts .
any organism possesses an l-field as a whole which embraces subsidiary or ‘ local ’ fields representing the organism 's [part] parts .

One field can not exist within another field without an interaction between them , therefore it can be argued that the Universe is an energy field and that everything that exists in it is a subsidiary or component part of the total field .
one field can not exist within another field without an interaction between them , therefore it can be argued that the universe is an energy field and that everything that exists in it is a subsidiary or [part] part of the total field .

This overall field embraces subsidiary or ‘ local ’ fields within the organism and its component parts , and if there is a tendency to contract a disease such as cancer , this tendency will appear first as a ‘ stress ’ in the pre-physical body , later becoming a pathological disease at the cellular level .
this overall field embraces subsidiary or ‘ local ’ fields within the organism and its [part] parts , and if there is a tendency to contract a disease such as cancer , this tendency will appear first as a ‘ stress ’ in the pre-physical body , later becoming a pathological disease at the cellular level .

If we look at industrial work it can be seen that it tends to be too much dominated by part tasks in that the worker is not involved with the delivery of the whole product but with a small component of it and even , at times , with a particular operation on that small component .
if we look at industrial work it can be seen that it tends to be too much dominated by part tasks in that the worker is not involved with the delivery of the whole product but with a small [part] of it and even , at times , with a particular operation on that small [part] .

Although Chang Tsai 's comparison with water shows clearly that the ch ' i is a continuum and not an aggregate of atoms , the analogy with matter is so deep in Le Gall 's preconceptions that he assumes the component atoms to be implicit in the word ch ' i of the Chinese text .
although chang tsai 's comparison with water shows clearly that the ch ' i is a continuum and not an aggregate of atoms , the analogy with matter is so deep in le gall 's preconceptions that he assumes the [part] atoms to be implicit in the word ch ' i of the chinese text .

The front-row component , critical at any time and especially against tough New Zealand provinces , includes hooker Mark Cardinal and uncapped loose head prop Paul Le Blanc , both late withdrawals from the World Cup group .
the front-row [part] , critical at any time and especially against tough new zealand provinces , includes hooker mark cardinal and uncapped loose head prop paul le blanc , both late withdrawals from the world cup group .

The Discussion Paper proposed that shareholders ' funds be analysed between the amounts attributable to equity and non-equity shares , and envisaged that this would be provided by analysing its component parts ( called up share capital , share premium account and other reserves ) between equity and non-equity interests ( Discussion Paper , paragraphs 3.50-3.56 ) .
the discussion paper proposed that shareholders ' funds be analysed between the amounts attributable to equity and non-equity shares , and envisaged that this would be provided by analysing its [part] parts ( called up share capital , share premium account and other reserves ) between equity and non-equity interests ( discussion paper , paragraphs 3.50-3.56 ) .

Many respondents , although supporting the analysis of total shareholders ’ funds , considered that an analysis of its component parts could be misleading .
many respondents , although supporting the analysis of total shareholders ’ funds , considered that an analysis of its [part] parts could be misleading .

It would be necessary in such a case to apportion the proceeds of the issue to each component .
it would be necessary in such a case to apportion the proceeds of the issue to each [part] .

Time after time , woman admitted to me that their partner 's success not only mattered to them in terms of money , but was a crucial component in their respect and desire for these men .
time after time , woman admitted to me that their partner 's success not only mattered to them in terms of money , but was a crucial [part] in their respect and desire for these men .

Since the major component of auditors ' costs — the salaries bill — is going down in many firms , it is not unnatural that the audit fees themselves are also reducing .
since the major [part] of auditors ' costs — the salaries bill — is going down in many firms , it is not unnatural that the audit fees themselves are also reducing .

‘ He had his own complex emotional life , of which Marje was just one component .
‘ he had his own complex emotional life , of which marje was just one [part] .

They are , therefore , a crucial component of competence and they pose problems in both the description and the pedagogy of language .
they are , therefore , a crucial [part] of competence and they pose problems in both the description and the pedagogy of language .

The third component should be written off against profit if it represents an overpayment or transferred to reserves if an underpayment .
the third [part] should be written off against profit if it represents an overpayment or transferred to reserves if an underpayment .

When debt and equity securities fall into neither of the previous two categories , they would be classified as securities available for sale and reported at fair value , but any unrealised gains and losses would be excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of shareholders ' equity .
when debt and equity securities fall into neither of the previous two categories , they would be classified as securities available for sale and reported at fair value , but any unrealised gains and losses would be excluded from earnings and reported as a separate [part] of shareholders ' equity .

Figure 1 c shows the residuals after removing the 265-day component .
figure 1 c shows the residuals after removing the 265-day [part] .

Except for the first two days , the decaying component is well fitted by an exponential with 18-day time constant , but we now see that the glitch also leaves a nondecaying increase in rotation rate .
except for the first two days , the decaying [part] is well fitted by an exponential with 18-day time constant , but we now see that the glitch also leaves a nondecaying increase in rotation rate .

1 c , the effects of the increased slowdown rate and the 265-day component have been removed .
1 c , the effects of the increased slowdown rate and the 265-day [part] have been removed .

The onset of the glitch is now seen to comprise an unresolved step followed by an exponential asymptotic rise to meet the 18-day exponential decaying component .
the onset of the glitch is now seen to comprise an unresolved step followed by an exponential asymptotic rise to meet the 18-day exponential decaying [part] .

They are , however , not completely independent of each other ; for example , satisfactory fits can be obtained with time constants between 16 days and 20 days for the main recovery component , with small adjustments to the other values .
they are , however , not completely independent of each other ; for example , satisfactory fits can be obtained with time constants between 16 days and 20 days for the main recovery [part] , with small adjustments to the other values .

Observed values of rotation rate for the first 15 days ; as in Fig. 1 c , all values are residuals after allowing for the normal slowdown rate , the persistent increase in slowdown rate , and the 265-day component .
observed values of rotation rate for the first 15 days ; as in fig. 1 c , all values are residuals after allowing for the normal slowdown rate , the persistent increase in slowdown rate , and the 265-day [part] .

The lower-temperature component is typically like a solar active region ; the hotter component has flare-like temperature properties .
the lower-temperature [part] is typically like a solar active region ; the hotter [part] has flare-like temperature properties .

The flare-like component of a stellar corona is , of course , spectrally harder than the active-region-like component .
the flare-like [part] of a stellar corona is , of course , spectrally harder than the active-region-like [part] .

This abolishes the component of tension acting at right angles to the cut , while the tangential tension remains , suppressing lamellipodia and provoking formation of an actin cable , which in turn presumably reinforces the tangential tension .
this abolishes the [part] of tension acting at right angles to the cut , while the tangential tension remains , suppressing lamellipodia and provoking formation of an actin cable , which in turn presumably reinforces the tangential tension .

We now combine greenhouse and solar forcing to determine whether a better fit between modelled and observed temperature can be obtained by including the solar component .
we now combine greenhouse and solar forcing to determine whether a better fit between modelled and observed temperature can be obtained by including the solar [part] .

This may be an increased component of hard fruit in the diet , although the evidence for this is ambiguous .
this may be an increased [part] of hard fruit in the diet , although the evidence for this is ambiguous .

On the evidence of postcrania , Sivapithecus was similar to other Miocene apes in being an arboreal quadruped with perhaps a terrestrial component as well .
on the evidence of postcrania , sivapithecus was similar to other miocene apes in being an arboreal quadruped with perhaps a terrestrial [part] as well .

1 c , e ) : a red-noise component which rises towards low frequencies , a broad peak with a centroid frequency around 2mHz and a flat component at high frequency due to Poisson noise .
1 c , e ) : a red-noise [part] which rises towards low frequencies , a broad peak with a centroid frequency around 2mhz and a flat [part] at high frequency due to poisson noise .

In the three long observations , models with only a power-law component give values of with a probability at or below 10 % in two out of three cases .
in the three long observations , models with only a power-law [part] give values of with a probability at or below 10 % in two out of three cases .

Molecular biology is continuing to increase our understanding of metazoan evolution , yet information from fossils is still an important component in deciphering metazoan phylogeny , and data on rapidly radiating animal groups place early metazoan evolution in a new perspective .
molecular biology is continuing to increase our understanding of metazoan evolution , yet information from fossils is still an important [part] in deciphering metazoan phylogeny , and data on rapidly radiating animal groups place early metazoan evolution in a new perspective .

External signals arriving at the cell engage surface receptors to initiate signalling pathways whereby information flows from one component to the next until the final effector system is activated .
external signals arriving at the cell engage surface receptors to initiate signalling pathways whereby information flows from one [part] to the next until the final effector system is activated .

Their steep radio spectra and polarization properties suggest that they emit synchrotron radiation , and their morphology suggests a poloidal component of the galactic magnetic field .
their steep radio spectra and polarization properties suggest that they emit synchrotron radiation , and their morphology suggests a poloidal [part] of the galactic magnetic field .

This field component would connect gas in the plane to the hotter gas above and below and is likely both to generate instabilities and to bleed angular momentum from the disk , possibly leading to the formation of a jet .
this field [part] would connect gas in the plane to the hotter gas above and below and is likely both to generate instabilities and to bleed angular momentum from the disk , possibly leading to the formation of a jet .

Further support for the suggestion that the magnetic field has a substantial poloidal component is provided by observations of γ -rays .
further support for the suggestion that the magnetic field has a substantial poloidal [part] is provided by observations of γ -rays .

The neural correlates of the verbal component of working memory
the neural correlates of the verbal [part] of working memory

At the nearest sample points to the ridge ( l=342.5° , 343.0° , 343.5 ° ; b =2° ) , there is a velocity component at -32kms -1 which is much less evident at adjacent sampled positions .
at the nearest sample points to the ridge ( l=342.5° , 343.0° , 343.5 ° ; b =2° ) , there is a velocity [part] at -32kms -1 which is much less evident at adjacent sampled positions .

The pulse profile appears to consist of a narrow central component flanked by lower-level outriding components .
the pulse profile appears to consist of a narrow central [part] flanked by lower-level outriding components .

Component suppliers decided to stop making deliveries unless they were paid .
[part] suppliers decided to stop making deliveries unless they were paid .

Western experts will be brought in to train staff in quality control , component buying and after-sales service .
western experts will be brought in to train staff in quality control , [part] buying and after-sales service .

Output will be held at 5,300 trucks this year — the factory has the capacity to produce 15,000 a year — and talks have also begun with two German component makers to manufacture parts for them .
output will be held at 5,300 trucks this year — the factory has the capacity to produce 15,000 a year — and talks have also begun with two german [part] makers to manufacture parts for them .

Somoza 's gaols were a central component of a huge apparatus of fear .
somoza 's gaols were a central [part] of a huge apparatus of fear .

At the end of a book almost entirely devoted to arguing for a strong genetic component in the causes of crime , he turns his attention to the contemporary ‘ crime wave ’ and what should be done about it .
at the end of a book almost entirely devoted to arguing for a strong genetic [part] in the causes of crime , he turns his attention to the contemporary ‘ crime wave ’ and what should be done about it .

Lemert ( 1967 ) proposed a second component to the ‘ amplification spiral ’ — what he called ‘ secondary deviance ’ : a consequence of being officially labelled ‘ deviant ’ is that other people come to regard the labelled person differently , as a different kind of person .
lemert ( 1967 ) proposed a second [part] to the ‘ amplification spiral ’ — what he called ‘ secondary deviance ’ : a consequence of being officially labelled ‘ deviant ’ is that other people come to regard the labelled person differently , as a different kind of person .

The weaker version of left idealism — that working-class crime is an irrelevance , dramatised by the capitalist media for diversionary purposes — has had an important resurgence in the 1980s with reference to black urban crime , thus adding a racial component to the original class issue ( see Tierney , 1988 , for both an analysis and an evocation of the sense of déjà vu ) .
the weaker version of left idealism — that working-class crime is an irrelevance , dramatised by the capitalist media for diversionary purposes — has had an important resurgence in the 1980s with reference to black urban crime , thus adding a racial [part] to the original class issue ( see tierney , 1988 , for both an analysis and an evocation of the sense of déjà vu ) .

Easily the largest component of the landfills he has examined is paper and board .
easily the largest [part] of the landfills he has examined is paper and board .

Consequently , helping the child to develop a positive racial identity and pride in being black is an essential component of good parenting in a transracial setting .
consequently , helping the child to develop a positive racial identity and pride in being black is an essential [part] of good parenting in a transracial setting .

Maplin Electronics , one of Europe 's largest electronic component suppliers , has introduced a range of three tripods which all have fluid controlled tilt and pan dampers .
maplin electronics , one of europe 's largest electronic [part] suppliers , has introduced a range of three tripods which all have fluid controlled tilt and pan dampers .

Some argue that lifting the embargo would add a ‘ moral ’ component to American policy .
some argue that lifting the embargo would add a ‘ moral ’ [part] to american policy .

Indeed — and this is the second component of unease — there is no quiet pleasure in Washington that the economy is ticking along ; it is an agitated city .
indeed — and this is the second [part] of unease — there is no quiet pleasure in washington that the economy is ticking along ; it is an agitated city .

On paper , Peter could have described his mother 's face in terms of its component parts but he could not visualize it as a whole .
on paper , peter could have described his mother 's face in terms of its [part] parts but he could not visualize it as a whole .

The economic component of the image was clearly aimed at employers , in particular in industry .
the economic [part] of the image was clearly aimed at employers , in particular in industry .

Contemporary surveys indicate that industry was either unaware of this component of the debate or chose to disregard it .
contemporary surveys indicate that industry was either unaware of this [part] of the debate or chose to disregard it .

Later , while figure-subjects executed in marquetry become more dominant but generally less attractive , it is the ornamental component that again gives most delight .
later , while figure-subjects executed in marquetry become more dominant but generally less attractive , it is the ornamental [part] that again gives most delight .

The key concern of these debates , however , was the economic component of the British proposal .
the key concern of these debates , however , was the economic [part] of the british proposal .

Fifteen years was quite adequate for the necessary stages of component research , reduction of options , testing of prototypes , laying down of a production line , through to full-scale manufacture .
fifteen years was quite adequate for the necessary stages of [part] research , reduction of options , testing of prototypes , laying down of a production line , through to full-scale manufacture .

This is the language component : it provides the activities which help participants to understand the business situation as presented through the Information File , the Video , and the Audio Cassette and to develop the skills necessary to perform the assignment .
this is the language [part] : it provides the activities which help participants to understand the business situation as presented through the information file , the video , and the audio cassette and to develop the skills necessary to perform the assignment .

Now with a new pronunciation component !
now with a new pronunciation [part] !

It contains an optional listening component for the course .
it contains an optional listening [part] for the course .

Testing is only one component in the evaluation process .
testing is only one [part] in the evaluation process .

optional video component now available
optional video [part] now available

Project Video can be used as an optional component of the Project English course .
project video can be used as an optional [part] of the project english course .

Part 2 introduces a new grammar , and includes a functional component .
part 2 introduces a new grammar , and includes a functional [part] .

The only major component missing is the Goblin 35 engine although some small wingroot and tailplane fairings are still missing .
the only major [part] missing is the goblin 35 engine although some small wingroot and tailplane fairings are still missing .

But component production of this very simple craft was to be spread through scores of small plants , employing unskilled labour , such as students and housewives .
but [part] production of this very simple craft was to be spread through scores of small plants , employing unskilled labour , such as students and housewives .

Especially important were the growing certainties of liberal political economy and the theme of antislavery as expressing the national interest and , as an important moral component , the sense of national duty the British people owed the world and themselves .
especially important were the growing certainties of liberal political economy and the theme of antislavery as expressing the national interest and , as an important moral [part] , the sense of national duty the british people owed the world and themselves .

Petitioning grew with local antislavery organisations , circulation of massive amounts of literature and the ideological acceptance of emancipation as a matter of national interest and a component of national identity .
petitioning grew with local antislavery organisations , circulation of massive amounts of literature and the ideological acceptance of emancipation as a matter of national interest and a [part] of national identity .

If we consider the commitment required for the task of learning a language then it is not surprising that there is a large affective or emotive component in the eventual success of the learner .
if we consider the commitment required for the task of learning a language then it is not surprising that there is a large affective or emotive [part] in the eventual success of the learner .

In an attempt to identify the component skills and abilities necessary for an interpreter to be regarded as ‘ good ’ , Brasel , Montanelli and Quigley ( 1974 ) asked interpreters and deaf people to rate features of their abilities .
in an attempt to identify the [part] skills and abilities necessary for an interpreter to be regarded as ‘ good ’ , brasel , montanelli and quigley ( 1974 ) asked interpreters and deaf people to rate features of their abilities .

The principal component , as always , is lack of language proficiency .
the principal [part] , as always , is lack of language proficiency .

The Roehampton Institute in Surrey consists of four component colleges ( Digby Stuart , Froebel , Southlands , Whitelands ) .
the roehampton institute in surrey consists of four [part] colleges ( digby stuart , froebel , southlands , whitelands ) .

The design and preparation of this documentation has a Human factors component .
the design and preparation of this documentation has a human factors [part] .

For example , a magical liquid which needs a component of ethereality might allow the links to be separated , but the adventurers will have to find an Alchemist or Scholar to tell them of this , and then they must find the ingredients for the magical liquid .
for example , a magical liquid which needs a [part] of ethereality might allow the links to be separated , but the adventurers will have to find an alchemist or scholar to tell them of this , and then they must find the ingredients for the magical liquid .

When we began our work on the secondary stages we considered whether to add a fourth profile component , knowledge about language , but we rejected this plan for two reasons .
when we began our work on the secondary stages we considered whether to add a fourth profile [part] , knowledge about language , but we rejected this plan for two reasons .

For this reason , we did not propose that knowledge about language should have its own profile component .
for this reason , we did not propose that knowledge about language should have its own profile [part] .

If we had proposed a separate profile component for knowledge about language , it might have been seen as having a weight ( in terms of content , teaching time and assessment ) which was disproportionate in relation to the English curriculum as a whole .
if we had proposed a separate profile [part] for knowledge about language , it might have been seen as having a weight ( in terms of content , teaching time and assessment ) which was disproportionate in relation to the english curriculum as a whole .

Accordingly , in the speaking and listening profile component , the statements of attainment relate to children 's growing ability to talk explicitly about :
accordingly , in the speaking and listening profile [part] , the statements of attainment relate to children 's growing ability to talk explicitly about :

In the writing profile component , the statements of attainment relate to children 's growing ability to talk and write explicitly about :
in the writing profile [part] , the statements of attainment relate to children 's growing ability to talk and write explicitly about :

Accordingly in the reading profile component , the statements of attainment relate to pupils ' growing ability to talk and write explicitly about :
accordingly in the reading profile [part] , the statements of attainment relate to pupils ' growing ability to talk and write explicitly about :

In the speaking and listening profile component pupils should be able to :
in the speaking and listening profile [part] pupils should be able to :

In particular , we included the treatment of non-literary and media texts in the reading profile component .
in particular , we included the treatment of non-literary and media texts in the reading profile [part] .

Profoundly deaf pupils will almost certainly need modification of the speaking and listening component , especially if they were born deaf or lost their hearing before acquiring language .
profoundly deaf pupils will almost certainly need modification of the speaking and listening [part] , especially if they were born deaf or lost their hearing before acquiring language .

The outer leather is not the only component of the upper .
the outer leather is not the only [part] of the upper .

The necessity of constructing popular consent among the electorate was an important component of Conservative thought , and had been since extension of the franchise to sections of the urban working classes in 1867 .
the necessity of constructing popular consent among the electorate was an important [part] of conservative thought , and had been since extension of the franchise to sections of the urban working classes in 1867 .

The ‘ type ’ component refers to the construction by the analyst of a typology or set of categories for classifying phenomena .
the ‘ type ’ [part] refers to the construction by the analyst of a typology or set of categories for classifying phenomena .

Durkheim had little difficulty in employing this material to demonstrate how beliefs in the mystical powers of animals and other ‘ totemic ’ forces reflected the structure of Aboriginal hordes and their component divisions .
durkheim had little difficulty in employing this material to demonstrate how beliefs in the mystical powers of animals and other ‘ totemic ’ forces reflected the structure of aboriginal hordes and their [part] divisions .

Society is a dynamic organism : the destiny of its component parts and their significance lie in their contribution to the survival of the whole .
society is a dynamic organism : the destiny of its [part] parts and their significance lie in their contribution to the survival of the whole .

Changes in social structure are thus likely to be accompanied by changes in the function of component institutions .
changes in social structure are thus likely to be accompanied by changes in the function of [part] institutions .

The organization of their religious concepts , god and his component spirit-refractions , certainly reflects the social order in a highly Durkheimian fashion .
the organization of their religious concepts , god and his [part] spirit-refractions , certainly reflects the social order in a highly durkheimian fashion .

Moore 's view is that this is because , although each individual component of the total consciousness has its own value , one which it could retain in other contexts , the consciousness as a whole has a further value .
moore 's view is that this is because , although each individual [part] of the total consciousness has its own value , one which it could retain in other contexts , the consciousness as a whole has a further value .

Yet education is very much the sort of thing you might expect Moore 's principles to display as worth while in its own right rather than merely as a means to , or even component of , other things .
yet education is very much the sort of thing you might expect moore 's principles to display as worth while in its own right rather than merely as a means to , or even [part] of , other things .

We may agree also that their value is no mere summation of the values of their component parts , whatever precisely we take their parts to be .
we may agree also that their value is no mere summation of the values of their [part] parts , whatever precisely we take their parts to be .

major capital investment in the development and improvement of the hospital component of the mental illness and mental handicap services following the recommendations of the health care policy groups .
major capital investment in the development and improvement of the hospital [part] of the mental illness and mental handicap services following the recommendations of the health care policy groups .

After the collapse of Law 's schemes his vast unified company was divided into its component parts again , but it still took some years for the French to recover in India .
after the collapse of law 's schemes his vast unified company was divided into its [part] parts again , but it still took some years for the french to recover in india .

There is very little interest indeed in sexual offences prior to the court appearance unless they are sexual assaults or murders with a sexual component In the 3,015 newspapers considered in the study , only 29 of these residual sexual cases were identified .
there is very little interest indeed in sexual offences prior to the court appearance unless they are sexual assaults or murders with a sexual [part] in the 3,015 newspapers considered in the study , only 29 of these residual sexual cases were identified .

In our study year there were forty-five murder trials reported from the courts where some sexual component was raised as an issue , even if to be denied .
in our study year there were forty-five murder trials reported from the courts where some sexual [part] was raised as an issue , even if to be denied .

Situations vary as to whether sexual relations are an expected component of the relationship .
situations vary as to whether sexual relations are an expected [part] of the relationship .

In the following example , the motives of someone who stabs his victim many times in her genital area are not discussed in public ; indeed the sexual component is dismissed with the claim that the victim had not been indecently assaulted .
in the following example , the motives of someone who stabs his victim many times in her genital area are not discussed in public ; indeed the sexual [part] is dismissed with the claim that the victim had not been indecently assaulted .

In two of the three cases which attracted most publicity the issue of whether the women had consented was an important component in the case , though in one of these there was an additional racial theme in the identification of the accused as black .
in two of the three cases which attracted most publicity the issue of whether the women had consented was an important [part] in the case , though in one of these there was an additional racial theme in the identification of the accused as black .

At the initial training level , we now find an insistence that all teachers in training must be exposed to a compulsory component concerned with meeting special needs in the ordinary school .
at the initial training level , we now find an insistence that all teachers in training must be exposed to a compulsory [part] concerned with meeting special needs in the ordinary school .

Finding a remedy may be easier because there is less of a genetic component .
finding a remedy may be easier because there is less of a genetic [part] .

This dependency of the weak on the strong has a moral component .
this dependency of the weak on the strong has a moral [part] .

On one rather bloodless level , the phenomenon of the New Pacific is the consequence of what happens when all the curves by which we define a region 's resources suddenly reach their peaks simultaneously , and produce a wave of dramatic geometric harmony — the whole wave being far greater and more impressive than the sum of its component curves .
on one rather bloodless level , the phenomenon of the new pacific is the consequence of what happens when all the curves by which we define a region 's resources suddenly reach their peaks simultaneously , and produce a wave of dramatic geometric harmony — the whole wave being far greater and more impressive than the sum of its [part] curves .

Not long ago geographers were wont to divide it into its most impressive component bodies , and to call them the Seven Seas .
not long ago geographers were wont to divide it into its most impressive [part] bodies , and to call them the seven seas .

Some then inexplicable process forced the supercontinents to break into immense component pads which became ( in the case of Gondwanaland ) Africa , South America , India , Antarctica and Australia and ( in the case of Laurasia ) , North America , Europe and continental Asia .
some then inexplicable process forced the supercontinents to break into immense [part] pads which became ( in the case of gondwanaland ) africa , south america , india , antarctica and australia and ( in the case of laurasia ) , north america , europe and continental asia .

To reach their goal d'Abreu 's men had gone halfway round the world from Europe to the Orient , and always in directions with an easterly component .
to reach their goal d'abreu 's men had gone halfway round the world from europe to the orient , and always in directions with an easterly [part] .

Adequate personal financial resources are an essential component of community care and an essential prerequisite , too , of dignity and self-worth , but , surprisingly , the financial needs of people with mental disorder are often ignored or , at the other end of the scale , such people are at times even treated rather like children — they are provided with pocket money for ‘ treats ’ but all other financial decisions are taken out of their hands .
adequate personal financial resources are an essential [part] of community care and an essential prerequisite , too , of dignity and self-worth , but , surprisingly , the financial needs of people with mental disorder are often ignored or , at the other end of the scale , such people are at times even treated rather like children — they are provided with pocket money for ‘ treats ’ but all other financial decisions are taken out of their hands .

The missing component , the extra essence is to be found , of course , in the toilet .
the missing [part] , the extra essence is to be found , of course , in the toilet .

Here the examiner will probably have divided up the possible marks in his mind among the component parts , and an answer to one part , be it ever so brilliant , can earn only the appropriate total for that part .
here the examiner will probably have divided up the possible marks in his mind among the [part] parts , and an answer to one part , be it ever so brilliant , can earn only the appropriate total for that part .

They looked forward to see if another component had malfunctioned .
they looked forward to see if another [part] had malfunctioned .

There is even a ritual component to the way we walk down a street .
there is even a ritual [part] to the way we walk down a street .

Contextually , the notional component of the verb is assigned thematic status if it has already been mentioned . Scinto ( 1983 : 80 ) gives the following example :
contextually , the notional [part] of the verb is assigned thematic status if it has already been mentioned . scinto ( 1983 : 80 ) gives the following example :

Sankoff and Brown 's study of relative clauses in Tok Pisin concentrates overwhelmingly on discourse function , syntactic structure being viewed as a ‘ component of , and derivative from , discourse structure ’ ( Sankoff and Brown 1980 : 211 ) .
sankoff and brown 's study of relative clauses in tok pisin concentrates overwhelmingly on discourse function , syntactic structure being viewed as a ‘ [part] of , and derivative from , discourse structure ’ ( sankoff and brown 1980 : 211 ) .

the difference between births and deaths ) and tend to ignore the most effective component of population change in the western world , migration .
the difference between births and deaths ) and tend to ignore the most effective [part] of population change in the western world , migration .

Finally , Stanley and Farrington ( 1981 , 78 ) also conclude that public transport is only one component of accessibility and argue that accessibility deprivation can be alleviated in one of three strategic ways :
finally , stanley and farrington ( 1981 , 78 ) also conclude that public transport is only one [part] of accessibility and argue that accessibility deprivation can be alleviated in one of three strategic ways :

First , a return to viewing the landscape in totality , rather than the sum of its component parts , and second , a much greater emphasis on the preferences of the general public , rather than professional people , even though some studies have shown quite a good correlation between the two ( Preece , 1980 ) .
first , a return to viewing the landscape in totality , rather than the sum of its [part] parts , and second , a much greater emphasis on the preferences of the general public , rather than professional people , even though some studies have shown quite a good correlation between the two ( preece , 1980 ) .

For decades women have agonized over their breasts — either too big or too small ; their overall body shape — no waist , bum too big , legs too short ; and the various component parts of face and hair , all of which have to be altered , enhanced or de-emphasized at regular intervals .
for decades women have agonized over their breasts — either too big or too small ; their overall body shape — no waist , bum too big , legs too short ; and the various [part] parts of face and hair , all of which have to be altered , enhanced or de-emphasized at regular intervals .

Fashion garments may and do cost a great deal , but break down the component parts of that price and the sum paid for the natural fibre fabrics begins to look a little odd .
fashion garments may and do cost a great deal , but break down the [part] parts of that price and the sum paid for the natural fibre fabrics begins to look a little odd .

Travel agents are an important component in the organizational structure of United Kingdom overseas travel .
travel agents are an important [part] in the organizational structure of united kingdom overseas travel .

However , as table 5.2 and figure 5.2 show , the other very important component of the trend is that more people than before are living to be very old , into the high eighties and nineties , and this is to some degree due to changing mortality trends at later ages .
however , as table 5.2 and figure 5.2 show , the other very important [part] of the trend is that more people than before are living to be very old , into the high eighties and nineties , and this is to some degree due to changing mortality trends at later ages .

Component forecasts are common throughout demography .
[part] forecasts are common throughout demography .

There are many reasons in favour of component forecasts for each sector .
there are many reasons in favour of [part] forecasts for each sector .

The argument against component forecasts are those of cost .
the argument against [part] forecasts are those of cost .

The second component of the managerialist thesis holds that because of the weakness of ownership control managers are able to , and do , engage in forms of behaviour that fail to maximise shareholder wealth and which are inefficient from the point of view of society as a whole .
the second [part] of the managerialist thesis holds that because of the weakness of ownership control managers are able to , and do , engage in forms of behaviour that fail to maximise shareholder wealth and which are inefficient from the point of view of society as a whole .

‘ Usefulness ’ was a key component of the physical scientists ' evaluation of their discipline ; and ‘ usefulness ’ referred to the capacity of the degree to get them a well-paid job .
‘ usefulness ’ was a key [part] of the physical scientists ' evaluation of their discipline ; and ‘ usefulness ’ referred to the capacity of the degree to get them a well-paid job .

They also vividly illustrate the incompetence component because the results , by their own analysis , were to upset the others and make it less likely that their views would prevail .
they also vividly illustrate the incompetence [part] because the results , by their own analysis , were to upset the others and make it less likely that their views would prevail .

In common with analyses of postmodernism in other spheres , de-differentiation ( Lash , 1988 ) is an important component , at least in production .
in common with analyses of postmodernism in other spheres , de-differentiation ( lash , 1988 ) is an important [part] , at least in production .

‘ Component companies in the corporate family are able to launch joint projects , transfer mutually useful information , and cross-fertilize one another ’ ( ibid . )
‘ [part] companies in the corporate family are able to launch joint projects , transfer mutually useful information , and cross-fertilize one another ’ ( ibid . )

Unlike a large divisionalized Western corporation , Japanese enterprises are unlikely to practise vertical integration of their component suppliers , in order to minimize transaction costs .
unlike a large divisionalized western corporation , japanese enterprises are unlikely to practise vertical integration of their [part] suppliers , in order to minimize transaction costs .

The fairly effective neutralization of countervailing sources of leadership from professional bodies and trade unions is an important component of this , as is the considerable attention paid to ensuring that leadership initiatives have broad-based support before they are adopted , through the mechanisms of the ringi-ko decision-making structure and the extensive use of generalist managerial job rotation .
the fairly effective neutralization of countervailing sources of leadership from professional bodies and trade unions is an important [part] of this , as is the considerable attention paid to ensuring that leadership initiatives have broad-based support before they are adopted , through the mechanisms of the ringi-ko decision-making structure and the extensive use of generalist managerial job rotation .

Thus the two end products of the development of modern culture , its degree of abstraction and its degree of specificity , are the component parts of the sense of alienation in the modern world .
thus the two end products of the development of modern culture , its degree of abstraction and its degree of specificity , are the [part] parts of the sense of alienation in the modern world .

It is an integral part of modern culture that it is simply not possible to envisage a model of freedom , including that abstraction needed for the achievement of equality , which would not have as one of its component parts the tendency towards alienation .
it is an integral part of modern culture that it is simply not possible to envisage a model of freedom , including that abstraction needed for the achievement of equality , which would not have as one of its [part] parts the tendency towards alienation .

Rustin ( 1985 ) notes that Scruton places undue emphasis on the referential approach to language in semiotics , ignoring the equally powerful structuralist component ( see Sperber 1975 for a parallel comment on anthropology ) .
rustin ( 1985 ) notes that scruton places undue emphasis on the referential approach to language in semiotics , ignoring the equally powerful structuralist [part] ( see sperber 1975 for a parallel comment on anthropology ) .

Sperber and Wilson 1985 ) should suggest that , while the contextual world of objects may be the last and most overlooked component of the mechanisms of social interaction , it may very well prove , when finally excavated from its embedded relationship to the unconscious , to be the most significant factor of all .
sperber and wilson 1985 ) should suggest that , while the contextual world of objects may be the last and most overlooked [part] of the mechanisms of social interaction , it may very well prove , when finally excavated from its embedded relationship to the unconscious , to be the most significant factor of all .

Indeed Fothergill and Gudgin ( 1982 ) argue that this urban-rural shift was the main component of change over those years ( more important , that is , than changes in balance between regions ) .
indeed fothergill and gudgin ( 1982 ) argue that this urban-rural shift was the main [part] of change over those years ( more important , that is , than changes in balance between regions ) .

In that struggle capital 's antagonistic relation with labour , its need to cheapen wages and undermine labour organization , was probably a particularly important component .
in that struggle capital 's antagonistic relation with labour , its need to cheapen wages and undermine labour organization , was probably a particularly important [part] .

The concentration of new sectors , the apparently hopeless dereliction of inner cities , the mind-numbing and badly-paid work in the branch plants which are a more important component in the economies of the regions of ‘ the north ’ .
the concentration of new sectors , the apparently hopeless dereliction of inner cities , the mind-numbing and badly-paid work in the branch plants which are a more important [part] in the economies of the regions of ‘ the north ’ .

Thus , while inter-sectoral divisions were indeed dominant in the wave up to the inter-war depression , the latest phase of Fordist restructuring has involved the establishment of ‘ a new intra -sectoral spatial division between regions specializing in different sub-sectors within the same industry , such as research and development , component manufacture and final assembly ’ ( ibid .
thus , while inter-sectoral divisions were indeed dominant in the wave up to the inter-war depression , the latest phase of fordist restructuring has involved the establishment of ‘ a new intra -sectoral spatial division between regions specializing in different sub-sectors within the same industry , such as research and development , [part] manufacture and final assembly ’ ( ibid .

Public accountability is a essential component for the functioning of our political system .
public accountability is a essential [part] for the functioning of our political system .

This is its strategic component , the central image which drives the vision .
this is its strategic [part] , the central image which drives the vision .

It is this component , comprising its symbolic aspects of rhetorical and metaphorical devices , which we refer to as its circumference .
it is this [part] , comprising its symbolic aspects of rhetorical and metaphorical devices , which we refer to as its circumference .

The other main component comprises direct Federal payments to individuals or groups , either in grants , in wages , or in expenditure on goods and services .
the other main [part] comprises direct federal payments to individuals or groups , either in grants , in wages , or in expenditure on goods and services .

But when clothed with notions of gravity or blameworthiness — and setting is an inevitable component in the evaluation of conduct — any hints of moral neutrality are abandoned .
but when clothed with notions of gravity or blameworthiness — and setting is an inevitable [part] in the evaluation of conduct — any hints of moral neutrality are abandoned .

The difference between established senses and potential senses is not merely one of frequency of use , although this is undoubtedly an important component of the difference : established senses are presumably represented differently in the mind 's lexicon .
the difference between established senses and potential senses is not merely one of frequency of use , although this is undoubtedly an important [part] of the difference : established senses are presumably represented differently in the mind 's lexicon .

An affix is a grammatical element , belonging to a closed set , which can only function as a component of a word : dis — , un — , — ment , — ise , — ed , — s are all affixes .
an affix is a grammatical element , belonging to a closed set , which can only function as a [part] of a word : dis — , un — , — ment , — ise , — ed , — s are all affixes .

It has been a key component in the ideological and political processes which have put the ‘ Great ’ back in Britain .
it has been a key [part] in the ideological and political processes which have put the ‘ great ’ back in britain .

What might initially have been envisaged as a permanent position is broken down into its component parts .
what might initially have been envisaged as a permanent position is broken down into its [part] parts .

He may be told to shape the component ; not why the material needs shaping .
he may be told to shape the [part] ; not why the material needs shaping .

This approach is not surprising as , whilst the inputs ( in terms of component requirements ) are varied and numerous , the output format is very well defined and falls into two well documented categories of either man-readable or machine-readable instructions .
this approach is not surprising as , whilst the inputs ( in terms of [part] requirements ) are varied and numerous , the output format is very well defined and falls into two well documented categories of either man-readable or machine-readable instructions .

Programs can be provided or written which interpret the component design in accordance with these rules .
programs can be provided or written which interpret the [part] design in accordance with these rules .

The design of an aircraft structure falls into this category as the preferred solution for a component design would be that it has zero mass and infinite strength .
the design of an aircraft structure falls into this category as the preferred solution for a [part] design would be that it has zero mass and infinite strength .

Here the aircraft component will have an acceptable mass and strength which will result in it having an optimum working life .
here the aircraft [part] will have an acceptable mass and strength which will result in it having an optimum working life .

Whilst most of the program elements exist for designing component parts , the main development remaining to be undertaken lies in the procedures for allowing the designer a rapid comparison between a large range of schemes and known design parameters .
whilst most of the program elements exist for designing [part] parts , the main development remaining to be undertaken lies in the procedures for allowing the designer a rapid comparison between a large range of schemes and known design parameters .

Questions were asked after each problem , and at the completion of the task , to obtain the following objective information : 1 ) the ease of use of each program , 2 ) the insight gained from using each technique , 3 ) the aid given by each technique in attaining a solution , 4 ) the user preference , and dislike , for the techniques , 5 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving insight , 6 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving the best design , and 7 ) the subject 's engineering and computing background , and knowledge of the polar second moment of area ; this being the sectional properties of a component that allows the shearing stresses to be deduced from the applied torque .
questions were asked after each problem , and at the completion of the task , to obtain the following objective information : 1 ) the ease of use of each program , 2 ) the insight gained from using each technique , 3 ) the aid given by each technique in attaining a solution , 4 ) the user preference , and dislike , for the techniques , 5 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving insight , 6 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving the best design , and 7 ) the subject 's engineering and computing background , and knowledge of the polar second moment of area ; this being the sectional properties of a [part] that allows the shearing stresses to be deduced from the applied torque .

Whilst it is obvious that the manufacturing activities are greatly dependent on the specified geometry , it is unclear as to how the function and shape of a component interact .
whilst it is obvious that the manufacturing activities are greatly dependent on the specified geometry , it is unclear as to how the function and shape of a [part] interact .

By reference to this , more information may be gathered on the component 's function which may further clarify the discrete purpose , or purposes , being attributed to the entity under consideration .
by reference to this , more information may be gathered on the [part] 's function which may further clarify the discrete purpose , or purposes , being attributed to the entity under consideration .

It is thus possible to describe an assembly of entities making up a component as a set of elements , such as shown in Figure 2.2 , for both the geometry and the function .
it is thus possible to describe an assembly of entities making up a [part] as a set of elements , such as shown in figure 2.2 , for both the geometry and the function .

Whilst both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` component `` , they must maintain a specified relationship in order that the functionality of the component is maintained , ie the domain of the hole lies within the domain of block according to the previously declared rules .
whilst both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` [part] `` , they must maintain a specified relationship in order that the functionality of the [part] is maintained , ie the domain of the hole lies within the domain of block according to the previously declared rules .

The easiest way to get a component `` accepted `` is to declare that it has no , or only the simplest , association with the rest of the machine .
the easiest way to get a [part] `` accepted `` is to declare that it has no , or only the simplest , association with the rest of the machine .

This contains the assemblies , sub-assemblies and component parts in a normal hierarchical bill-of-material structure .
this contains the assemblies , sub-assemblies and [part] parts in a normal hierarchical bill-of-material structure .

The domain of `` car `` thus contains all other sub or component domains .
the domain of `` car `` thus contains all other sub or [part] domains .

This file maintains , in addition to the normal component information , a description of the spaces occupied by the individual components .
this file maintains , in addition to the normal [part] information , a description of the spaces occupied by the individual components .

These are established automatically from the maximum and minimum excursions of the component within the reference space .
these are established automatically from the maximum and minimum excursions of the [part] within the reference space .

Prior to there being a detailed component to carry the specific attribute , the relationship can only be made to the assembly space .
prior to there being a detailed [part] to carry the specific attribute , the relationship can only be made to the assembly space .

Internal associations are resolved directly by comparing `` component space to component space `` .
internal associations are resolved directly by comparing `` [part] space to [part] space `` .

Initially it may not be obvious that a component , such as the gearbox cover , is required .
initially it may not be obvious that a [part] , such as the gearbox cover , is required .

It can not be designed before the functioning gearbox has been conceived and must thus be considered as a component of the gearbox space .
it can not be designed before the functioning gearbox has been conceived and must thus be considered as a [part] of the gearbox space .

For example , the size of a region of a component may be chosen to provide a given minimal strength ; this will be dependent on the assumptions made over the choice of materials and loading conditions .
for example , the size of a region of a [part] may be chosen to provide a given minimal strength ; this will be dependent on the assumptions made over the choice of materials and loading conditions .

Whilst the final check will be in terms of the sectional dimension of the component , these should be compared , not against an absolute set of values but against functionally derived minimum sizes .
whilst the final check will be in terms of the sectional dimension of the [part] , these should be compared , not against an absolute set of values but against functionally derived minimum sizes .

It is envisaged that in a practical system a number of sub-domains may be declared with a component during its design , each monitoring differing aspects or regions of the model .
it is envisaged that in a practical system a number of sub-domains may be declared with a [part] during its design , each monitoring differing aspects or regions of the model .

These may be `` laid in `` by the designer himself , and evoked during the initial concept stage or during the component verification or inspection stage .
these may be `` laid in `` by the designer himself , and evoked during the initial concept stage or during the [part] verification or inspection stage .

It is knowledge of these required functions that allows the designer to turn that space into a performing component .
it is knowledge of these required functions that allows the designer to turn that space into a performing [part] .

Component drawings carry instructions on where they are used and from what they are made .
[part] drawings carry instructions on where they are used and from what they are made .

This function is then specified and identifiable in the intersection of the fields both at assembly level ( see Figure 3.3 ) and as relations between individual component parts ( see Figure 3.4 ) .
this function is then specified and identifiable in the intersection of the fields both at assembly level ( see figure 3.3 ) and as relations between individual [part] parts ( see figure 3.4 ) .

Such an approach rightly requires the design of a component to be conducted with due consideration to its functional operation , both at an elemental and global level .
such an approach rightly requires the design of a [part] to be conducted with due consideration to its functional operation , both at an elemental and global level .

Information on the necessary form of a component is first passed down from an assembly arrangement .
information on the necessary form of a [part] is first passed down from an assembly arrangement .

It is convenient to define the geometric domain as a local orthogonal space that will just contain the component part .
it is convenient to define the geometric domain as a local orthogonal space that will just contain the [part] part .

Once the orthogonal spaces have been interpreted into the local component state then any suitable geometric model can be entered into `` its geometric domain .
once the orthogonal spaces have been interpreted into the local [part] state then any suitable geometric model can be entered into `` its geometric domain .

It may arise because a space has been reserved for an , as yet , undefined component or because the person initiating the search has no authority to see the information contained within that domain .
it may arise because a space has been reserved for an , as yet , undefined [part] or because the person initiating the search has no authority to see the information contained within that domain .

Should the change in relationships bring about an unexpected clash with yet another component domain , then it may be sufficient to display only the excursion boxes .
should the change in relationships bring about an unexpected clash with yet another [part] domain , then it may be sufficient to display only the excursion boxes .

If each component part is uniquely defined then the relationship is simple and can be held in a hierarchical data base .
if each [part] part is uniquely defined then the relationship is simple and can be held in a hierarchical data base .

To establish how many suppliers exist the data must be extracted from each component file and correlated .
to establish how many suppliers exist the data must be extracted from each [part] file and correlated .

It is envisaged that this section will contain text files ( instructions from the designer , component purchasing details , etc ) , equations for calculating features and relationships , as well as pictorial data .
it is envisaged that this section will contain text files ( instructions from the designer , [part] purchasing details , etc ) , equations for calculating features and relationships , as well as pictorial data .

In addition to the part number , quantity and description/classification details , the data base also stores the component 's positioned space , size and its functional relationship to other components .
in addition to the part number , quantity and description/classification details , the data base also stores the [part] 's positioned space , size and its functional relationship to other components .

The third constraint is observed by controlling the design process at sub-assembly stage , echoing the relevant design data into component part technical sub-files and the geometric size and spacing into the relevant spatial files .
the third constraint is observed by controlling the design process at sub-assembly stage , echoing the relevant design data into [part] part technical sub-files and the geometric size and spacing into the relevant spatial files .

Product Control , Component Identification and Reduction of Variety
product control , [part] identification and reduction of variety

Once he has identified the extremities of the part he wishes to detail , all the data lying outside of the component `` box `` is removed and the single item ( in this case piece 2 ) appears as seen in Figure 6.17 .
once he has identified the extremities of the part he wishes to detail , all the data lying outside of the [part] `` box `` is removed and the single item ( in this case piece 2 ) appears as seen in figure 6.17 .

Variable parts consist of a base component and variable component , in this case the head and shank of a rivet , the variability being the shank length .
variable parts consist of a base [part] and variable [part] , in this case the head and shank of a rivet , the variability being the shank length .

To view either part the variable component drawing file is accessed , which in turn regenerates the base component file to present the whole part .
to view either part the variable [part] drawing file is accessed , which in turn regenerates the base [part] file to present the whole part .

As was the case when component assembly was considered , it has been found necessary to identify a set of functional associations for each intersection of component spaces .
as was the case when [part] assembly was considered , it has been found necessary to identify a set of functional associations for each intersection of [part] spaces .

If none occur in that intersection , procedures for checking on component clash are initiated .
if none occur in that intersection , procedures for checking on [part] clash are initiated .

The spatial modelling approach uses the local spaces to represent the physical arrangement of primary points within each component and then employs the associative procedures to establish and maintain their geometric assembly .
the spatial modelling approach uses the local spaces to represent the physical arrangement of primary points within each [part] and then employs the associative procedures to establish and maintain their geometric assembly .

Both started from the concept that each component in the system is defined as a separate item within the data base , and is drawn in its own local space domain .
both started from the concept that each [part] in the system is defined as a separate item within the data base , and is drawn in its own local space domain .

The first approach was to insert each component , at each frame , into a reference space and manipulate them to generate the desired assembly ( shown conceptually in Figure 7.2 ) .
the first approach was to insert each [part] , at each frame , into a reference space and manipulate them to generate the desired assembly ( shown conceptually in figure 7.2 ) .

The second was to allow any component to be inserted into any other space , including that of other components , and the attachments specified ( see Figure 7.3 ) .
the second was to allow any [part] to be inserted into any other space , including that of other components , and the attachments specified ( see figure 7.3 ) .

Each design can be modified by the manufacturing and assembly tolerances of the component parts in order to establish the extremes of the physical envelope .
each design can be modified by the manufacturing and assembly tolerances of the [part] parts in order to establish the extremes of the physical envelope .

Component Parts
[part] parts

As each component was later to be assembled into the complete working mechanism , care was taken in laying out the details in order to reduce the manipulation that is necessary at a later stage .
as each [part] was later to be assembled into the complete working mechanism , care was taken in laying out the details in order to reduce the manipulation that is necessary at a later stage .

The designer must in this case provide the six displacement and rotation vectors to transform the model from its drawn space , into the reference for the component within the complete machine .
the designer must in this case provide the six displacement and rotation vectors to transform the model from its drawn space , into the reference for the [part] within the complete machine .

As it is necessary during the assembly of certain components ( such as links ) to rotate them about their assembly points so they can mate with other constrained linkages , the original component drawing should also carry suitable construction arcs struck from the assembly point and passing through the linkage pin point .
as it is necessary during the assembly of certain components ( such as links ) to rotate them about their assembly points so they can mate with other constrained linkages , the original [part] drawing should also carry suitable construction arcs struck from the assembly point and passing through the linkage pin point .

Component Assembly
[part] assembly

The definition of a component within its own local space , with discrete attachments to other spaces , is seen firstly to conform to observations of the real world .
the definition of a [part] within its own local space , with discrete attachments to other spaces , is seen firstly to conform to observations of the real world .

In order to overcome the problems of a mechanism becoming inadvertently disassembled by component changes , the development of an automated associative procedure was considered .
in order to overcome the problems of a mechanism becoming inadvertently disassembled by [part] changes , the development of an automated associative procedure was considered .

Here , each component is established within its own local space , allowing modifications and additions to be made to each model independently .
here , each [part] is established within its own local space , allowing modifications and additions to be made to each model independently .

The program procedures then allow each component to be positioned within any other space according to nine controlling freedoms ( the six normal kinematic freedoms and three additional values of orthogonal scale ) .
the program procedures then allow each [part] to be positioned within any other space according to nine controlling freedoms ( the six normal kinematic freedoms and three additional values of orthogonal scale ) .

By relying on circular symmetry we can further claim that the electric field will have only a radial component which means that , where is the azimuth angle in the cylindrical coordinate system .
by relying on circular symmetry we can further claim that the electric field will have only a radial [part] which means that , where is the azimuth angle in the cylindrical coordinate system .

The only component of the electric field is in the z direction ( the others must be zero by symmetry considerations ) .
the only [part] of the electric field is in the z direction ( the others must be zero by symmetry considerations ) .

There is now cylindrical symmetry and a net charge per unit length , yielding for the radial component of the electric field .
there is now cylindrical symmetry and a net charge per unit length , yielding for the radial [part] of the electric field .

The tangential component of the electric field along the wire .
the tangential [part] of the electric field along the wire .

As we know , by the time Gen Robertson came to draft his order Gen Keightley had reported to Gen McCreery that large component of Loehr 's forces approaching Austria was 200,000 Croat troops .
as we know , by the time gen robertson came to draft his order gen keightley had reported to gen mccreery that large [part] of loehr 's forces approaching austria was 200,000 croat troops .

Fibre is the indigestible component of our diet , almost always derived from vegetable produce , and it is those components of the diet that can not be broken down by the digestive system which in turn pass into the large bowel and contribute to the bulk of faecal waste matter .
fibre is the indigestible [part] of our diet , almost always derived from vegetable produce , and it is those components of the diet that can not be broken down by the digestive system which in turn pass into the large bowel and contribute to the bulk of faecal waste matter .

The variables x and y relate to poloidal potentials and a toroidal magnetic field component , and z is related to the moment of angular momentum .
the variables x and y relate to poloidal potentials and a toroidal magnetic field [part] , and z is related to the moment of angular momentum .

Considering simply the non-adult component of ( 11 ) above , measure the new growth of shell since the mark .
considering simply the non-adult [part] of ( 11 ) above , measure the new growth of shell since the mark .

This is part of a wider public policy in relation to health care , where Primary Health Care is being seen as the central component of the Health Care System and an accepted general principle that Health problems be dealt with at the lowest level of complexity , and acknowledges that a well-informed , well-motivated participating community is necessary for the achievement of health targets .
this is part of a wider public policy in relation to health care , where primary health care is being seen as the central [part] of the health care system and an accepted general principle that health problems be dealt with at the lowest level of complexity , and acknowledges that a well-informed , well-motivated participating community is necessary for the achievement of health targets .

Public Health Nursing is still to a large extent task-oriented and the findings in a survey of the work load of the Public Health Nurse in Ireland in 1986 showed that only a small percentage of time ( 0.2 % ) was spent directly on health education , although it is acknowledged that health promotion is a component of tasks and policy in all aspects of their role .
public health nursing is still to a large extent task-oriented and the findings in a survey of the work load of the public health nurse in ireland in 1986 showed that only a small percentage of time ( 0.2 % ) was spent directly on health education , although it is acknowledged that health promotion is a [part] of tasks and policy in all aspects of their role .

Alix was not sufficiently numerate to be able to calculate the odds against such an apparently odd relationship , though she could not help but feel that its component , accidental parts were startlingly combined .
alix was not sufficiently numerate to be able to calculate the odds against such an apparently odd relationship , though she could not help but feel that its [part] , accidental parts were startlingly combined .

The theory goes that the Americans were worried at the thought of Iraq breaking up into its component parts , and decided it would be safer if they left Saddam where he was , and even helped him to become stronger .
the theory goes that the americans were worried at the thought of iraq breaking up into its [part] parts , and decided it would be safer if they left saddam where he was , and even helped him to become stronger .

Production also involves a technical component known as the ‘ forces of production ’ which includes the technology , raw materials and scientific knowledge employed in the process of production .
production also involves a technical [part] known as the ‘ forces of production ’ which includes the technology , raw materials and scientific knowledge employed in the process of production .

Since it is generally agreed that intelligence has a genetic component , can it not be argued that social inequality has a biological basis ?
since it is generally agreed that intelligence has a genetic [part] , can it not be argued that social inequality has a biological basis ?

They form a component of some social stratification systems simply because members of those systems select certain characteristics and evaluate them in a particular way .
they form a [part] of some social stratification systems simply because members of those systems select certain characteristics and evaluate them in a particular way .

If value consensus is an essential component of all societies , then it follows that some form of stratification will result from the ranking of individuals in terms of common values .
if value consensus is an essential [part] of all societies , then it follows that some form of stratification will result from the ranking of individuals in terms of common values .

He analysed projectile motion by resolving the motion of a projectile into a horizontal component moving with a constant velocity obeying his law of inertia , and a vertical component subject to a constant acceleration downwards .
he analysed projectile motion by resolving the motion of a projectile into a horizontal [part] moving with a constant velocity obeying his law of inertia , and a vertical [part] subject to a constant acceleration downwards .

Can one really strip away the lexical component leaving behind a non-verbal residue which has nothing to do with communication in words ?
can one really strip away the lexical [part] leaving behind a non-verbal residue which has nothing to do with communication in words ?

The fact that one can commit words to paper without any apparent loss of intelligibility suggests that there is , in fact , a clean division between the lexical and the non-verbal component of human communication , and that the so-called kinesic variables such as facial expression , posture , and hand movements are just optional extras .
the fact that one can commit words to paper without any apparent loss of intelligibility suggests that there is , in fact , a clean division between the lexical and the non-verbal [part] of human communication , and that the so-called kinesic variables such as facial expression , posture , and hand movements are just optional extras .

Within manufacture , the precise form of division depends in the first instance on the historical precursors of the capitalistic form of production in the given branch of industry — whether the ‘ manufacturer ’ ( a ) draws together previously separate trades into one workshop to produce a common product or ( b ) splits up a previously unified craft production process into its component tasks .
within manufacture , the precise form of division depends in the first instance on the historical precursors of the capitalistic form of production in the given branch of industry — whether the ‘ manufacturer ’ ( a ) draws together previously separate trades into one workshop to produce a common product or ( b ) splits up a previously unified craft production process into its [part] tasks .

In the context of the mobilisation and assertiveness of organised labour under Heath 's government , the industrial policy proposals became charged with a stronger element of workers ' control which was seen as an essential component of the ‘ planning agreements ’ to be made with large enterprises , and vital to their enforcement .
in the context of the mobilisation and assertiveness of organised labour under heath 's government , the industrial policy proposals became charged with a stronger element of workers ' control which was seen as an essential [part] of the ‘ planning agreements ’ to be made with large enterprises , and vital to their enforcement .

Rarity is another component of value and with this often went derivation from distant sources .
rarity is another [part] of value and with this often went derivation from distant sources .

Figure 38 The Sceptre with the Cross , a component of the British Crown Jewels , incorporating the Star of Africa , at 530.20 carats the largest cut diamond in the world ( Crown Copyright ) .
figure 38 the sceptre with the cross , a [part] of the british crown jewels , incorporating the star of africa , at 530.20 carats the largest cut diamond in the world ( crown copyright ) .

We can agree with the orthodox account on many details concerning the component factors of the crisis .
we can agree with the orthodox account on many details concerning the [part] factors of the crisis .

Hall sees law and order ideology as an important component of what he calls ‘ authoritarian populism ’ , which in turn constituted an important component of the political phenomenon of ‘ Thatcherism ’ .
hall sees law and order ideology as an important [part] of what he calls ‘ authoritarian populism ’ , which in turn constituted an important [part] of the political phenomenon of ‘ thatcherism ’ .

The production of this consent is one vital task for the state , and one necessary component of the continual reproduction of existing social relations .
the production of this consent is one vital task for the state , and one necessary [part] of the continual reproduction of existing social relations .

The image of the planet receded and Tarvaras was suddenly a component of a larger system .
the image of the planet receded and tarvaras was suddenly a [part] of a larger system .

Nevertheless social policy expenditure as a whole has grown , driven upwards by the considerable growth in its major component , the social security budget .
nevertheless social policy expenditure as a whole has grown , driven upwards by the considerable growth in its major [part] , the social security budget .

The government departments to which attention must be given in the discussion of social policy in England ( the different situation in the other component countries of the United Kingdom is outlined later ) are the Treasury , the Department of Health and Social Security , the Department of the Environment , the Department of Education and Science and the Department of Employment .
the government departments to which attention must be given in the discussion of social policy in england ( the different situation in the other [part] countries of the united kingdom is outlined later ) are the treasury , the department of health and social security , the department of the environment , the department of education and science and the department of employment .

Cases reported here were associated with 50 µg oestrogen combined pills , mostly before this risk was recognised ; it remains to be seen whether 30 µg pills are safer , but as the progestogen component may carry a greater hypertensive risk than the oestrogen component all cases still need careful follow up at not less than three monthly intervals .
cases reported here were associated with 50 µg oestrogen combined pills , mostly before this risk was recognised ; it remains to be seen whether 30 µg pills are safer , but as the progestogen [part] may carry a greater hypertensive risk than the oestrogen [part] all cases still need careful follow up at not less than three monthly intervals .

The final component in calculating compensation is weekly pay levels .
the final [part] in calculating compensation is weekly pay levels .

While it is doubtless heretical to question the divine rightness of ‘ market forces ’ , the endless and accelerating stream of virtually identical glib and glossy gardening , health , food and animal books puzzle those of us who still see books as rather more than just one more colour co-ordinated component in the interior decorator 's armoury . Does the keen gardener really need or want ( and will she or he actually buy ) The Complete All-Colour , Organic , No-Weed Patio Wildflower Guide ? And into how many positions can couples contort themselves on the covers of sex guides ?
while it is doubtless heretical to question the divine rightness of ‘ market forces ’ , the endless and accelerating stream of virtually identical glib and glossy gardening , health , food and animal books puzzle those of us who still see books as rather more than just one more colour co-ordinated [part] in the interior decorator 's armoury . does the keen gardener really need or want ( and will she or he actually buy ) the complete all-colour , organic , no-weed patio wildflower guide ? and into how many positions can couples contort themselves on the covers of sex guides ?

there 's no decent hardware documentation , just the usual collection of incomprehensible component manuals .
there 's no decent hardware documentation , just the usual collection of incomprehensible [part] manuals .

In addition , the characteristic heat stability of the hTFIIA protein was used to characterize the stimulating component .
in addition , the characteristic heat stability of the htfiia protein was used to characterize the stimulating [part] .

The zonula adherens is characterised by a cortical ring of cytoskeleton , the major component of which is actin .
the zonula adherens is characterised by a cortical ring of cytoskeleton , the major [part] of which is actin .

Meaningful discussion depends on sound methodology and the availability of appropriate data on these component risks .
meaningful discussion depends on sound methodology and the availability of appropriate data on these [part] risks .

As many congenital abnormalities can be prevented , these developmental defects should not be considered an irreducible component of perinatal mortality .
as many congenital abnormalities can be prevented , these developmental defects should not be considered an irreducible [part] of perinatal mortality .

We must push ahead with our efforts to develop in practice the concept of the health promoting school , including its essential educational component , and evaluate the effectiveness of these efforts .
we must push ahead with our efforts to develop in practice the concept of the health promoting school , including its essential educational [part] , and evaluate the effectiveness of these efforts .

Rather , the data suggest that conferral of authorship may sometimes have a volitional component which contributes to rising author numbers .
rather , the data suggest that conferral of authorship may sometimes have a volitional [part] which contributes to rising author numbers .

Secondly , the apparent occurrence of a rapid fall from six to seven authors seen in some journals suggests that conferral of authorship may sometimes have a volitional component .
secondly , the apparent occurrence of a rapid fall from six to seven authors seen in some journals suggests that conferral of authorship may sometimes have a volitional [part] .

Case managers might give direct care to clients , in a model that emphasises the staff-patient relationship as the key component through which effective care is channelled , in the tradition of social case work .
case managers might give direct care to clients , in a model that emphasises the staff-patient relationship as the key [part] through which effective care is channelled , in the tradition of social case work .

For example , the informal decision making that is a component of ‘ surgical signatures ’ and ‘ practice style ’ can be made explicit by use of clinical judgment analysis and related techniques , which set the basis for variations in diagnostic and therapeutic judgment on a statistically firm footing .
for example , the informal decision making that is a [part] of ‘ surgical signatures ’ and ‘ practice style ’ can be made explicit by use of clinical judgment analysis and related techniques , which set the basis for variations in diagnostic and therapeutic judgment on a statistically firm footing .

For it was the people of the three original founding cantons , Uri , Schwyz and Unterwalden , who took the first steps to free themselves from external domination and start what was to become an independent confederation of communities , unified in a unique fashion , which in their early years were mostly called simply the Confederates but later became known as Schweizer after the name of one of the original component areas , Schwyz .
for it was the people of the three original founding cantons , uri , schwyz and unterwalden , who took the first steps to free themselves from external domination and start what was to become an independent confederation of communities , unified in a unique fashion , which in their early years were mostly called simply the confederates but later became known as schweizer after the name of one of the original [part] areas , schwyz .

The outreach work and support to carers is seen as a major component and a worker on qualified social worker grade is provided specifically for the project .
the outreach work and support to carers is seen as a major [part] and a worker on qualified social worker grade is provided specifically for the project .

Maplin Electronics , one of Europe 's largest electronic component suppliers , has introduced a range of three tripods which all have fluid controlled tilt and pan dampers .
maplin electronics , one of europe 's largest electronic [part] suppliers , has introduced a range of three tripods which all have fluid controlled tilt and pan dampers .

The type of research , including its clinical component , may well influence future career choice and opportunity .
the type of research , including its clinical [part] , may well influence future career choice and opportunity .

But the essence of re-engineering — taking a strategic view of the component functions of a business , stripping some out and streamlining others with inter-disciplinary teams and more effective use of technology — has long been under way in a number of companies .
but the essence of re-engineering — taking a strategic view of the [part] functions of a business , stripping some out and streamlining others with inter-disciplinary teams and more effective use of technology — has long been under way in a number of companies .

Thus a familial component is unlikely to be a confounding variable between gestational age and wheeze in children .
thus a familial [part] is unlikely to be a confounding variable between gestational age and wheeze in children .

Similar criticisms are made by Duncan ( 1982 ) and Mingione ( 1981 ) who points out the ‘ autonomy ’ component of Althusserian structuralism .
similar criticisms are made by duncan ( 1982 ) and mingione ( 1981 ) who points out the ‘ autonomy ’ [part] of althusserian structuralism .

To assign a role to culture is not to resolve the problems of structure versus action because the here and now culture , whatever its foundations in historical action , can be regarded as a component of social structure in a general sense .
to assign a role to culture is not to resolve the problems of structure versus action because the here and now culture , whatever its foundations in historical action , can be regarded as a [part] of social structure in a general sense .

This introduction of tenure as a component of planning policy was not wholly new .
this introduction of tenure as a [part] of planning policy was not wholly new .

This segregation of the sexes in paid employment may be considered to have both a vertical and a horizontal component .
this segregation of the sexes in paid employment may be considered to have both a vertical and a horizontal [part] .

Contentious business is work involving litigation , while non-contentious business is the rest of the solicitor 's work of which the most important component will be conveyancing and probate work .
contentious business is work involving litigation , while non-contentious business is the rest of the solicitor 's work of which the most important [part] will be conveyancing and probate work .

This is the simplest component of legal aid , but alterations and adjustments to it make it best to think of it as encompassing a number of different types of help .
this is the simplest [part] of legal aid , but alterations and adjustments to it make it best to think of it as encompassing a number of different types of help .

It builds in a cumulative temporal structure to the index , in that the hearer must continually update the information in his previous discourse component , to take account of what has most recently been added .
it builds in a cumulative temporal structure to the index , in that the hearer must continually update the information in his previous discourse [part] , to take account of what has most recently been added .

‘ Apart from the tiny genetic component , it has everything to do with Madame Chardin 's establishment .
‘ apart from the tiny genetic [part] , it has everything to do with madame chardin 's establishment .

Many learning systems have a problem solving component of this form .
many learning systems have a problem solving [part] of this form .

Each component of the partition is a cluster , and the algorithm is intended to find clusters which are as far apart as possible .
each [part] of the partition is a cluster , and the algorithm is intended to find clusters which are as far apart as possible .

‘ The form of the order assumes the familiar analysis of the tort of negligence into its three component elements , viz .
‘ the form of the order assumes the familiar analysis of the tort of negligence into its three [part] elements , viz .

Winning Soling regattas with a match racing component had given these two Olympic gold medallists enough points in the rankings table to be invited to Auckland .
winning soling regattas with a match racing [part] had given these two olympic gold medallists enough points in the rankings table to be invited to auckland .

Every show has a strong educational component built into it and Precious is also planning an overall strategy , ‘ Art as Education ’ .
every show has a strong educational [part] built into it and precious is also planning an overall strategy , ‘ art as education ’ .

But when one sees the whole lot in full flower all at once in one individual or in the whole family , one comes to accept the concept of denial as a prime component of `` the family illness `` in which the family member is addicted to self-denial and caretaking for primary sufferer and even ( amazingly and hotly denied ) addicted to the continuation of the status-quo despite all its desperate features , just as the primary sufferer is addicted to the continuation of his or her own drinking or drug use despite its desperately damaging consequences .
but when one sees the whole lot in full flower all at once in one individual or in the whole family , one comes to accept the concept of denial as a prime [part] of `` the family illness `` in which the family member is addicted to self-denial and caretaking for primary sufferer and even ( amazingly and hotly denied ) addicted to the continuation of the status-quo despite all its desperate features , just as the primary sufferer is addicted to the continuation of his or her own drinking or drug use despite its desperately damaging consequences .

It certainly seems probable that addictive disease has a genetic element although the strength of that genetic component may vary considerably from one individual to another just as the intensity of short sight or other conditions that are genetically linked may vary in different individuals .
it certainly seems probable that addictive disease has a genetic element although the strength of that genetic [part] may vary considerably from one individual to another just as the intensity of short sight or other conditions that are genetically linked may vary in different individuals .

They have not yet accepted the defeat that is the essential component of the first of the 12 steps .
they have not yet accepted the defeat that is the essential [part] of the first of the 12 steps .

Caffeine , nicotine and alcohol are major culprits because they make blood vessels contract . Do n't forget that caffeine is n't just found in tea and coffee — it 's a major component of cola drinks and chocolate , whether in a cup or a box !
caffeine , nicotine and alcohol are major culprits because they make blood vessels contract . do n't forget that caffeine is n't just found in tea and coffee — it 's a major [part] of cola drinks and chocolate , whether in a cup or a box !

Also timing on the outbound leg must be increased or decreased if there is a head or tailwind component by one second for each knot .
also timing on the outbound leg must be increased or decreased if there is a head or tailwind [part] by one second for each knot .

On such patterns the still air time of 1 minute is increased or decreased by 1 second for each knot of wind component .
on such patterns the still air time of 1 minute is increased or decreased by 1 second for each knot of wind [part] .

So , if you have a head wind component of 30 kts then timing for a 1 minute leg would be increased by 30 seconds .
so , if you have a head wind [part] of 30 kts then timing for a 1 minute leg would be increased by 30 seconds .

Similarly a tail wind component of 30 kts would require the still air time of 1 minute to be reduced by 30 seconds .
similarly a tail wind [part] of 30 kts would require the still air time of 1 minute to be reduced by 30 seconds .

Lower speeds could require between 1 and 2 seconds for each knot of wind component .
lower speeds could require between 1 and 2 seconds for each knot of wind [part] .

Compensation for time is to allow — on a 1 minute hold — one second for each knot of head or tailwind component .
compensation for time is to allow — on a 1 minute hold — one second for each knot of head or tailwind [part] .

For example , in diagram 27 there is a head wind component of 14 kts on the outbound leg , so the outbound time would be 1 minute 14 seconds .
for example , in diagram 27 there is a head wind [part] of 14 kts on the outbound leg , so the outbound time would be 1 minute 14 seconds .

The outbound leg is adjusted for single drift , and is flown 1 minute < +- ; > 1 second for each knot of head or tail wind component .
the outbound leg is adjusted for single drift , and is flown 1 minute < +- ; > 1 second for each knot of head or tail wind [part] .

The outbound time of 1 minute was increased by 30 seconds to allow for the 30 kt wind component .
the outbound time of 1 minute was increased by 30 seconds to allow for the 30 kt wind [part] .

Each word has component parts which can be traced back to one of 800 roots .
each word has [part] parts which can be traced back to one of 800 roots .

Some respondents could only visualize facial cleanliness ( a key component of personal appearance ) in terms of cleansing with lotions applied with cotton wool .
some respondents could only visualize facial cleanliness ( a key [part] of personal appearance ) in terms of cleansing with lotions applied with cotton wool .

Segmentation starts with the notion that a `` global `` analysis of total market demand needs to be broken down into its component parts .
segmentation starts with the notion that a `` global `` analysis of total market demand needs to be broken down into its [part] parts .

The various elements or component activities which make up each of the four Marketing Mix categories are interdependent .
the various elements or [part] activities which make up each of the four marketing mix categories are interdependent .

In the mask-like head of the figure on the extreme left , for instance , Picasso has shown an almost sculptural interest in reducing the forms of the face to their simplest component parts .
in the mask-like head of the figure on the extreme left , for instance , picasso has shown an almost sculptural interest in reducing the forms of the face to their simplest [part] parts .

Because the eye is allowed no escape at the top of the canvas we are also forced to ‘ read ’ the picture downwards again , through its component geometricized elements , with the result that they seem to advance towards us .
because the eye is allowed no escape at the top of the canvas we are also forced to ‘ read ’ the picture downwards again , through its [part] geometricized elements , with the result that they seem to advance towards us .

In the more sculptural , formal , Negroid paintings the starting point for the investigation of form had been the logical or rational division of the human form and face into their component parts .
in the more sculptural , formal , negroid paintings the starting point for the investigation of form had been the logical or rational division of the human form and face into their [part] parts .

Again , for didactic ease , the argument is best broken down into its component parts .
again , for didactic ease , the argument is best broken down into its [part] parts .

Put simply , a transistor is a small , crystal-based component , which switches or amplifies small amounts of electric current between circuits .
put simply , a transistor is a small , crystal-based [part] , which switches or amplifies small amounts of electric current between circuits .

This kind of component is much smaller and more reliable than a valve , which was the earliest form of electronic switch .
this kind of [part] is much smaller and more reliable than a valve , which was the earliest form of electronic switch .

Where the Purchasing Manager 's particular expertise comes into its own is in the presentation and evaluation of purchasing alternatives , or in the assessment of whether to make or buy a particular product or component .
where the purchasing manager 's particular expertise comes into its own is in the presentation and evaluation of purchasing alternatives , or in the assessment of whether to make or buy a particular product or [part] .

The relative importance of the component acids in precipitation varies spatially and temporally , but in general similar values apply in eastern North America and Europe .
the relative importance of the [part] acids in precipitation varies spatially and temporally , but in general similar values apply in eastern north america and europe .

The major source of radiation to which people are exposed is the natural environmental component ( table 5.5 ) .
the major source of radiation to which people are exposed is the natural environmental [part] ( table 5.5 ) .

‘ Pure ’ sciences in the first half of the century were those without an empirical component , such as mathematics and logic ; everything else , whether immediately useful or not , was ‘ mixed ’ science .
‘ pure ’ sciences in the first half of the century were those without an empirical [part] , such as mathematics and logic ; everything else , whether immediately useful or not , was ‘ mixed ’ science .

The very serious policy implications of decisions in this field make theory a major component , even if unacknowledged , of errors and successes that are suffered or enjoyed by the population of peripheral areas .
the very serious policy implications of decisions in this field make theory a major [part] , even if unacknowledged , of errors and successes that are suffered or enjoyed by the population of peripheral areas .

Ungar and his group went on to endeavour to purify the component in the brain extract which , they claimed , carried the information about fear of the dark ’ .
ungar and his group went on to endeavour to purify the [part] in the brain extract which , they claimed , carried the information about fear of the dark ’ .

This process of maturation from ahumic to organic soils takes hundreds or thousands of years ; time is an important component ( Ugolini , 1986 ) .
this process of maturation from ahumic to organic soils takes hundreds or thousands of years ; time is an important [part] ( ugolini , 1986 ) .

Diatoms of diameter greater than 35 um are a prominent component of phytoplankton at either end of the earth , and until recently were thought to provide most of the primary production .
diatoms of diameter greater than 35 um are a prominent [part] of phytoplankton at either end of the earth , and until recently were thought to provide most of the primary production .

In the view of El-Sayed ( 1987 ) , one of Antarctica 's leading marine biologists , ‘ the picoplankton are a very important but highly variable component of the Antarctic marine ecosystem ’ .
in the view of el-sayed ( 1987 ) , one of antarctica 's leading marine biologists , ‘ the picoplankton are a very important but highly variable [part] of the antarctic marine ecosystem ’ .

We have seen that gifts of time , skills and even blood can be a significant component in the income of social service organisations , especially in the personal social service field .
we have seen that gifts of time , skills and even blood can be a significant [part] in the income of social service organisations , especially in the personal social service field .

When she does finally succumb to Howard 's advances , her identity crumbles into its component parts .
when she does finally succumb to howard 's advances , her identity crumbles into its [part] parts .

In particular , the technical panels set up to consider workplans for the administrative networks component of telematics are currently in suspension , but the Commission has urged that replies to the questionnaires should still be sent in since these will be worked on and evaluated in the meantime .
in particular , the technical panels set up to consider workplans for the administrative networks [part] of telematics are currently in suspension , but the commission has urged that replies to the questionnaires should still be sent in since these will be worked on and evaluated in the meantime .

Housing is an important component of welfare : it is difficult to imagine anything more damaging to an individual 's welfare than the lack of somewhere to live , and this is especially so in the case of families with young children and elderly people .
housing is an important [part] of welfare : it is difficult to imagine anything more damaging to an individual 's welfare than the lack of somewhere to live , and this is especially so in the case of families with young children and elderly people .

It is clear that consumerism — including self-advocacy and citizen-advocacy — is going to be an important component of community care in the future .
it is clear that consumerism — including self-advocacy and citizen-advocacy — is going to be an important [part] of community care in the future .

Relaxation is an important and often ignored component of both physical and mental fitness .
relaxation is an important and often ignored [part] of both physical and mental fitness .

Western strategists will have to redraw their plans to include Iran as a key component in a new security structure , however , great Saudi resistance or United States distaste to this may be .
western strategists will have to redraw their plans to include iran as a key [part] in a new security structure , however , great saudi resistance or united states distaste to this may be .

It is seen as being a vital component in the effort to regenerate the rural economy in North Wales .
it is seen as being a vital [part] in the effort to regenerate the rural economy in north wales .

The senior component of what became The East Surrey Regiment under the 1881 Cardwell Reforms had been raised in Huntingdonshire in 1702 as The 31st Regiment of Foot .
the senior [part] of what became the east surrey regiment under the 1881 cardwell reforms had been raised in huntingdonshire in 1702 as the 31st regiment of foot .

in domestic service , was a component of this and fell continuously throughout the century beginning in 1850 .
in domestic service , was a [part] of this and fell continuously throughout the century beginning in 1850 .

This investment of £728 million was expected in 1988 to provide only 3,000 additional jobs , mainly in component firms .
this investment of £728 million was expected in 1988 to provide only 3,000 additional jobs , mainly in [part] firms .

An emphasis on the racial component in health maintenance marked a significant development within contemporary medical knowledge .
an emphasis on the racial [part] in health maintenance marked a significant development within contemporary medical knowledge .

, the language component of initial training courses seems the ideal arena in which to bring together these perspectives .
, the language [part] of initial training courses seems the ideal arena in which to bring together these perspectives .

Changes in initial training , like the introduction of the 100 hour language component , will inevitably affect the in-service training needs of teachers .
changes in initial training , like the introduction of the 100 hour language [part] , will inevitably affect the in-service training needs of teachers .

Language development in a multi ethnic context , a required component of a post-experience diploma , Teaching in the Multi- Ethnic School .
language development in a multi ethnic context , a required [part] of a post-experience diploma , teaching in the multi- ethnic school .

Syllabus for the Language component of Prescribed Subject course in English for the B.Ed . degree
syllabus for the language [part] of prescribed subject course in english for the b.ed . degree

Language as an expression of ideologies and a component of conflict .
language as an expression of ideologies and a [part] of conflict .

The second component , upon which students embark immediately , is the ‘ Curriculum Course ’ .
the second [part] , upon which students embark immediately , is the ‘ curriculum course ’ .

The final component which this paper describes are the Professional Studies Courses in Language work .
the final [part] which this paper describes are the professional studies courses in language work .

Language is also a required component in all course files ( the mathematics file , the nursery file etc . )
language is also a required [part] in all course files ( the mathematics file , the nursery file etc . )

This course component will adopt both a theoretical and a practical approach .
this course [part] will adopt both a theoretical and a practical approach .

The kind of areas that will be covered in this course component are types of schools , their structure , management and ethos , the roles and expectations of both teachers and pupils , teachers ' working conditions and status , pastoral care and discipline .
the kind of areas that will be covered in this course [part] are types of schools , their structure , management and ethos , the roles and expectations of both teachers and pupils , teachers ' working conditions and status , pastoral care and discipline .

For the centre of the metropolis the aim was to define the function of the various component parts and , while making them more efficient and dignified , to free them from damaging intrusion .
for the centre of the metropolis the aim was to define the function of the various [part] parts and , while making them more efficient and dignified , to free them from damaging intrusion .

After his selection and Police College training he 'd been slightly surprised to find himself not to be a component of an irresistibly righteous machine , but a member of an organisation that was as flawed and human as any other .
after his selection and police college training he 'd been slightly surprised to find himself not to be a [part] of an irresistibly righteous machine , but a member of an organisation that was as flawed and human as any other .

Natural history certainly had a strong amateur component , but this continued throughout the century .
natural history certainly had a strong amateur [part] , but this continued throughout the century .

An implant is far more than the simple visual component .
an implant is far more than the simple visual [part] .

It is a recognized component of rituals of healing we can still see being practised by the wise men , witch doctors and shamans in ‘ primitive ’ societies and sometimes in the spiritual healing work of evangelical preachers .
it is a recognized [part] of rituals of healing we can still see being practised by the wise men , witch doctors and shamans in ‘ primitive ’ societies and sometimes in the spiritual healing work of evangelical preachers .

The component parts needed to make a desktop publishing system on any computer are as follows .
the [part] parts needed to make a desktop publishing system on any computer are as follows .

The main component of the Light Rifle System is the electronic target pistol which is connected to the computer by a generous length of lead .
the main [part] of the light rifle system is the electronic target pistol which is connected to the computer by a generous length of lead .

The main exponents of this approach — writers like Hyman , Beynon and Fox — all take conflict to be a major structural component of employment ; although we should also note that sociology in fact has a longer tradition of exploring the distinctive problems of explanation and understanding associated with industrial conflict ( eg .
the main exponents of this approach — writers like hyman , beynon and fox — all take conflict to be a major structural [part] of employment ; although we should also note that sociology in fact has a longer tradition of exploring the distinctive problems of explanation and understanding associated with industrial conflict ( eg .

He is a master of cogency of overall planning , deploying cantus firmus technique and the alternation of reduced-voice and full scoring with an effortless artistry that wholly conceals the fact that several compositions stand upon an elaborately mathematical disposition of their successive and component proportions .
he is a master of cogency of overall planning , deploying cantus firmus technique and the alternation of reduced-voice and full scoring with an effortless artistry that wholly conceals the fact that several compositions stand upon an elaborately mathematical disposition of their successive and [part] proportions .

’ , your ability to answer will depend on communication from the phonological input lexicon ( used to understand the words we say to you ) to the semantic component of the lexicon ( containing information about the meaning of the words ) .
’ , your ability to answer will depend on communication from the phonological input lexicon ( used to understand the words we say to you ) to the semantic [part] of the lexicon ( containing information about the meaning of the words ) .

The component labelled logogen system is a collection of logogens , one logogen for each word known to the person whose logogen system this is .
the [part] labelled logogen system is a collection of logogens , one logogen for each word known to the person whose logogen system this is .

If long-term priming of visually presented words arises within a visual word-recognition system , not within a semantic or phonological component of the mental lexicon , then of course one needs to postulate not only a visual word-recognition system , but also an auditory word-recognition system , since hearing a word primes subsequent auditory recognition of that word .
if long-term priming of visually presented words arises within a visual word-recognition system , not within a semantic or phonological [part] of the mental lexicon , then of course one needs to postulate not only a visual word-recognition system , but also an auditory word-recognition system , since hearing a word primes subsequent auditory recognition of that word .

If the reading system does include these two separate processing components , it might be possible that neurological damage could impair one component whilst leaving the other intact , to produce a specific pattern of acquired dyslexia .
if the reading system does include these two separate processing components , it might be possible that neurological damage could impair one [part] whilst leaving the other intact , to produce a specific pattern of acquired dyslexia .

If the sentence production system includes one component whose task is to retrieve specific content words from the mental lexicon , and another component whose task is to create a linguistic structure into which these content words are to be inserted , then one would not be surprised to find some patients whose speech consists of unstructured sequences of specific content words , and others whose speech has correct linguistic structure but lacks specific content words .
if the sentence production system includes one [part] whose task is to retrieve specific content words from the mental lexicon , and another [part] whose task is to create a linguistic structure into which these content words are to be inserted , then one would not be surprised to find some patients whose speech consists of unstructured sequences of specific content words , and others whose speech has correct linguistic structure but lacks specific content words .

The expedient adopted by Trudgill is to deal with each component of soil and vegetation in turn and then to build up a sequential picture of the whole system .
the expedient adopted by trudgill is to deal with each [part] of soil and vegetation in turn and then to build up a sequential picture of the whole system .

The decay component is where the energy status gradually declines and eventually the system should continue to a state of virtual exhaustion ; the cyclic component occurs because energy and possibly material input changes in a rhythmic manner associated with diurnal and seasonal climatic cycles ; and a random component is provided by irregular supplies of energy such as rainstorms .
the decay [part] is where the energy status gradually declines and eventually the system should continue to a state of virtual exhaustion ; the cyclic [part] occurs because energy and possibly material input changes in a rhythmic manner associated with diurnal and seasonal climatic cycles ; and a random [part] is provided by irregular supplies of energy such as rainstorms .

The current Soviet aversion to the ‘ neutrality ’ component of the formula for a zone of peace in Southeast Asia follows the development of Vietnamese opposition to this aspect of the Zone scheme .
the current soviet aversion to the ‘ neutrality ’ [part] of the formula for a zone of peace in southeast asia follows the development of vietnamese opposition to this aspect of the zone scheme .

In 1981 the Soviet military specialist Major-General Slobodenko wrote an exposition on the ‘ bases strategy ’ as a component of the post-war military doctrine of the United States .
in 1981 the soviet military specialist major-general slobodenko wrote an exposition on the ‘ bases strategy ’ as a [part] of the post-war military doctrine of the united states .

Since the blend of the wind-group is not so perfect as that of the strings , owing to the greater uniformity of tone of the latter , passages of which the texture can be resolved into its component patterns , each of which suits the individual character of some particular instrument or small group of instruments , ‘ come off ’ best on the wind .
since the blend of the wind-group is not so perfect as that of the strings , owing to the greater uniformity of tone of the latter , passages of which the texture can be resolved into its [part] patterns , each of which suits the individual character of some particular instrument or small group of instruments , ‘ come off ’ best on the wind .

Every instrument here is adding what weight it has to one of the four component parts of the texture ( i.e .
every instrument here is adding what weight it has to one of the four [part] parts of the texture ( i.e .

For the sake of completeness , we will give an example of melody in which there is neither repetition , of however small a component , nor evidence of any constructive factor .
for the sake of completeness , we will give an example of melody in which there is neither repetition , of however small a [part] , nor evidence of any constructive factor .

In other cases , where rhythmic pulse is an important component of the accompaniment , the harmonic and rhythmic movements have to be fused together , so that one gives point to the other .
in other cases , where rhythmic pulse is an important [part] of the accompaniment , the harmonic and rhythmic movements have to be fused together , so that one gives point to the other .

In biology , for example , modules with practical classes are usually assessed 75/25 , the coursework component consisting of laboratory reports .
in biology , for example , modules with practical classes are usually assessed 75/25 , the coursework [part] consisting of laboratory reports .

An alternative approach is to attempt an objective definition of problems which have a legal component by reference to a list or catalogue of types of problem .
an alternative approach is to attempt an objective definition of problems which have a legal [part] by reference to a list or catalogue of types of problem .

It may appear that we consider that every problem with a legal component requires legal assistance , for we have not proposed any other criterion for the provision of legal services than that a legal problem exists .
it may appear that we consider that every problem with a legal [part] requires legal assistance , for we have not proposed any other criterion for the provision of legal services than that a legal problem exists .

In the case of Venus thermal tides make a very large contribution and it can be shown that it is this component of the overall circulation that may drive the 4–5 day zonal circulation and thus speed up the axial spin ( section 4.2 ) .
in the case of venus thermal tides make a very large contribution and it can be shown that it is this [part] of the overall circulation that may drive the 4–5 day zonal circulation and thus speed up the axial spin ( section 4.2 ) .

Another far-flung component will be droplets of liquefied rock .
another far-flung [part] will be droplets of liquefied rock .

This dust is sometimes called fines , and it is also called soil but this is a poor term because it implies an organic component , which is absent .
this dust is sometimes called fines , and it is also called soil but this is a poor term because it implies an organic [part] , which is absent .

It is evident that case management , having originally been conceived as a way of improving the co-ordination of care for vulnerable client groups , has been included as a component in community care reforms as a process designed to achieve quite different objectives for the whole welfare system .
it is evident that case management , having originally been conceived as a way of improving the co-ordination of care for vulnerable client groups , has been included as a [part] in community care reforms as a process designed to achieve quite different objectives for the whole welfare system .

We also analysed the mental health component of the community care plans for 1992/93 of a one-in-two sample of local authorities ( 20 shires , 18 metropolitan districts and 15 London boroughs ) .
we also analysed the mental health [part] of the community care plans for 1992/93 of a one-in-two sample of local authorities ( 20 shires , 18 metropolitan districts and 15 london boroughs ) .

He looked to the side of the room and saw the plastic speaker from which the sound had come ; it was a component from an old car stereo , and it hung from a hook with its wire incompetently stapled to the boards .
he looked to the side of the room and saw the plastic speaker from which the sound had come ; it was a [part] from an old car stereo , and it hung from a hook with its wire incompetently stapled to the boards .

The equivalent statistical probabilities for the proven component of proven and probable reserves are 90 per cent and 10 per cent respectively .
the equivalent statistical probabilities for the proven [part] of proven and probable reserves are 90 per cent and 10 per cent respectively .

Halfen Spiro Strip , now available from fixings specialists Halfen Fixing Systems Ltd , comprises stainless steel strip twisted to form a continuous helical section to create a highly versatile , multi-purpose fixing and reinforcement building component .
halfen spiro strip , now available from fixings specialists halfen fixing systems ltd , comprises stainless steel strip twisted to form a continuous helical section to create a highly versatile , multi-purpose fixing and reinforcement building [part] .

Mark Formica , President of Citizens Bank of Rhode Island , told Citizens employees that based upon his past experience with acquisitions , Citizens and the Boston Five component will do well .
mark formica , president of citizens bank of rhode island , told citizens employees that based upon his past experience with acquisitions , citizens and the boston five [part] will do well .

‘ As technology continues to evolve , the self service environment will be an important component in the Bank 's strategy .
‘ as technology continues to evolve , the self service environment will be an important [part] in the bank 's strategy .

The third component in this outstanding purchase is a set of 19 manuscript maps and plans known as the ‘ Wade Collection ’ , through its association with Field-Marshall George Wade .
the third [part] in this outstanding purchase is a set of 19 manuscript maps and plans known as the ‘ wade collection ’ , through its association with field-marshall george wade .

Religious Observance holds a very special place in Catholic schools , it is not something added on to the Religious Education component , it is the expression of commitment to one 's faith , it brings reality to theory , it is the vehicle through which faith is deepened .
religious observance holds a very special place in catholic schools , it is not something added on to the religious education [part] , it is the expression of commitment to one 's faith , it brings reality to theory , it is the vehicle through which faith is deepened .

For our purposes , the averaging leaves p as a function of position ( with some coarse-graining on the optical wavelength scale ) and velocity component , v , parallel to the optical propagation direction ( z-direction ) .
for our purposes , the averaging leaves p as a function of position ( with some coarse-graining on the optical wavelength scale ) and velocity [part] , v , parallel to the optical propagation direction ( z-direction ) .

Nevertheless , if pragmatics is to be considered a component within linguistic theory ( a question to which we shall return ) , it may be that to include such principles is indeed to include too much .
nevertheless , if pragmatics is to be considered a [part] within linguistic theory ( a question to which we shall return ) , it may be that to include such principles is indeed to include too much .

In part this can be attributed to the diverse scopes that have been claimed for sociolinguistics ( see Trudgill , 1978 : Introduction ) , but in part it comes about because sociolinguists are interested in inter-relations between language and society however these are manifested in grammatical systems : sociolinguistics is not a component or level of a grammar in the way that syntax , semantics , phonology and , quite plausibly , pragmatics are .
in part this can be attributed to the diverse scopes that have been claimed for sociolinguistics ( see trudgill , 1978 : introduction ) , but in part it comes about because sociolinguists are interested in inter-relations between language and society however these are manifested in grammatical systems : sociolinguistics is not a [part] or level of a grammar in the way that syntax , semantics , phonology and , quite plausibly , pragmatics are .

Viewed in this way , attempts to delimit pragmatics in the ways explored above would make little sense ; pragmatics would not be a component or level of linguistic theory but a way of looking afresh at the data and methods of linguistics .
viewed in this way , attempts to delimit pragmatics in the ways explored above would make little sense ; pragmatics would not be a [part] or level of linguistic theory but a way of looking afresh at the data and methods of linguistics .

The need for a pragmatic component in an integrated theory of linguistic ability can be argued for in various ways .
the need for a pragmatic [part] in an integrated theory of linguistic ability can be argued for in various ways .

Accepting for a moment this kind of argument , the question is , is it possible to argue that there is some accepted component of grammar that is non-autonomous with respect to pragmatics ( i.e .
accepting for a moment this kind of argument , the question is , is it possible to argue that there is some accepted [part] of grammar that is non-autonomous with respect to pragmatics ( i.e .

some component requiring pragmatic input ) ?
some [part] requiring pragmatic input ) ?

If so , pragmatics must be logically prior to that component , and so must be included in an overall theory of linguistic competence .
if so , pragmatics must be logically prior to that [part] , and so must be included in an overall theory of linguistic competence .

For example , we have already noted the argument ( and see Chapter 2 below ) that if semantics is to be truth-conditional , then the truth conditions can only be assigned to utterances , not sentences — in other words , contextual specifications are a necessary input to a semantic component , and thus pragmatics is ( at least in this respect ) 16 prior to semantics .
for example , we have already noted the argument ( and see chapter 2 below ) that if semantics is to be truth-conditional , then the truth conditions can only be assigned to utterances , not sentences — in other words , contextual specifications are a necessary input to a semantic [part] , and thus pragmatics is ( at least in this respect ) 16 prior to semantics .

But if the term meaning in this correspondence is restricted to the output of a semantic component , those interested in a theory of linguistic communication are likely to be greatly disappointed .
but if the term meaning in this correspondence is restricted to the output of a semantic [part] , those interested in a theory of linguistic communication are likely to be greatly disappointed .

Let us take a simple three-sentence exchange between two parties , and ask what information it provides us with above and beyond what might be given by the semantic content of the component sentences .
let us take a simple three-sentence exchange between two parties , and ask what information it provides us with above and beyond what might be given by the semantic content of the [part] sentences .

On this view , pragmatics is logically prior to semantics ; that is , the output of the pragmatic component of the theory is the input to the semantic component .
on this view , pragmatics is logically prior to semantics ; that is , the output of the pragmatic [part] of the theory is the input to the semantic [part] .

It is generally conceded that such words have at least a Component of meaning that resists truth-conditional treatment ( Grice , 1975 ; Wilson , 1975 ; Levinson , 1979b ) .
it is generally conceded that such words have at least a [part] of meaning that resists truth-conditional treatment ( grice , 1975 ; wilson , 1975 ; levinson , 1979b ) .

Three countries — Bulgaria , Czechoslovakia and Hungary — have 17 Soviet-built reactors between them , which form the key component of their energy generation capacity .
three countries — bulgaria , czechoslovakia and hungary — have 17 soviet-built reactors between them , which form the key [part] of their energy generation capacity .

Batrec , set up in May 1989 by several Swiss cantons , uses a system developed by the Japanese company Sumitomo Heavy Industries , which allows 95 per cent of the component parts to be reused .
batrec , set up in may 1989 by several swiss cantons , uses a system developed by the japanese company sumitomo heavy industries , which allows 95 per cent of the [part] parts to be reused .

Above all , the drafter should take care to ensure that the different component pieces do fit together and that the individual pieces are mutually consistent .
above all , the drafter should take care to ensure that the different [part] pieces do fit together and that the individual pieces are mutually consistent .

To qualify for this defence , the component producer must have no responsibility for the design of the finished product or be simply following specifications which prove to be unsuitable .
to qualify for this defence , the [part] producer must have no responsibility for the design of the finished product or be simply following specifications which prove to be unsuitable .

Most rhythmic perception involves more than one rhythmic component , however , and poetic rhythm … often contains all three `` ( p. 123 ) .
most rhythmic perception involves more than one rhythmic [part] , however , and poetic rhythm … often contains all three `` ( p. 123 ) .

The third component of rhythm , prolongation , `` represents our rhythmic response to anticipated points of structural resolution/completion `` ( p. 124 ) .
the third [part] of rhythm , prolongation , `` represents our rhythmic response to anticipated points of structural resolution/completion `` ( p. 124 ) .

Trichostrongylus is rarely a primary pathogen in temperate areas , but is usually a component of parasitic gastroenteritis in ruminants .
trichostrongylus is rarely a primary pathogen in temperate areas , but is usually a [part] of parasitic gastroenteritis in ruminants .

Since members of this genus form only one component of the total parasitic burdens of the large intestine , the other aspects of infection will be dealt with after a description of the life cycles and pathogenesis of the other genera .
since members of this genus form only one [part] of the total parasitic burdens of the large intestine , the other aspects of infection will be dealt with after a description of the life cycles and pathogenesis of the other genera .

It results in a low rate of excise duty on wines ( the fastest growing component of consumer expenditure on alcoholic drinks ) and a high rate of duty on spirits ( whose share of expenditure on alcoholic drinks is falling ) .
it results in a low rate of excise duty on wines ( the fastest growing [part] of consumer expenditure on alcoholic drinks ) and a high rate of duty on spirits ( whose share of expenditure on alcoholic drinks is falling ) .

Component stocks have also been reduced by 50 % .
[part] stocks have also been reduced by 50 % .

These include passivity and intellectual slowness ( motivational deficits ) , a belief that one 's actions are doomed to failure ( cognitive deficits ) and the emotional component of depression .
these include passivity and intellectual slowness ( motivational deficits ) , a belief that one 's actions are doomed to failure ( cognitive deficits ) and the emotional [part] of depression .

Considerable evidence has accumulated that there is a genetic component to bipolar depressive disorder , that is , where both manic and depressive episodes occur .
considerable evidence has accumulated that there is a genetic [part] to bipolar depressive disorder , that is , where both manic and depressive episodes occur .

We may consider the procedure for one component of the velocity ; the other components and the pressure are treated in just the same way .
we may consider the procedure for one [part] of the velocity ; the other components and the pressure are treated in just the same way .

In this definition u 1 and u 2 are quite general quantities ; but as examples , they could be simultaneous values of the same component of the velocity at two different points , or two different components of the velocity at a single point .
in this definition u 1 and u 2 are quite general quantities ; but as examples , they could be simultaneous values of the same [part] of the velocity at two different points , or two different components of the velocity at a single point .

Each suffix can take values 1 , 2 or 3 , corresponding to the three coordinate directions ; a vector equation can be read as any one of its component equations by substituting the appropriate value for the suffix common to every term ; and the repetition of a suffix within a single term indicates that that term is summed over the three values of that suffix .
each suffix can take values 1 , 2 or 3 , corresponding to the three coordinate directions ; a vector equation can be read as any one of its [part] equations by substituting the appropriate value for the suffix common to every term ; and the repetition of a suffix within a single term indicates that that term is summed over the three values of that suffix .

Since the summation convention is being applied , the mathematics involves multiplying each component of the dynamical equation ( 19.19 ) by the corresponding velocity component and then adding the three resulting equations .
since the summation convention is being applied , the mathematics involves multiplying each [part] of the dynamical equation ( 19.19 ) by the corresponding velocity [part] and then adding the three resulting equations .

Most attention is usually given to correlations of the same component of velocity at points separated in a direction either parallel to that velocity component ( Fig .
most attention is usually given to correlations of the same [part] of velocity at points separated in a direction either parallel to that velocity [part] ( fig .

The correlation of the same velocity component at a single point at different instants is known as an autocorrelation .
the correlation of the same velocity [part] at a single point at different instants is known as an autocorrelation .

( We have here considered one velocity component , but eqn ( 19.2 ) provides immediate extension from the energy associated with components to the energy as a whole .
( we have here considered one velocity [part] , but eqn ( 19.2 ) provides immediate extension from the energy associated with components to the energy as a whole .

An eddy differs from a Fourier component in the following way .
an eddy differs from a fourier [part] in the following way .

The more general case is given by replacing ‘ heat ’ by ‘ the component with higher diffusivity ’ and ‘ salt ’ by ‘ the component with lower diffusivity ’ .
the more general case is given by replacing ‘ heat ’ by ‘ the [part] with higher diffusivity ’ and ‘ salt ’ by ‘ the [part] with lower diffusivity ’ .

What happens depends on which is the destabilizing and which the stabilizing component ; the two cases constitute Sections 23.2 and 23.3 .
what happens depends on which is the destabilizing and which the stabilizing [part] ; the two cases constitute sections 23.2 and 23.3 .

We start our discussion of a fluid layer with vertical density variations with the case in which the salt is the destabilizing component ; i.e .
we start our discussion of a fluid layer with vertical density variations with the case in which the salt is the destabilizing [part] ; i.e .

They certainly occur in a variety of detailed configurations and may well be a universal feature of convection driven by the lower diffusivity component .
they certainly occur in a variety of detailed configurations and may well be a universal feature of convection driven by the lower diffusivity [part] .

We turn now to the reverse case in which the temperature distribution is the driving component . Thus , instead of ( 23.4 ) and ( 23.7 ) , we have giving
we turn now to the reverse case in which the temperature distribution is the driving [part] . thus , instead of ( 23.4 ) and ( 23.7 ) , we have giving

These two patterns of behaviour both involve layers in which there is convection due to the driving component little modified by the presence of the other component .
these two patterns of behaviour both involve layers in which there is convection due to the driving [part] little modified by the presence of the other [part] .

There is , however , the difference that when heat is the driving component then layers are simply separated by narrow regions with steep gradients , but when salt concentration is the driving component they must be separated by other dynamically active layers — the ones containing salt fingers .
there is , however , the difference that when heat is the driving [part] then layers are simply separated by narrow regions with steep gradients , but when salt concentration is the driving [part] they must be separated by other dynamically active layers — the ones containing salt fingers .

In fact the main component of a country 's money supply is not cash but deposits in banks and other financial institutions .
in fact the main [part] of a country 's money supply is not cash but deposits in banks and other financial institutions .

In the case of time deposits , although private-sector deposits are the largest component , a substantial proportion are from the monetary sector : in other words , from other banks and other financial institutions .
in the case of time deposits , although private-sector deposits are the largest [part] , a substantial proportion are from the monetary sector : in other words , from other banks and other financial institutions .

Customer Care — If a customer 's car is off the road for more than 24 hours waiting for a component to arrive , Renault 's Customer Courtesy Service allows him or her to use a replacement vehicle free of charge until the part is delivered and the problem rectified .
customer care — if a customer 's car is off the road for more than 24 hours waiting for a [part] to arrive , renault 's customer courtesy service allows him or her to use a replacement vehicle free of charge until the part is delivered and the problem rectified .

Underbonnet Protection — Every underbonnet component is protected by a zinc/chrome/nickel layer , along with a wax spray applied after assembly and an oil-based protective coating on the exterior of the engine to ensure no damage occurs before delivery .
underbonnet protection — every underbonnet [part] is protected by a zinc/chrome/nickel layer , along with a wax spray applied after assembly and an oil-based protective coating on the exterior of the engine to ensure no damage occurs before delivery .

has a strong stochastic component .
has a strong stochastic [part] .

In other cases , such as the Dead Sea Rift , there is a significant transform component in the extensional movement and this feature can in fact be regarded as a large pull-apart basin ( see Section 3.5 ) .
in other cases , such as the dead sea rift , there is a significant transform [part] in the extensional movement and this feature can in fact be regarded as a large pull-apart basin ( see section 3.5 ) .

The latter are primarily submarine features and will not be discussed here although they are certainly an important component of passive margin development ( see Section 4.5 ) .
the latter are primarily submarine features and will not be discussed here although they are certainly an important [part] of passive margin development ( see section 4.5 ) .

Although arbitrary , this size limit can be related to the idea of morphological capacity since craters below this size are normally a constructional component of strato-volcanoes , whereas those above are nearly always formed by subsidence and collapse following catastrophic eruptions .
although arbitrary , this size limit can be related to the idea of morphological capacity since craters below this size are normally a constructional [part] of strato-volcanoes , whereas those above are nearly always formed by subsidence and collapse following catastrophic eruptions .

Software , a term in general use by the early 1960s , is usually defined negatively , that is to say , a component of computer systems distinct from hardware .
software , a term in general use by the early 1960s , is usually defined negatively , that is to say , a [part] of computer systems distinct from hardware .

The Society has had signal success in restoring to working order a Ferranti Pegasus , a large vacuum-tube machine dating from 1958 ( Figure 8.1 ) , and an Elliott 803 , a discrete component germanium transistor machine dating from 1963 .
the society has had signal success in restoring to working order a ferranti pegasus , a large vacuum-tube machine dating from 1958 ( figure 8.1 ) , and an elliott 803 , a discrete [part] germanium transistor machine dating from 1963 .

This component can be viewed as the means of authenticating the data .
this [part] can be viewed as the means of authenticating the data .

The computing component of the thematic history course is more problematic .
the computing [part] of the thematic history course is more problematic .

Will emphasis shift from the provision of services with a high value-added component to the bulk handling of a large number of fairly simple enquiries ?
will emphasis shift from the provision of services with a high value-added [part] to the bulk handling of a large number of fairly simple enquiries ?

There was a manual for each hardware component and software product , the total running to perhaps a hundred linear feet , not including the numerous multiple editions of manuals .
there was a manual for each hardware [part] and software product , the total running to perhaps a hundred linear feet , not including the numerous multiple editions of manuals .

It was , of course , immediately adopted by the extreme left , which had , indeed , long provided a powerful component of evolutionary thinking .
it was , of course , immediately adopted by the extreme left , which had , indeed , long provided a powerful [part] of evolutionary thinking .

In other words , errors in predicting the rate of inflation were made up of two component parts : a random stochastic component which is , of its very nature , unpredictable ; and a systematic component , , which is related to the level of aggregate demand as reflected in the unemployment rate .
in other words , errors in predicting the rate of inflation were made up of two [part] parts : a random stochastic [part] which is , of its very nature , unpredictable ; and a systematic [part] , , which is related to the level of aggregate demand as reflected in the unemployment rate .

They will come to realize that the factor which had given rise to their positive , constant prediction errors under adaptive expectations was the excess demand component , .
they will come to realize that the factor which had given rise to their positive , constant prediction errors under adaptive expectations was the excess demand [part] , .

The aggregate demand component of an inflationary process , , no longer exerts an independent influence on the rate of inflation which is , in principle , separable from that of the expectations component , , as it had been in the Friedman ( 1968 ) version .
the aggregate demand [part] of an inflationary process , , no longer exerts an independent influence on the rate of inflation which is , in principle , separable from that of the expectations [part] , , as it had been in the friedman ( 1968 ) version .

Generally speaking workers must decompose any given change in the real wage rate into a temporary component and a permanent component .
generally speaking workers must decompose any given change in the real wage rate into a temporary [part] and a permanent [part] .

The larger the temporary component of a real wage change , the more significant will be the response from the suppliers of labour .
the larger the temporary [part] of a real wage change , the more significant will be the response from the suppliers of labour .

In times of rising money wages , therefore , workers must first decide whether or not the real wage is rising ( problem ( a ) ) , and secondly decompose any increase in the real wage which may be suspected to have occurred into a permanent component , eliciting minimal labour supply response , and a temporary component , which could elicit a significant rise in the supply of labour services ( problem ( b ) ) .
in times of rising money wages , therefore , workers must first decide whether or not the real wage is rising ( problem ( a ) ) , and secondly decompose any increase in the real wage which may be suspected to have occurred into a permanent [part] , eliciting minimal labour supply response , and a temporary [part] , which could elicit a significant rise in the supply of labour services ( problem ( b ) ) .

By corollary monetary policies which are geared to stabilizing the rate of growth of the money supply ( or , more generally , reducing the unanticipated component of a given change in the money supply ) will eliminate the cyclical fluctuation in unemployment .
by corollary monetary policies which are geared to stabilizing the rate of growth of the money supply ( or , more generally , reducing the unanticipated [part] of a given change in the money supply ) will eliminate the cyclical fluctuation in unemployment .

In other words , a given level of unemployment may comprise a classical component attributable to excessive real wages and a Keynesian component attributable to deficient aggregate demand .
in other words , a given level of unemployment may comprise a classical [part] attributable to excessive real wages and a keynesian [part] attributable to deficient aggregate demand .

As mentioned above , where a firm which wishes to retain its own identity has increased the number of its branch offices it is sometimes difficult to retain an acceptable degree of harmony between the component parts of the firm and the partners attached to each part .
as mentioned above , where a firm which wishes to retain its own identity has increased the number of its branch offices it is sometimes difficult to retain an acceptable degree of harmony between the [part] parts of the firm and the partners attached to each part .

Each of the component parts of the restriction should be incorporated into the agreement in such a way that any provision which the court might feel goes beyond the bounds of reasonableness can be severed under the `` blue pencil test `` leaving the bulk of the desired restriction in full force .
each of the [part] parts of the restriction should be incorporated into the agreement in such a way that any provision which the court might feel goes beyond the bounds of reasonableness can be severed under the `` blue pencil test `` leaving the bulk of the desired restriction in full force .

If the bidder 's aim is to separate a target into its component parts , it has failed if the target does this itself .
if the bidder 's aim is to separate a target into its [part] parts , it has failed if the target does this itself .

The new process could make carpet recycling possible on a major scale ; until now it has been laborious and expensive to separate out the component materials , which often include wool , nylon as well as latex .
the new process could make carpet recycling possible on a major scale ; until now it has been laborious and expensive to separate out the [part] materials , which often include wool , nylon as well as latex .

Acts that define the powers of the various state organs ( for example , the 1911 and 1949 Parliament Acts ) and acts that define the relationship between Crown and Parliament ( notably the Bill of Rights of 1689 ) , between the component elements of the nation ( the Act of Union with Scotland of 1706 , for example ) , between the United Kingdom and the European Communities ( the 1972 European Communities Act ) , and between the state and the individual ( as with the Habeas Corpus Act of 1679 or the Administration of Justice Act of 1960 ) clearly constitute important provisions of the Constitution .
acts that define the powers of the various state organs ( for example , the 1911 and 1949 parliament acts ) and acts that define the relationship between crown and parliament ( notably the bill of rights of 1689 ) , between the [part] elements of the nation ( the act of union with scotland of 1706 , for example ) , between the united kingdom and the european communities ( the 1972 european communities act ) , and between the state and the individual ( as with the habeas corpus act of 1679 or the administration of justice act of 1960 ) clearly constitute important provisions of the constitution .

The hierarchical reductionist , on the other hand , explains a complex entity at any particular level in the hierarchy of organization , in terms of entities only one level down the hierarchy ; entities which , themselves , are likely to be complex enough to need further reducing to their own component parts ; and so on .
the hierarchical reductionist , on the other hand , explains a complex entity at any particular level in the hierarchy of organization , in terms of entities only one level down the hierarchy ; entities which , themselves , are likely to be complex enough to need further reducing to their own [part] parts ; and so on .

We concluded that the behaviour of a complicated thing should be explained in terms of interactions between its component parts , considered as successive layers of an orderly hierarchy .
we concluded that the behaviour of a complicated thing should be explained in terms of interactions between its [part] parts , considered as successive layers of an orderly hierarchy .

We said earlier that the ability to distinguish between cause and effect is a fundamental component of the ability to explain .
we said earlier that the ability to distinguish between cause and effect is a fundamental [part] of the ability to explain .

As we saw earlier , Piaget argued that children do not understand the directional component of the causal connectives ' meaning until the age of about seven years ( i.e .
as we saw earlier , piaget argued that children do not understand the directional [part] of the causal connectives ' meaning until the age of about seven years ( i.e .

Thus it is proposed that they will understand the directional component of the meaning of because in connection with the distinction between cause and effect ( viz .
thus it is proposed that they will understand the directional [part] of the meaning of because in connection with the distinction between cause and effect ( viz .

the causal direction ) , before they understand the directional component of its meaning in connection with temporal order .
the causal direction ) , before they understand the directional [part] of its meaning in connection with temporal order .

It also raises the possibility that the younger children in Emerson 's task may indeed have understood that there is a directional component to the meaning of because , but that this was based on a grasp of causal direction and not the temporal priority for which Emerson was testing .
it also raises the possibility that the younger children in emerson 's task may indeed have understood that there is a directional [part] to the meaning of because , but that this was based on a grasp of causal direction and not the temporal priority for which emerson was testing .

Also , the findings for the causal task indicate that even five-year-olds have some knowledge of the directional component of the causal connectives ' meaning , in that their mean score is considerably higher than the score ( of 8 ) which one would expect if they were simply responding at chance level .
also , the findings for the causal task indicate that even five-year-olds have some knowledge of the directional [part] of the causal connectives ' meaning , in that their mean score is considerably higher than the score ( of 8 ) which one would expect if they were simply responding at chance level .

In summary , the evidence from causal connective studies indicates that from the age of three years children have some understanding of the directional component of the causal connectives ' meaning .
in summary , the evidence from causal connective studies indicates that from the age of three years children have some understanding of the directional [part] of the causal connectives ' meaning .

Such understanding is an important component of the ability to give and understand explanations in the intentional mode , but it is not sufficient in itself .
such understanding is an important [part] of the ability to give and understand explanations in the intentional mode , but it is not sufficient in itself .

The two component parts of Owen 's productive classes had been placed on the opposite sides of a divide ; and their separation into ‘ them and us ’ was now so far completed as to have become irreversible .
the two [part] parts of owen 's productive classes had been placed on the opposite sides of a divide ; and their separation into ‘ them and us ’ was now so far completed as to have become irreversible .

And further : We can , in summary , at the very least draw this conclusion : that it is , by reference to modern biological thought , a tenable view of society which — so long as its component classes are not exclusive — sees advantage to it in the variety of aptitudes and attitudes implied by class structure in a mixture of co-operation and competition between them .
and further : we can , in summary , at the very least draw this conclusion : that it is , by reference to modern biological thought , a tenable view of society which — so long as its [part] classes are not exclusive — sees advantage to it in the variety of aptitudes and attitudes implied by class structure in a mixture of co-operation and competition between them .

The treaty commitments are interlocked so as to create ‘ the component parts of the political settlement .
the treaty commitments are interlocked so as to create ‘ the [part] parts of the political settlement .

The back feet and diagonal members have these compound curves , produced by making jig templates that are secured on both sides of the component and guided by corresponding bearing that sit on top and below the cutter block .
the back feet and diagonal members have these compound curves , produced by making jig templates that are secured on both sides of the [part] and guided by corresponding bearing that sit on top and below the cutter block .

The shape created means that the component is working off the bearings rather than the table .
the shape created means that the [part] is working off the bearings rather than the table .

They are very closely involved with each component of their work .
they are very closely involved with each [part] of their work .

When you show the results of your labour to a friend or relative they do not make a minute examination of every component .
when you show the results of your labour to a friend or relative they do not make a minute examination of every [part] .

The component parts ( left ) and the bellows next to the forge ( below )
the [part] parts ( left ) and the bellows next to the forge ( below )

There is here , however , another component of erection etc .
there is here , however , another [part] of erection etc .

The psychogenic component of erection , originating in the forebrain , will cease to function .
the psychogenic [part] of erection , originating in the forebrain , will cease to function .

The reflex component will continue to operate provided the spinal cord is not damaged at the sacral level and manual or other stimulation of the penis and surrounding area will result in erection even though feeling below the level of the lesion is lost .
the reflex [part] will continue to operate provided the spinal cord is not damaged at the sacral level and manual or other stimulation of the penis and surrounding area will result in erection even though feeling below the level of the lesion is lost .

If , however , the spinal cord is severed at that lower level , the reflex component will be lost also .
if , however , the spinal cord is severed at that lower level , the reflex [part] will be lost also .

Moreover , physical contact , if it proceeds at all , will almost inevitably reach the point of physical stimulation of their sexual parts , so that now the reflex component also comes into play .
moreover , physical contact , if it proceeds at all , will almost inevitably reach the point of physical stimulation of their sexual parts , so that now the reflex [part] also comes into play .

It applies also , however , when the sexual component of problems is not the obvious one .
it applies also , however , when the sexual [part] of problems is not the obvious one .

In fact any subject matter can be examined and taught with a significant resource-based component , although as in our examples above there is likely always to be an important place for the directed expository lesson , whether `` lead `` or otherwise .
in fact any subject matter can be examined and taught with a significant resource-based [part] , although as in our examples above there is likely always to be an important place for the directed expository lesson , whether `` lead `` or otherwise .

Mathematical and language skills unite in the understanding of logic and reasoning , an essential component of mature intelligence .
mathematical and language skills unite in the understanding of logic and reasoning , an essential [part] of mature intelligence .

If the axis x of the figure is the optical axis then only the component of the light in the y direction will be let through .
if the axis x of the figure is the optical axis then only the [part] of the light in the y direction will be let through .

By trigonometry , we have already said that this component has magnitude proportional to sin u .
by trigonometry , we have already said that this [part] has magnitude proportional to sin u .

From the wave point of view this is hardly a surprise , because it was just they component of the oscillation which got through .
from the wave point of view this is hardly a surprise , because it was just they [part] of the oscillation which got through .

The result of such a superposition produces a state whose properties are related to those of its component parts in a probabilistic sense .
the result of such a superposition produces a state whose properties are related to those of its [part] parts in a probabilistic sense .

You will remember that electrons have a quantity called spin whose component in any assigned direction can take only two values , `` up `` or `` down `` ( p. 22 ) .
you will remember that electrons have a quantity called spin whose [part] in any assigned direction can take only two values , `` up `` or `` down `` ( p. 22 ) .

Over recent decades , there has been growing recognition that communication based on people 's background , culture and basic knowledge is a critical component of any development project , and that it must be systematically planned , budgeted for and evaluated .
over recent decades , there has been growing recognition that communication based on people 's background , culture and basic knowledge is a critical [part] of any development project , and that it must be systematically planned , budgeted for and evaluated .

Secondly , no component in this programme should be seen in isolation .
secondly , no [part] in this programme should be seen in isolation .

In three component parts , taking the participants from basic to advanced desktop publishing , the seminar is scheduled from 20 April to 12 June 1992 .
in three [part] parts , taking the participants from basic to advanced desktop publishing , the seminar is scheduled from 20 april to 12 june 1992 .

So far says William Luers , business leaders have become more receptive to the arts as a component of economic development : the New York Partnership , a business organization , is participating in the Port Authority study , which is expected to cost $ 650,000 .
so far says william luers , business leaders have become more receptive to the arts as a [part] of economic development : the new york partnership , a business organization , is participating in the port authority study , which is expected to cost $ 650,000 .

It takes more than a shoestring to keep an essential component of the economy strong , say the Met , and other institutions concur .
it takes more than a shoestring to keep an essential [part] of the economy strong , say the met , and other institutions concur .

The $ 25 million campaign , showcasing art as ‘ an essential component of a healthy society ’ , will be developed by the Advertising Council , a non-profit group of volunteers from the advertising business .
the $ 25 million campaign , showcasing art as ‘ an essential [part] of a healthy society ’ , will be developed by the advertising council , a non-profit group of volunteers from the advertising business .

For him this is an essential component of the idea of equality .
for him this is an essential [part] of the idea of equality .

He prepared the Elgin marbles for the new Duveen Gallery and reordered the component parts of the frieze of the Temple of Apollo at Bassae .
he prepared the elgin marbles for the new duveen gallery and reordered the [part] parts of the frieze of the temple of apollo at bassae .

They have been mistakenly described , with the Channel Islands and the Isle of Oléron ( off La Rochelle ) as component parts of ‘ England 's first Empire ’ , the first ‘ overseas dominions ’ of the English crown .
they have been mistakenly described , with the channel islands and the isle of oléron ( off la rochelle ) as [part] parts of ‘ england 's first empire ’ , the first ‘ overseas dominions ’ of the english crown .

But because work is not a component of the feminine stereotype housework lacks any conceptualization in sociology as work .
but because work is not a [part] of the feminine stereotype housework lacks any conceptualization in sociology as work .

Copper is not usually a natural component of water and is picked up by contact with copper and brass fittings or pipes .
copper is not usually a natural [part] of water and is picked up by contact with copper and brass fittings or pipes .

An unwanted component can sometimes be present at long intervals , and this can be very troublesome .
an unwanted [part] can sometimes be present at long intervals , and this can be very troublesome .

Take the component case : suppose both cars use the same gearbox , purchased from an outside source .
take the [part] case : suppose both cars use the same gearbox , purchased from an outside source .

Choueka [ 1988 ] has designed an algorithm for locating collocational expressions in corpora that does not include any morphological or syntactic component and does not require any dictionary lookup .
choueka [ 1988 ] has designed an algorithm for locating collocational expressions in corpora that does not include any morphological or syntactic [part] and does not require any dictionary lookup .

The first is to use the blackboard approach described above [ Erman , 1975 ] , but this is criticised as having serious implementational problems relating to the format of entries on the blackboard and the control over the resources that should be available to each component .
the first is to use the blackboard approach described above [ erman , 1975 ] , but this is criticised as having serious implementational problems relating to the format of entries on the blackboard and the control over the resources that should be available to each [part] .

In 1465 he received the most valuable component of his early endowment , the duchy lordships of Bolingbroke ( Lincs . )
in 1465 he received the most valuable [part] of his early endowment , the duchy lordships of bolingbroke ( lincs . )

The main component of Gloucester 's landed influence in the north was the former Neville land centred on Middleham , Sheriff Hutton and Penrith .
the main [part] of gloucester 's landed influence in the north was the former neville land centred on middleham , sheriff hutton and penrith .

This is the arrangement formalized in Edward 's territorial reordering of 1473–5 , which saw Lancashire as the northern end of a Stanley power bloc stretching through Cheshire into north Wales , rather than as one more component in Gloucester 's northern hegemony .
this is the arrangement formalized in edward 's territorial reordering of 1473–5 , which saw lancashire as the northern end of a stanley power bloc stretching through cheshire into north wales , rather than as one more [part] in gloucester 's northern hegemony .

On the contrary , ducal influence in East Anglia should probably be seen as another component of this influential court connection .
on the contrary , ducal influence in east anglia should probably be seen as another [part] of this influential court connection .

The assumption that Gloucester would be a more satisfactory component of royal authority in Wales proved justified , and on the rare occasions for which evidence survives he does seem to have co-operated with the council .
the assumption that gloucester would be a more satisfactory [part] of royal authority in wales proved justified , and on the rare occasions for which evidence survives he does seem to have co-operated with the council .

But , like any major retinue , his affinity did have a non-regional component .
but , like any major retinue , his affinity did have a non-regional [part] .

In the psychoanalytic school , there is the notion of the ‘ component instincts ’ which are unified in the complex process of acculturation , though the issue is complicated by a transhistorical concept of the Oedipus complex which , it is argued , is basic to all culture , or in Juliet Mitchell 's version , patriarchal culture .
in the psychoanalytic school , there is the notion of the ‘ [part] instincts ’ which are unified in the complex process of acculturation , though the issue is complicated by a transhistorical concept of the oedipus complex which , it is argued , is basic to all culture , or in juliet mitchell 's version , patriarchal culture .

any article designed for use as a component in any such plant .
any article designed for use as a [part] in any such plant .

The main flaw with the system of categorisation of my work was the omission of the teaching component of the majority of these activities .
the main flaw with the system of categorisation of my work was the omission of the teaching [part] of the majority of these activities .

Pain was experienced by 67 per cent of all patients , most of whom experienced more at night , suggesting that a number of apparently ‘ venous ’ ulcers may have a concurrent ischaemic component .
pain was experienced by 67 per cent of all patients , most of whom experienced more at night , suggesting that a number of apparently ‘ venous ’ ulcers may have a concurrent ischaemic [part] .

Indeed , it could be an essential component .
indeed , it could be an essential [part] .

With the power to select between policy alternatives ; with direct authority over his department and some , although not all , of the component parts of the system of criminal justice , but exercising strong influence over other parts ; the Home Secretary still possesses unmatched opportunities for individual decision making .
with the power to select between policy alternatives ; with direct authority over his department and some , although not all , of the [part] parts of the system of criminal justice , but exercising strong influence over other parts ; the home secretary still possesses unmatched opportunities for individual decision making .

Some will be restored to running the exhibition condition , the remaining vehicles being used for component parts .
some will be restored to running the exhibition condition , the remaining vehicles being used for [part] parts .

Thomas Tusser , Essex poet , writing in 1557 could confidently assert that the Ancient Countryside contained hedges , so numerous as to be an important source of fuel , a vital component of mediaeval life .
thomas tusser , essex poet , writing in 1557 could confidently assert that the ancient countryside contained hedges , so numerous as to be an important source of fuel , a vital [part] of mediaeval life .

Forest and hedgerow management were an essential component of life for many centuries , and the importance of hedgerows can be gauged by the frequency with which the word ‘ hedge ‘ , or its variants appear in place names such as Haywards Heath , Haywood , Haynes , Hayes or Haydon .
forest and hedgerow management were an essential [part] of life for many centuries , and the importance of hedgerows can be gauged by the frequency with which the word ‘ hedge ‘ , or its variants appear in place names such as haywards heath , haywood , haynes , hayes or haydon .

With smaller scale in the producing unit , the entry costs to many component businesses have declined and allowed a proliferation of new entrants scattered across the globe .
with smaller scale in the producing unit , the entry costs to many [part] businesses have declined and allowed a proliferation of new entrants scattered across the globe .

They tended to locate component supplies in lower-income countries to create two-way trade with Japan ; they did not replace the trade in finished products ( Kojima , 1978 ) .6 The Japanese moves can not be explained in the defensive product-cycle terms ; they were offensive in the sense that they were designed to establish positions that permitted new world-scale advantages to be created by subsequent expansion .
they tended to locate [part] supplies in lower-income countries to create two-way trade with japan ; they did not replace the trade in finished products ( kojima , 1978 ) .6 the japanese moves can not be explained in the defensive product-cycle terms ; they were offensive in the sense that they were designed to establish positions that permitted new world-scale advantages to be created by subsequent expansion .

Brazil 's component exports increased rapidly in the late 1980s , only to fall sharply as buyers shifted their purchases to other developing countries in 1990 when the Cruzado became overvalued ( Karmokolias , 1990 ) .
brazil 's [part] exports increased rapidly in the late 1980s , only to fall sharply as buyers shifted their purchases to other developing countries in 1990 when the cruzado became overvalued ( karmokolias , 1990 ) .

Many of the component technologies matured rapidly and could be transferred abroad without making undue demands on the technical capacity of the local workforce .
many of the [part] technologies matured rapidly and could be transferred abroad without making undue demands on the technical capacity of the local workforce .

Just as many component suppliers to the automobile industry have expanded abroad in order to provide worldwide supply to their large customers , so many service firms have followed suit .
just as many [part] suppliers to the automobile industry have expanded abroad in order to provide worldwide supply to their large customers , so many service firms have followed suit .

In the last century some asphyxiated babies were noted to have abnormally fast — or slow — heart rates , and auscultation evolved as a component of intrapartum care .
in the last century some asphyxiated babies were noted to have abnormally fast — or slow — heart rates , and auscultation evolved as a [part] of intrapartum care .

The word ‘ clinically ’ here can be dangerously misleading , for the decision being made has a major ethical component .
the word ‘ clinically ’ here can be dangerously misleading , for the decision being made has a major ethical [part] .

Although the use of streptomycin to treat tuberculosis has declined in Britain , the drug remains an essential component of treatment for some patients .
although the use of streptomycin to treat tuberculosis has declined in britain , the drug remains an essential [part] of treatment for some patients .

Dietary change is a central component of this process , and there is a mass of evidence to support the role of a diet high in saturated fat in atherogenesis .
dietary change is a central [part] of this process , and there is a mass of evidence to support the role of a diet high in saturated fat in atherogenesis .

In the double blind component of the study by the European working party on high blood pressure in the elderly there was an apparently impressive but barely significant reduction in cardiac deaths ( -47 % , p=0.048 ) .
in the double blind [part] of the study by the european working party on high blood pressure in the elderly there was an apparently impressive but barely significant reduction in cardiac deaths ( -47 % , p=0.048 ) .

Obviously such a drafting file would , in that case , become the most important component of the system , once the integration , revision , and updating work was over and done .
obviously such a drafting file would , in that case , become the most important [part] of the system , once the integration , revision , and updating work was over and done .

Bargaining is an unavoidable necessity in American politics and negotiating skill is a central component of presidential power .
bargaining is an unavoidable necessity in american politics and negotiating skill is a central [part] of presidential power .

The scientific prediction of a person 's limitations , and thus his possible fate , has a very dangerous component in that it may lead the individual to inaction and despair .
the scientific prediction of a person 's limitations , and thus his possible fate , has a very dangerous [part] in that it may lead the individual to inaction and despair .

Recent reports suggest that oedema may be an important component of the changes .
recent reports suggest that oedema may be an important [part] of the changes .

It was once believed to be a very young star , still condensing ; then it was suggested that we might be dealing with a Black Hole ; now it seems more likely that the eclipsing component is a hot bluish star surrounded by a cloud of opaque material .
it was once believed to be a very young star , still condensing ; then it was suggested that we might be dealing with a black hole ; now it seems more likely that the eclipsing [part] is a hot bluish star surrounded by a cloud of opaque material .

The fainter component is of magnitude 4.2 , and as the separation is 376 seconds of arc the pair can be split with the naked eye ; of course binoculars show it well .
the fainter [part] is of magnitude 4.2 , and as the separation is 376 seconds of arc the pair can be split with the naked eye ; of course binoculars show it well .

The fainter component is about 1600 light-years away ( and , incidentally , highly luminous ) while the distance of the brighter star is only 117 light-years .
the fainter [part] is about 1600 light-years away ( and , incidentally , highly luminous ) while the distance of the brighter star is only 117 light-years .

In the same × 7 field it is easy to find the very wide pair of Theta & sup1 ; ( 4.3 ) and Theta & sup2 ; ( 4.7 ) , which are not genuinely associated ; as noted earlier , the dimmer component is much the more distant of the two .
in the same × 7 field it is easy to find the very wide pair of theta & sup1 ; ( 4.3 ) and theta & sup2 ; ( 4.7 ) , which are not genuinely associated ; as noted earlier , the dimmer [part] is much the more distant of the two .

Gamma , a decidedly orange K-type star , makes up the Dragon 's head with Beta , Xi ( 3.7 ) and Nu , which is a wide double ; each component is of magnitude 4.9 , and the ‘ twins ’ are identical .
gamma , a decidedly orange k-type star , makes up the dragon 's head with beta , xi ( 3.7 ) and nu , which is a wide double ; each [part] is of magnitude 4.9 , and the ‘ twins ’ are identical .

Telescopically , each component is again double .
telescopically , each [part] is again double .

The range is from 2.1 to 3.3 , and the period 2.7 days ; the secondary minimum , when the fainter component is eclipsed by the brighter , is too slight to be detected except with sensitive equipment .
the range is from 2.1 to 3.3 , and the period 2.7 days ; the secondary minimum , when the fainter [part] is eclipsed by the brighter , is too slight to be detected except with sensitive equipment .

Zeta is a wide , easy pair ; the brighter component ( 3.6 ) is orange , and the fainter ( 4.7 ) white .
zeta is a wide , easy pair ; the brighter [part] ( 3.6 ) is orange , and the fainter ( 4.7 ) white .

Attempts to introduce the system in Japanese plants overseas have frequently been thwarted by the inability of component suppliers to meet quality and timing schedules .
attempts to introduce the system in japanese plants overseas have frequently been thwarted by the inability of [part] suppliers to meet quality and timing schedules .

Within Japan , larger firms have a tremendous advantage because there are so many small component suppliers who rely extensively on subcontracting for their existence .
within japan , larger firms have a tremendous advantage because there are so many small [part] suppliers who rely extensively on subcontracting for their existence .

to be designed so that essential operation does not depend on any single component .
to be designed so that essential operation does not depend on any single [part] .

Skilled reading depends upon a flexibility in the application of component subskills , and so it is with all skills .
skilled reading depends upon a flexibility in the application of [part] subskills , and so it is with all skills .

Component subskills in reading and spelling
[part] subskills in reading and spelling

The letters and words will be recognised — they are handled by automatised component subskills — but the meanings of the words are not assembled into the ideas which the author has attempted to express .
the letters and words will be recognised — they are handled by automatised [part] subskills — but the meanings of the words are not assembled into the ideas which the author has attempted to express .

Two component subskills , both involving relationships between print and meaning , are important in both reading and spelling .
two [part] subskills , both involving relationships between print and meaning , are important in both reading and spelling .

Using the terminology of `` information-processing skills `` , these readers have automatised an invariant process by practice , and the recognition of words becomes a component subskill .
using the terminology of `` information-processing skills `` , these readers have automatised an invariant process by practice , and the recognition of words becomes a [part] subskill .

Whereas word recognition can occur without the skilled reader thinking about it , sentence reconstruction can not , and it is to this component subskill that the reader 's attention should be directed .
whereas word recognition can occur without the skilled reader thinking about it , sentence reconstruction can not , and it is to this [part] subskill that the reader 's attention should be directed .

( In a Lie algebra multiplication and addition satisfy Lie groups and Lie algebras form a major component of the present day theoretical physicists ' armoury .
( in a lie algebra multiplication and addition satisfy lie groups and lie algebras form a major [part] of the present day theoretical physicists ' armoury .

The bile pigment mesobiliverdin is perhaps more important since it is the prosthetic group of the blue component of the insectoverdins ( complex green pigments ) mentioned above in connection with the carotenoids .
the bile pigment mesobiliverdin is perhaps more important since it is the prosthetic group of the blue [part] of the insectoverdins ( complex green pigments ) mentioned above in connection with the carotenoids .

They may also be duplicated by physical models , are not destroyed by bleaching and all the component wavelengths of the incident light are to be found in either the reflected , scattered or transmitted fractions .
they may also be duplicated by physical models , are not destroyed by bleaching and all the [part] wavelengths of the incident light are to be found in either the reflected , scattered or transmitted fractions .

, Guthrie ( 1961 ) , Abraham ( 1967 ) , Groth ( 2971 ) and Strausfeld ( 1976 ) ; various more specialized accounts of its component parts are listed below .
, guthrie ( 1961 ) , abraham ( 1967 ) , groth ( 2971 ) and strausfeld ( 1976 ) ; various more specialized accounts of its [part] parts are listed below .

The other necessary component was the deceased 's name , which through its power could preserve life and identity .
the other necessary [part] was the deceased 's name , which through its power could preserve life and identity .

By observing the development of embryos it , vitro during this period it is possible to make a rough assignment of their developmental stage since the component blastomeres flatten upon one another ( compact ) at the 8-cell stage but then decompact during mitosis to the 16-cell stage and then subsequently recompact again ( Figure 2 , panels 4–6 ; for timings see Table 1 ) .
by observing the development of embryos it , vitro during this period it is possible to make a rough assignment of their developmental stage since the [part] blastomeres flatten upon one another ( compact ) at the 8-cell stage but then decompact during mitosis to the 16-cell stage and then subsequently recompact again ( figure 2 , panels 4–6 ; for timings see table 1 ) .

Early mouse embryos and their component cells are most easily manipulated during fixation and immunocytological staining if stuck down to coverslips .
early mouse embryos and their [part] cells are most easily manipulated during fixation and immunocytological staining if stuck down to coverslips .

This will mean stating the following clearly : a ) the number of jobs offered annually ; b ) defining the nature of the training component ; c ) reviewing recruitment policies , especially testing , where this is used ; d ) interviewing young people from Compact schools and offering feedback and counselling to those who do not , for whatever reason , receive the offer of a job ; e ) stating the extent to which they can become involved in : 1 .
this will mean stating the following clearly : a ) the number of jobs offered annually ; b ) defining the nature of the training [part] ; c ) reviewing recruitment policies , especially testing , where this is used ; d ) interviewing young people from compact schools and offering feedback and counselling to those who do not , for whatever reason , receive the offer of a job ; e ) stating the extent to which they can become involved in : 1 .

More commonly , soon after independence tensions develop between the component parts of the independence movement ( eg , in Algeria , Arabs and Berbers ) , between peoples actively involved in it and those not , or between the emancipated non-sectional secularism of the leaders and the feelings of the masses .
more commonly , soon after independence tensions develop between the [part] parts of the independence movement ( eg , in algeria , arabs and berbers ) , between peoples actively involved in it and those not , or between the emancipated non-sectional secularism of the leaders and the feelings of the masses .

( i ) Domestic rate relief : a per capita subsidy to local residential taxpayers as opposed to commercial and non-domestic taxpayers , ( ii ) Resources equalisation : a component aimed at equalising differences in the tax base of different local authorities .
( i ) domestic rate relief : a per capita subsidy to local residential taxpayers as opposed to commercial and non-domestic taxpayers , ( ii ) resources equalisation : a [part] aimed at equalising differences in the tax base of different local authorities .

( iii ) Needs equalisation : a component aimed at equalising differences in the expenditure requirements of different local authorities ( Bennett 1982:3 ) .
( iii ) needs equalisation : a [part] aimed at equalising differences in the expenditure requirements of different local authorities ( bennett 1982:3 ) .

In those years the most important component of songs was lyrics .
in those years the most important [part] of songs was lyrics .

What he means is that although in one sense the competitively won money is very desirable — it gives a terrific boost to Imperial 's research and , because many of the contracts are from industry , keeps the university closely in touch with the real world — it actually contributes next of nothing to the core costs of the college , of which , of course , academic salaries are the largest single component .
what he means is that although in one sense the competitively won money is very desirable — it gives a terrific boost to imperial 's research and , because many of the contracts are from industry , keeps the university closely in touch with the real world — it actually contributes next of nothing to the core costs of the college , of which , of course , academic salaries are the largest single [part] .

Migration was the vital component of population redistribution between urban zones ( figure 3.6 ) .
migration was the vital [part] of population redistribution between urban zones ( figure 3.6 ) .

Housing may also be an important component as its relative cost increased in Britain from 1955 to 1975 .
housing may also be an important [part] as its relative cost increased in britain from 1955 to 1975 .

The key concept , then , is really interest , the perennial component of politics , and the one which is unaffected by time and place .
the key concept , then , is really interest , the perennial [part] of politics , and the one which is unaffected by time and place .

Secondly , language being the usual vehicle of expression , linguistic meaning is a crucial component of social life .
secondly , language being the usual vehicle of expression , linguistic meaning is a crucial [part] of social life .

In Ireland , as in the Middle East , learning and scholarship were an integral component of the monastic system , and Irish libraries became depositories for material from all over the world .
in ireland , as in the middle east , learning and scholarship were an integral [part] of the monastic system , and irish libraries became depositories for material from all over the world .

Mosaic Law was actively propagated as a major component of Celtic Christianity .
mosaic law was actively propagated as a major [part] of celtic christianity .

The next section reports on our second multi-agency enumeration survey , which provided the empirical component of our forecast of Wirral 's heroin ‘ epidemic ’ .
the next section reports on our second multi-agency enumeration survey , which provided the empirical [part] of our forecast of wirral 's heroin ‘ epidemic ’ .

Comparison of the patterns of demographic change suggested by the overall and gerontic ratio illustrates the importance of looking at both the total population and its component segments .
comparison of the patterns of demographic change suggested by the overall and gerontic ratio illustrates the importance of looking at both the total population and its [part] segments .

The main subjective component of social isolation examined by social researchers relates to loneliness .
the main subjective [part] of social isolation examined by social researchers relates to loneliness .

Making comparisons of crude death rates across time or between populations is problematic as the rate is obviously influenced by the age composition of populations : a population with a large component of older people will illustrate a higher crude death rate than a population of the same size including a lot of younger people .
making comparisons of crude death rates across time or between populations is problematic as the rate is obviously influenced by the age composition of populations : a population with a large [part] of older people will illustrate a higher crude death rate than a population of the same size including a lot of younger people .

Both are characterised by a focal or multifocal pattern of distribution , abnormal cellular proliferation , and a genetic component .
both are characterised by a focal or multifocal pattern of distribution , abnormal cellular proliferation , and a genetic [part] .

Each component in the company 's comprehensive range is specifically designed for fast and simple installation .
each [part] in the company 's comprehensive range is specifically designed for fast and simple installation .

If we examine all the categories of total expenditure in the economy , then consumption of domestic products is only one component .
if we examine all the categories of total expenditure in the economy , then consumption of domestic products is only one [part] .

In addition , women 's earnings on average are far lower than men 's so almost certainly women will earn a lower earnings-related component than men .
in addition , women 's earnings on average are far lower than men 's so almost certainly women will earn a lower earnings-related [part] than men .

Survivors ' pensions , too , will be based on the earnings-related component of both spouses .
survivors ' pensions , too , will be based on the earnings-related [part] of both spouses .

They are a major and fundamental component of the system of the unconscious , as distinct from the conscious and preconscious systems .
they are a major and fundamental [part] of the system of the unconscious , as distinct from the conscious and preconscious systems .

The psychoanalytic movement , partly under Freud 's own direction , did develop the characteristics of a sectarian organization rather than those of an open scientific community , but this does not invalidate the arguments for psychoanalysis as potentially a key component of the human sciences .
the psychoanalytic movement , partly under freud 's own direction , did develop the characteristics of a sectarian organization rather than those of an open scientific community , but this does not invalidate the arguments for psychoanalysis as potentially a key [part] of the human sciences .

The neurotic 's suffering is an important component in analysis in that it provides motivational energy to the patient to work at his or her analysis .
the neurotic 's suffering is an important [part] in analysis in that it provides motivational energy to the patient to work at his or her analysis .

Following our view of sadism , we should say that the destructive component had entrenched itself in the super-ego and turned against the ego .
following our view of sadism , we should say that the destructive [part] had entrenched itself in the super-ego and turned against the ego .

His structuralist theory puts the stress as primary on the classificatory coding in totemism and the intellectual component rather than on the emotional ( or the social and emotional , as in Durkheim ) .
his structuralist theory puts the stress as primary on the classificatory coding in totemism and the intellectual [part] rather than on the emotional ( or the social and emotional , as in durkheim ) .

Civilization 's other important component , in addition to the technical means for controlling nature , is the corpus of regulations which exist for adjusting the relations between men .
civilization 's other important [part] , in addition to the technical means for controlling nature , is the corpus of regulations which exist for adjusting the relations between men .

In childhood , traumas have a sexual and aggressive component , the two not being distinguished by young children — the primal scene , when seen by a child under five , is taken to be an attack by father on mother .
in childhood , traumas have a sexual and aggressive [part] , the two not being distinguished by young children — the primal scene , when seen by a child under five , is taken to be an attack by father on mother .

the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component of such assembly
the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear [part] of such assembly

the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof .
the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear [part] thereof .

the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component of such assembly .
the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear [part] of such assembly .

the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component of such assembly .
the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear [part] of such assembly .

the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component of such assembly .
the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear [part] of such assembly .

the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component of such assembly .
the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear [part] of such assembly .

For example , a successful validation exercise in Singapore enabled the Board to add a manuscript transcription component to both the Private Secretary 's Certificate and to the Secretarial Studies Certificate .
for example , a successful validation exercise in singapore enabled the board to add a manuscript transcription [part] to both the private secretary 's certificate and to the secretarial studies certificate .

Candidates who are granted a referral will re-sit the referred component in December 1994 .
candidates who are granted a referral will re-sit the referred [part] in december 1994 .

Listening component an integral part of the course .
listening [part] an integral part of the course .

‘ Over a period of one year we were continually evaluating our frac pack job performance , changing one component at a time until we achieved well performance that has virtually eliminated problems caused by damage near the well bore , ’ Park says .
‘ over a period of one year we were continually evaluating our frac pack job performance , changing one [part] at a time until we achieved well performance that has virtually eliminated problems caused by damage near the well bore , ’ park says .

An integral component of restructuring has been the increased focus given to the Johnson Brothers ' brand .
an integral [part] of restructuring has been the increased focus given to the johnson brothers ' brand .

The other spin-off effect of the new law arises from the fact that under these regulations the organiser becomes responsible to the customer for all the component parts of the package .
the other spin-off effect of the new law arises from the fact that under these regulations the organiser becomes responsible to the customer for all the [part] parts of the package .

Students pursuing MPhil or PhD degrees in the department will be given the opportunity of attending postgraduate MSc courses taught as part of the Scottish Doctoral Programme ( a collaborative venture involving all eight Scottish universities and based at Glasgow , where the MSc component is taught ) .
students pursuing mphil or phd degrees in the department will be given the opportunity of attending postgraduate msc courses taught as part of the scottish doctoral programme ( a collaborative venture involving all eight scottish universities and based at glasgow , where the msc [part] is taught ) .

An optional translation component for native speakers of French , German , Italian or Spanish is offered if student numbers and staffing permit .
an optional translation [part] for native speakers of french , german , italian or spanish is offered if student numbers and staffing permit .

However , the degree also has a taught component , as students must attend at least one postgraduate seminar every term over the two-year period of the degree , and are examined on their work in these courses .
however , the degree also has a taught [part] , as students must attend at least one postgraduate seminar every term over the two-year period of the degree , and are examined on their work in these courses .

For home/EC students , courses are allocated to one of three fee bands ; at 1993–94 rates , these are as follows : £2,770 ( courses with a substantial laboratory or workshop component ) ; £4,985 ( clinical phases of medical , and veterinary courses ) ; £1,300 ( other courses ) .
for home/ec students , courses are allocated to one of three fee bands ; at 1993–94 rates , these are as follows : £2,770 ( courses with a substantial laboratory or workshop [part] ) ; £4,985 ( clinical phases of medical , and veterinary courses ) ; £1,300 ( other courses ) .

Students for whom French is the minor component in their degree spend two months in France during summer vacations , and some financial help is available from the University to enable them to do this .
students for whom french is the minor [part] in their degree spend two months in france during summer vacations , and some financial help is available from the university to enable them to do this .

The Scottish history component in the first year comprises an overview of Scottish history : this establishes the long-term trends in the history of the country and its people .
the scottish history [part] in the first year comprises an overview of scottish history : this establishes the long-term trends in the history of the country and its people .

In each case the honours subject occupies the whole of the final year with a research project as a major component .
in each case the honours subject occupies the whole of the final year with a research project as a major [part] .

An ‘ Engineering Applications ’ laboratory is available , which ensures that the practical component of the course is prominent in the first and second years .
an ‘ engineering applications ’ laboratory is available , which ensures that the practical [part] of the course is prominent in the first and second years .

In the third year , five structured design projects , stretching over the entire academic year , continue the strong applications component of the course , and introduce an ‘ industrial ’ influence .
in the third year , five structured design projects , stretching over the entire academic year , continue the strong applications [part] of the course , and introduce an ‘ industrial ’ influence .

Within the Geography component of the degree , first year provides a common foundation .
within the geography [part] of the degree , first year provides a common foundation .

Within the Geography component of the degree , the first-year foundation course covers the major global issues of population , environment and resources .
within the geography [part] of the degree , the first-year foundation course covers the major global issues of population , environment and resources .

The study of wider social , economic and organisational issues in health care is a major component .
the study of wider social , economic and organisational issues in health care is a major [part] .

The greatest mean overall reduction in visual analogue scales was seen in the placebo group ( fig 4 ) ; however , there were no significant differences from placebo at 16 weeks in total score or in any component .
the greatest mean overall reduction in visual analogue scales was seen in the placebo group ( fig 4 ) ; however , there were no significant differences from placebo at 16 weeks in total score or in any [part] .

The history of the medical management of neural tube defects indicates that developmental abnormalities should not be considered an irreducible component of human disease .
the history of the medical management of neural tube defects indicates that developmental abnormalities should not be considered an irreducible [part] of human disease .

In 1465 he received the most valuable component of his early endowment , the duchy lordships of Bolingbroke ( Lincs . )
in 1465 he received the most valuable [part] of his early endowment , the duchy lordships of bolingbroke ( lincs . )

The main component of Gloucester 's landed influence in the north was the former Neville land centred on Middleham , Sheriff Hutton and Penrith .
the main [part] of gloucester 's landed influence in the north was the former neville land centred on middleham , sheriff hutton and penrith .

On the contrary , ducal influence in East Anglia should probably be seen as another component of this influential court connection .
on the contrary , ducal influence in east anglia should probably be seen as another [part] of this influential court connection .

The assumption that Gloucester would be a more satisfactory component of royal authority in Wales proved justified , and on the rare occasions for which evidence survives he does seem to have co-operated with the council .
the assumption that gloucester would be a more satisfactory [part] of royal authority in wales proved justified , and on the rare occasions for which evidence survives he does seem to have co-operated with the council .

But , like any major retinue , his affinity did have a non-regional component .
but , like any major retinue , his affinity did have a non-regional [part] .

Lysolecithin was the smallest component in the duodenal ulcer and chronic atrophic gastritis groups .
lysolecithin was the smallest [part] in the duodenal ulcer and chronic atrophic gastritis groups .

There was a small but significant increase in phosphatidylethanolamine in duodenal ulcer patients compared with controls , whereas the lipid component was consistently and significantly lower in chronic atrophic gastritis patients .
there was a small but significant increase in phosphatidylethanolamine in duodenal ulcer patients compared with controls , whereas the lipid [part] was consistently and significantly lower in chronic atrophic gastritis patients .

Fasting concentrations of bile salts in the upper small bowel have been measured at 3–4 mmol/l ; the major component of the bile salts being conjugated to taurine or glycine .
fasting concentrations of bile salts in the upper small bowel have been measured at 3–4 mmol/l ; the major [part] of the bile salts being conjugated to taurine or glycine .

It is therefore not unreasonable to propose that bile salts might be the inhibitory component in the venous effluent .
it is therefore not unreasonable to propose that bile salts might be the inhibitory [part] in the venous effluent .

Together with van de Kamer and Weyers , he subsequently published that the alcohol soluble or the gliadin component of the water insoluble protein or gluten moiety of wheat , was responsible for the fat malabsorption in patients with coeliac disease .
together with van de kamer and weyers , he subsequently published that the alcohol soluble or the gliadin [part] of the water insoluble protein or gluten moiety of wheat , was responsible for the fat malabsorption in patients with coeliac disease .

Thrombolytic therapy has been based on the premise that dissolution of the fibrin component of a thrombus is necessary and sufficient for recanalisation .
thrombolytic therapy has been based on the premise that dissolution of the fibrin [part] of a thrombus is necessary and sufficient for recanalisation .

Describe the nature of qualitative factors and give three examples that may influence a decision to make a component rather than buy it from another firm .
describe the nature of qualitative factors and give three examples that may influence a decision to make a [part] rather than buy it from another firm .

Quality : If a firm makes a component rather than buys it from an external party it has greater control over the quality of the component .
quality : if a firm makes a [part] rather than buys it from an external party it has greater control over the quality of the [part] .

Reliability in supplies : It is likely that a firm has greater control over reliability of supplies if it makes a component rather than buying it in from another firm .
reliability in supplies : it is likely that a firm has greater control over reliability of supplies if it makes a [part] rather than buying it in from another firm .

For example , the cost of buying a component externally may be less than the cost of making the component however , the potential supplier may have a history of poor industrial relations which may jeopardize supplies periodically ; this factor may be significant in the decision to make or buy .
for example , the cost of buying a [part] externally may be less than the cost of making the [part] however , the potential supplier may have a history of poor industrial relations which may jeopardize supplies periodically ; this factor may be significant in the decision to make or buy .

After-sales service : When a firm sells a product that embodies a component purchased externally it may find it difficult to service the product if the component is the cause of the malfunction of the product .
after-sales service : when a firm sells a product that embodies a [part] purchased externally it may find it difficult to service the product if the [part] is the cause of the malfunction of the product .

4 patients had complete abolition of the bone component of the hypercalcaemia by day 5 and 1 had more than a 50 % reduction on day 3 .
4 patients had complete abolition of the bone [part] of the hypercalcaemia by day 5 and 1 had more than a 50 % reduction on day 3 .

Mean bone resorption component fell from 0.4 to 0.1 mmol/L ( range 0.17–0.78 pretreatment , 0.1–0.48 post-treatment ) .
mean bone resorption [part] fell from 0.4 to 0.1 mmol/l ( range 0.17–0.78 pretreatment , 0.1–0.48 post-treatment ) .

The renal tubular component improved in 4 and increased in 1 .
the renal tubular [part] improved in 4 and increased in 1 .

Mean tubular component fell from 0.4 to 0.24 mmol/L ( range 0.66–0.48 pretreatment , 0.14–0.55 post-treatment ) .
mean tubular [part] fell from 0.4 to 0.24 mmol/l ( range 0.66–0.48 pretreatment , 0.14–0.55 post-treatment ) .

These studies suggest that there may be a genetic component to the transmission of anorexia nervosa ; however , it is not at all clear what is inherited .
these studies suggest that there may be a genetic [part] to the transmission of anorexia nervosa ; however , it is not at all clear what is inherited .

List Package gives you a full or partial listing of an entire package structure , showing component names , version selected , how selected , warning you if that is not the latest version , the filename it would be read out into , and any DCs referring to the component .
list package gives you a full or partial listing of an entire package structure , showing [part] names , version selected , how selected , warning you if that is not the latest version , the filename it would be read out into , and any dcs referring to the [part] .

, as a very high quality component of crystal glass .
, as a very high quality [part] of crystal glass .

Since we must have some way of linking each component to the next one in the structure , each component must contain a link or pointer that points to the next component in the structure .
since we must have some way of linking each [part] to the next one in the structure , each [part] must contain a link or pointer that points to the next [part] in the structure .

The record is ideal as a component of a dynamic data structure .
the record is ideal as a [part] of a dynamic data structure .

In 1801 John Dalton stated that the total pressure of a mixture of gases equals the sum of the partial pressures of the component gases .
in 1801 john dalton stated that the total pressure of a mixture of gases equals the sum of the partial pressures of the [part] gases .

The partial pressure of a component gas is the pressure the gas would exert if it alone occupied the total volume at the same temperature .
the partial pressure of a [part] gas is the pressure the gas would exert if it alone occupied the total volume at the same temperature .

Dalton 's law can be expressed mathematically where is the partial pressure of component a and so on .
dalton 's law can be expressed mathematically where is the partial pressure of [part] a and so on .

The partial pressure of a component gas can be calculated if the masses of the component gases in a container are known .
the partial pressure of a [part] gas can be calculated if the masses of the [part] gases in a container are known .

The partial pressure of component a is given by the ideal gas equation as If we repeat this for all the components and substitute these expressions into equation ( 7 ) we obtain By combining equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) we obtain The quantity is known as the mole fraction of component a .
the partial pressure of [part] a is given by the ideal gas equation as if we repeat this for all the components and substitute these expressions into equation ( 7 ) we obtain by combining equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) we obtain the quantity is known as the mole fraction of [part] a .

This branch of thermodynamics applies the laws of statistics to component microscopic particles .
this branch of thermodynamics applies the laws of statistics to [part] microscopic particles .

There is thus little or no tendency for molecules of one component to hinder or help the escape into the vapour phase of molecules of the other component .
there is thus little or no tendency for molecules of one [part] to hinder or help the escape into the vapour phase of molecules of the other [part] .

The total pressure of the two components and the partial pressure of the more volatile component increase as the mole fraction of the more volatile component increases .
the total pressure of the two components and the partial pressure of the more volatile [part] increase as the mole fraction of the more volatile [part] increases .

The partial vapour pressure of the less volatile component decreases at the same time .
the partial vapour pressure of the less volatile [part] decreases at the same time .

The more volatile component is the one whose molecules have a greater tendency to escape into the vapour phase .
the more volatile [part] is the one whose molecules have a greater tendency to escape into the vapour phase .

The more volatile component is thus the one with the higher vapour pressure .
the more volatile [part] is thus the one with the higher vapour pressure .

Since the total vapour pressure is higher than that of either component , the temperature at which the mixture boils is lower than that of either component .
since the total vapour pressure is higher than that of either [part] , the temperature at which the mixture boils is lower than that of either [part] .

We noted in the previous section that the addition of a second component to a liquid can lower the freezing point ( see figure 6.33 ) .
we noted in the previous section that the addition of a second [part] to a liquid can lower the freezing point ( see figure 6.33 ) .

The solid adsorbs a portion of each component in the mixture .
the solid adsorbs a portion of each [part] in the mixture .

In both types of chromatography , portions of each component remain dissolved in the mobile phase .
in both types of chromatography , portions of each [part] remain dissolved in the mobile phase .

Gena Corea , a co-founder of the National Coalition Against Surrogacy quoted from the American Fertility Society 's ethical report , ’ The primary medical indication for use of a surrogate mother is the inability of a woman to provide with the genetic ( the egg ) or the gestation component ( the uterus ) for childbearing ’ .
gena corea , a co-founder of the national coalition against surrogacy quoted from the american fertility society 's ethical report , ’ the primary medical indication for use of a surrogate mother is the inability of a woman to provide with the genetic ( the egg ) or the gestation [part] ( the uterus ) for childbearing ’ .

Whether this was a firm intention , which he might reconsider , or a tactic designed to reveal potential rivals for the presidency was itself a component of the speculation .
whether this was a firm intention , which he might reconsider , or a tactic designed to reveal potential rivals for the presidency was itself a [part] of the speculation .

In late December , the leader of the Democrat Party ( one component of the ruling six-party coalition ) , Bichai Rattakul , had resigned as Deputy Prime Minister [ see p. 37121 ] following the rejection of his request for a Cabinet review of Thamrong 's appointment .
in late december , the leader of the democrat party ( one [part] of the ruling six-party coalition ) , bichai rattakul , had resigned as deputy prime minister [ see p. 37121 ] following the rejection of his request for a cabinet review of thamrong 's appointment .

To alleviate this problem a `` Paris Club `` meeting of major foreign aid donors in April 1989 agreed to reduce the necessary local component of investment from 20 per cent to 13 per cent .
to alleviate this problem a `` paris club `` meeting of major foreign aid donors in april 1989 agreed to reduce the necessary local [part] of investment from 20 per cent to 13 per cent .

One component of the tax reform had already been abandoned , namely the withholding tax on most forms of savings and investments .
one [part] of the tax reform had already been abandoned , namely the withholding tax on most forms of savings and investments .

The election was contested by Om Prakash Chauthala , Haryana 's Chief Minister , on behalf of Janata Dal , the ruling party in the state and the main component of the centrally governing National Front coalition .
the election was contested by om prakash chauthala , haryana 's chief minister , on behalf of janata dal , the ruling party in the state and the main [part] of the centrally governing national front coalition .

The interim coalition government , formed in November 1989 following an inconclusive general election , collapsed on Feb. 12 when all three component parties withdrew their ministers .
the interim coalition government , formed in november 1989 following an inconclusive general election , collapsed on feb. 12 when all three [part] parties withdrew their ministers .

Sharon announced his resignation at the start of a meeting of the central committee of the Likud party ( the principal component of the country 's ruling coalition ) .
sharon announced his resignation at the start of a meeting of the central committee of the likud party ( the principal [part] of the country 's ruling coalition ) .

The eurobond market is a key component both of the international capital markets per se and of the financial activity of the City of London .
the eurobond market is a key [part] both of the international capital markets per se and of the financial activity of the city of london .

All five of these writers engage in various ways with , and with differing emphasis on , the component parts of this story .
all five of these writers engage in various ways with , and with differing emphasis on , the [part] parts of this story .

But immediately Hilton makes it clear that such a life-style involves an active life of its own if the peace that is sought is to be found , for it may not be had : This has been defined earlier as : Such an active component of spiritual endeavour is a concomitant of man 's temporal nature .
but immediately hilton makes it clear that such a life-style involves an active life of its own if the peace that is sought is to be found , for it may not be had : this has been defined earlier as : such an active [part] of spiritual endeavour is a concomitant of man 's temporal nature .

This research project is the British component of the final stage of a comparative study in eight nations .
this research project is the british [part] of the final stage of a comparative study in eight nations .

Each has a social component so that potentially the social significance of various rates , ratios and relationships can be used to interpret trends .
each has a social [part] so that potentially the social significance of various rates , ratios and relationships can be used to interpret trends .

The use of live animals is an integral component of much research in the biological sciences , medicine , veterinary and agricultural science and psychology , in contents ranging from fundamental science to the chemical testing of household products .
the use of live animals is an integral [part] of much research in the biological sciences , medicine , veterinary and agricultural science and psychology , in contents ranging from fundamental science to the chemical testing of household products .

Sperber and Wilson 's Relevance Theory offers a suitable framework for the pragmatic component .
sperber and wilson 's relevance theory offers a suitable framework for the pragmatic [part] .

The project also contains a cross-national component .
the project also contains a cross-national [part] .

The third focus was on the local community , and how agencies such as local political parties , trade unions , social welfare agencies and so on interpreted , dealt with and influenced the way in which unemployment was experienced in the locality , this component was studied by means of more qualitative interviews with community leaders .
the third focus was on the local community , and how agencies such as local political parties , trade unions , social welfare agencies and so on interpreted , dealt with and influenced the way in which unemployment was experienced in the locality , this [part] was studied by means of more qualitative interviews with community leaders .

Supplementary information is being obtained from local histories and court records , and there is also an ‘ oral history ’ component .
supplementary information is being obtained from local histories and court records , and there is also an ‘ oral history ’ [part] .

As a result of the Pilot Study , it was decided to proceed with a seven day diary rather than a one day diary , but that a methodological component should be built into the Survey to monitor the quality of the data .
as a result of the pilot study , it was decided to proceed with a seven day diary rather than a one day diary , but that a methodological [part] should be built into the survey to monitor the quality of the data .

This research project is part of a research program intended to identify any causal component in the association between low income and poor health .
this research project is part of a research program intended to identify any causal [part] in the association between low income and poor health .

Advocates of liberal education and especially of its science component argue plausibly for its effect on pupils ' ability to think logically , but the evidence for such an effect is not substantial .
advocates of liberal education and especially of its science [part] argue plausibly for its effect on pupils ' ability to think logically , but the evidence for such an effect is not substantial .

Professional producer services , such as accountancy , advertising agencies , merchant banks and legal practices , have become an increasingly important component in the British economy during the last 15 years .
professional producer services , such as accountancy , advertising agencies , merchant banks and legal practices , have become an increasingly important [part] in the british economy during the last 15 years .

In this climate , the idea of planning gain has been floated as a means of reconciling development and conservation by making a ‘ green ’ component , such a nature reserve , a necessary condition for permitting a development scheme to go ahead .
in this climate , the idea of planning gain has been floated as a means of reconciling development and conservation by making a ‘ green ’ [part] , such a nature reserve , a necessary condition for permitting a development scheme to go ahead .

Every aspect of construction , from component design to manufacture , is under the control of local companies .
every aspect of construction , from [part] design to manufacture , is under the control of local companies .

In order to maximise the long term impact this sports component has on participation in Scotland a Sports Information Point will be in operation throughout the Festival 's duration .
in order to maximise the long term impact this sports [part] has on participation in scotland a sports information point will be in operation throughout the festival 's duration .

For single-stack variable-reluctance stepping motors the direct summation is not strictly valid , since the mutual inductance between phases contributes an additional torque component ( Fitzgerald and Kingsley , 1952 ) .
for single-stack variable-reluctance stepping motors the direct summation is not strictly valid , since the mutual inductance between phases contributes an additional torque [part] ( fitzgerald and kingsley , 1952 ) .

3.8 , or a separate component .
3.8 , or a separate [part] .

4.4 it is apparent that the total torque produced by the motor is maximised if each phase is excited whenever it can contribute a positive torque component .
4.4 it is apparent that the total torque produced by the motor is maximised if each phase is excited whenever it can contribute a positive torque [part] .

As the induced voltage is essentially sinusoidal only the sinusoidal component of phase current at the same frequency is required for the torque calculations .
as the induced voltage is essentially sinusoidal only the sinusoidal [part] of phase current at the same frequency is required for the torque calculations .

( 5.2 ) gives an expression for the variation of induced voltage : The frequency of the induced voltage is equal to the frequency of the fundamental component of the supply voltage and so it is the fundamental component of phase current which is required for the torque calculations .
( 5.2 ) gives an expression for the variation of induced voltage : the frequency of the induced voltage is equal to the frequency of the fundamental [part] of the supply voltage and so it is the fundamental [part] of phase current which is required for the torque calculations .

As the phase circuit model contains no other non-linearities , the fundamental component of phase current is produced entirely by the fundamental component of phase voltage .
as the phase circuit model contains no other non-linearities , the fundamental [part] of phase current is produced entirely by the fundamental [part] of phase voltage .

This component needs to be calculated according to the excitation scheme being used .
this [part] needs to be calculated according to the excitation scheme being used .

It must be emphasised that this phasor diagram applies only to the fundamental current component and that the complete phase current waveform contains many other higher frequency components , which do not contribute to the torque produced by the motor .
it must be emphasised that this phasor diagram applies only to the fundamental current [part] and that the complete phase current waveform contains many other higher frequency components , which do not contribute to the torque produced by the motor .

The expression can only produce a constant term if both and have equal frequencies and , since has only a fundamental component , it is the corresponding component of which is required .
the expression can only produce a constant term if both and have equal frequencies and , since has only a fundamental [part] , it is the corresponding [part] of which is required .

Therefore with one-phase-on operation of the hybrid motor the fundamental component of the phase voltage increases with speed and consequently the pull-out torque at high speeds is greater than that predicted by Eqn .
therefore with one-phase-on operation of the hybrid motor the fundamental [part] of the phase voltage increases with speed and consequently the pull-out torque at high speeds is greater than that predicted by eqn .

( 5.26 ) contains no speed-dependent terms and therefore , as might be expected , the d. c. component of current is constant over the entire speed range .
( 5.26 ) contains no speed-dependent terms and therefore , as might be expected , the d. c. [part] of current is constant over the entire speed range .

( 5.17 ) , ( 5.20 ) and ( 5.25 ) : The constant component of torque in this expression arises from the product of the w terms in the two factors : and this has a maximum value when a = 0 , giving a pull-out torque at low speeds : This is a contribution of the d.c. and fundamental current components to the pull-out torque .
( 5.17 ) , ( 5.20 ) and ( 5.25 ) : the constant [part] of torque in this expression arises from the product of the w terms in the two factors : and this has a maximum value when a = 0 , giving a pull-out torque at low speeds : this is a contribution of the d.c. and fundamental current components to the pull-out torque .

The fundamental component is given by : and so with .
the fundamental [part] is given by : and so with .

For both hybrid and variable-reluctance stepping motors the fundamental component of phase voltage is [ from Eqns .
for both hybrid and variable-reluctance stepping motors the fundamental [part] of phase voltage is [ from eqns .

( 5.7 ) and ( 5.24 ) ] : where is the angular frequency of the supply fundamental component , is the number of rotor teeth and is the load angle .
( 5.7 ) and ( 5.24 ) ] : where is the angular frequency of the supply fundamental [part] , is the number of rotor teeth and is the load angle .

An especially important component of a gene 's environment is other genes .
an especially important [part] of a gene 's environment is other genes .

The general reason why this is such an important component is that other genes also change , as generations go by in evolution .
the general reason why this is such an important [part] is that other genes also change , as generations go by in evolution .

Newton discovered that if light from the sun passes through a triangular-shaped piece of glass , called a prism , it breaks up into its component colours ( its spectrum ) as in a rainbow .
newton discovered that if light from the sun passes through a triangular-shaped piece of glass , called a prism , it breaks up into its [part] colours ( its spectrum ) as in a rainbow .

However most of the impact of the interest rate rise was on the residential investment ( housing ) component of gross investment , which fell by 3.2 % and 4.1 % over the same lagged periods .
however most of the impact of the interest rate rise was on the residential investment ( housing ) [part] of gross investment , which fell by 3.2 % and 4.1 % over the same lagged periods .

In the short run , investment may be seen mainly as a component of aggregate demand which , if increased , will have the effect of stimulating the economy and , through the multiplier , substantially raising the level of National Income .
in the short run , investment may be seen mainly as a [part] of aggregate demand which , if increased , will have the effect of stimulating the economy and , through the multiplier , substantially raising the level of national income .

Where a defective product is used as a component by another manufacturer , there will be two defective products and two producers .
where a defective product is used as a [part] by another manufacturer , there will be two defective products and two producers .

Whichever he sues , he can not include a claim for damage done to the component or to the larger item which was supplied with the component comprised in it .
whichever he sues , he can not include a claim for damage done to the [part] or to the larger item which was supplied with the [part] comprised in it .

The care component of the disability living allowance is not taken into account for income support .
the care [part] of the disability living allowance is not taken into account for income support .

The client receives a mobility component which is paid direct to Motability for her car .
the client receives a mobility [part] which is paid direct to motability for her car .

This means that a static discharge such as the spark you sometimes see , and feel , between a key and a door handle , will damage or destroy the component .
this means that a static discharge such as the spark you sometimes see , and feel , between a key and a door handle , will damage or destroy the [part] .

You have started with a high level concept and broken it down into component parts .
you have started with a high level concept and broken it down into [part] parts .

But , if you can isolate the component , it might be possible to swap it for a new one at minimum cost .
but , if you can isolate the [part] , it might be possible to swap it for a new one at minimum cost .

You have started with a high level concept and broken it down into component parts .
you have started with a high level concept and broken it down into [part] parts .

The next stage is to extend the approval to cover the repair and overhaul of engine components which will involve the new component repair facility at Kirkhill .
the next stage is to extend the approval to cover the repair and overhaul of engine components which will involve the new [part] repair facility at kirkhill .

‘ We also have at our disposal some of the best industrial turbine component repair facilities world-wide , operated by our sister company , Rolls Wood Group . ’
‘ we also have at our disposal some of the best industrial turbine [part] repair facilities world-wide , operated by our sister company , rolls wood group . ’

£2 million was spent on building and equipping the component repair facility for Rolls Wood Group at Kirkhill in Dyce .
£2 million was spent on building and equipping the [part] repair facility for rolls wood group at kirkhill in dyce .

For the portrait of her novelist friend is just as much posed according to established iconographic formulae , those for representing ‘ meditation ’ which is related to ‘ invention ’ the intellectual component of the art making process .
for the portrait of her novelist friend is just as much posed according to established iconographic formulae , those for representing ‘ meditation ’ which is related to ‘ invention ’ the intellectual [part] of the art making process .

Reproducing a smooth waveform in digital code requires a very high rate of sampling every second , particularly if the wave is complex with many different component frequencies .
reproducing a smooth waveform in digital code requires a very high rate of sampling every second , particularly if the wave is complex with many different [part] frequencies .

In this latter case , we are considering a form of videoconferencing and there seems little doubt that desktop , dial-up videoconferencing is going to become a major area of growth both as an application in itself and as a component of other multimedia applications .
in this latter case , we are considering a form of videoconferencing and there seems little doubt that desktop , dial-up videoconferencing is going to become a major area of growth both as an application in itself and as a [part] of other multimedia applications .

It is already clear that connectivity will be a major component of future information systems .
it is already clear that connectivity will be a major [part] of future information systems .

The idea that p53 may be an essential component of the apoptotic pathway suffered a set-back when it was found that mice without any p53 gene were viable .
the idea that p53 may be an essential [part] of the apoptotic pathway suffered a set-back when it was found that mice without any p53 gene were viable .

The significance of the oxygen isotope data reported by Woodhead and colleagues is that they appear to require an upper crustal or sedimentary component in the lavas of the Pitcairn seamounts .
the significance of the oxygen isotope data reported by woodhead and colleagues is that they appear to require an upper crustal or sedimentary [part] in the lavas of the pitcairn seamounts .

The total number of possible ways in which the component molecules can be arranged on the lattice increases when mixing takes place and is equal to , but as the interchanging of a molecule of ( 1 ) with another molecule ( 1 ) , or ( 2 ) with ( 2 ) will be an indistinguishable process , the net number of distinguishable arrangements will be
the total number of possible ways in which the [part] molecules can be arranged on the lattice increases when mixing takes place and is equal to , but as the interchanging of a molecule of ( 1 ) with another molecule ( 1 ) , or ( 2 ) with ( 2 ) will be an indistinguishable process , the net number of distinguishable arrangements will be

Experiments tend to show that the major contribution comes from the χ s component , indicating that there is a large decrease in entropy ( non-combinatorial ) which is acting against the dissolution process of a polymer in a solvent .
experiments tend to show that the major contribution comes from the χ s [part] , indicating that there is a large decrease in entropy ( non-combinatorial ) which is acting against the dissolution process of a polymer in a solvent .

Consider a two component system consisting of a liquid ( 1 ) which is a poor solvent for a polymer ( 2 ) .
consider a two [part] system consisting of a liquid ( 1 ) which is a poor solvent for a polymer ( 2 ) .

It is also true that the partial molar Gibbs free energies of each component are equal at this point and it emerges that the conditions for incipient phase separation are
it is also true that the partial molar gibbs free energies of each [part] are equal at this point and it emerges that the conditions for incipient phase separation are

This structural factor is a measure of the number of external degrees of freedom per segment and changes with the length of the component .
this structural factor is a measure of the number of external degrees of freedom per segment and changes with the length of the [part] .

Unfortunately , solubility is not a simple process and secondary bonding may play an important role in determining component interactions .
unfortunately , solubility is not a simple process and secondary bonding may play an important role in determining [part] interactions .

When a solute , such as a polymer ( component 2 ) , is dissolved in a solvent ( component 1 ) to form a homogeneous solution , there is a change in the chemical potential which can be expressed in terms of the activity of the solvent a 1 .
when a solute , such as a polymer ( [part] 2 ) , is dissolved in a solvent ( [part] 1 ) to form a homogeneous solution , there is a change in the chemical potential which can be expressed in terms of the activity of the solvent a 1 .

This shows that is composed of two frequency dependent components ; is the real part in phase with the strain called the storage modulus , and is the loss modulus defined as the ratio of the component 90° out of phase with the stress to the stress itself .
this shows that is composed of two frequency dependent components ; is the real part in phase with the strain called the storage modulus , and is the loss modulus defined as the ratio of the [part] 90° out of phase with the stress to the stress itself .

Each subtractive primary can be thought of as taking away a component from white ; thus yellow is , ‘ minus blue ’ and magenta is ‘ minus green ’ so a mixture of yellow and magenta inks will produce white minus blue minus green — in other words , red .
each subtractive primary can be thought of as taking away a [part] from white ; thus yellow is , ‘ minus blue ’ and magenta is ‘ minus green ’ so a mixture of yellow and magenta inks will produce white minus blue minus green — in other words , red .

It is therefore necessary to know how the component variables of the system interact with each other .
it is therefore necessary to know how the [part] variables of the system interact with each other .

Much of geography over the last 40 years has been concerned with analysing these subsystems by breaking down each subsystem into ever smaller component parts and studying these parts , and their interrelationships , at an increasing level of detail .
much of geography over the last 40 years has been concerned with analysing these subsystems by breaking down each subsystem into ever smaller [part] parts and studying these parts , and their interrelationships , at an increasing level of detail .

By ensuring that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .
by ensuring that each [part] of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .

It identifies each component by its part number and displays the assembly sequence in a series of levels .
it identifies each [part] by its part number and displays the assembly sequence in a series of levels .

If ‘ in depth ’ knowledge of the component is important to the company .
if ‘ in depth ’ knowledge of the [part] is important to the company .

‘ Work which represented a literalist abstraction , seemed to threaten the potent and ideological and economic component of modernism — the idea of art as expressive subjectivity , the emblem of individualism . ’
‘ work which represented a literalist abstraction , seemed to threaten the potent and ideological and economic [part] of modernism — the idea of art as expressive subjectivity , the emblem of individualism . ’

The earlier style in window tracery is usually Geometric , based on the circle and its component parts and shapes , and the later style , Curvilinear , is composed of curved lines sweeping in all directions , based mainly on the ogee curve .
the earlier style in window tracery is usually geometric , based on the circle and its [part] parts and shapes , and the later style , curvilinear , is composed of curved lines sweeping in all directions , based mainly on the ogee curve .

Clearly , it is the basis of the local economy but at the same time it is the key component in marriage settlements .
clearly , it is the basis of the local economy but at the same time it is the key [part] in marriage settlements .

It is still an important component of marriage settlements , and it is an element of prestige : it can give independence of employers and it is a security for a man attempting upward social mobility .
it is still an important [part] of marriage settlements , and it is an element of prestige : it can give independence of employers and it is a security for a man attempting upward social mobility .

The ability of a husband to support his wife and children is as important a component of his honour as his control of his wife 's sexuality .
the ability of a husband to support his wife and children is as important a [part] of his honour as his control of his wife 's sexuality .

The thin oil that coated each vital component , the enamel and metal tapes were warm enough to aromatize the air as fast as the air-conditioning changed it .
the thin oil that coated each vital [part] , the enamel and metal tapes were warm enough to aromatize the air as fast as the air-conditioning changed it .

As Dr O'Brien has recently pointed out , in effect British governments between 1714 and 1815 constructed a revenue system from component parts which enabled them to increase tax revenues per head from Europe 's most rapidly growing population much more successfully than the French from the end of the eighteenth century , despite having been less heavily taxed up to then .
as dr o'brien has recently pointed out , in effect british governments between 1714 and 1815 constructed a revenue system from [part] parts which enabled them to increase tax revenues per head from europe 's most rapidly growing population much more successfully than the french from the end of the eighteenth century , despite having been less heavily taxed up to then .

The base component produces a deep structure tree .
the base [part] produces a deep structure tree .

The transformational component is a set of tree-rewrite rules which specify how to produce surface structure trees from the deep structure tree .
the transformational [part] is a set of tree-rewrite rules which specify how to produce surface structure trees from the deep structure tree .

The moral component of the New Right 's population ideology , on the other hand , is based upon the sanctity of family life and the rights of the foetus .
the moral [part] of the new right 's population ideology , on the other hand , is based upon the sanctity of family life and the rights of the foetus .

Humility , therefore , is an essential component of development work .
humility , therefore , is an essential [part] of development work .

over the combined budgets of its two component parts .
over the combined budgets of its two [part] parts .

Member for Garscadden then considered the Scottish Enterprise and the Highlands and Islands Enterprise budgets and , because that was good news , he immediately tried to take the Lanarkshire component out of it .
member for garscadden then considered the scottish enterprise and the highlands and islands enterprise budgets and , because that was good news , he immediately tried to take the lanarkshire [part] out of it .

However , to a large extent , the Lanarkshire component is part of that budget , and it would be wrong to take it out .
however , to a large extent , the lanarkshire [part] is part of that budget , and it would be wrong to take it out .

Nurse prescribing should be an important component of care for those who have long-term continuing needs , but are living in the community .
nurse prescribing should be an important [part] of care for those who have long-term continuing needs , but are living in the community .

That is a vitally necessary component of creating a free and open market there — but it necessarily brings with it great short-term difficulties .
that is a vitally necessary [part] of creating a free and open market there — but it necessarily brings with it great short-term difficulties .

The Bill provides for the direct payment to qualifying lenders of the mortgage interest component of income support .
the bill provides for the direct payment to qualifying lenders of the mortgage interest [part] of income support .

By general agreement , the Palestinian component of the joint Jordanian-Palestinian delegation handled itself extremely well — indeed , with distinction — at the Madrid conference .
by general agreement , the palestinian [part] of the joint jordanian-palestinian delegation handled itself extremely well — indeed , with distinction — at the madrid conference .

We try to make it clear to people in Hong Kong and to the Government of China that the main component in our relationship with the People 's Republic of China must be Hong Kong and carrying the 1984 agreement to success .
we try to make it clear to people in hong kong and to the government of china that the main [part] in our relationship with the people 's republic of china must be hong kong and carrying the 1984 agreement to success .

— the finest and most exciting town in the country ? When my right hon. Friend does so , will he tell my constituents that there has been a record reduction in the number of strikes and that we now have the best figures for decades ? Does he agree that such improvements are a key component in a strong economy and that they have been achieved through the Government 's industrial relations laws , which the Opposition parties wish to repeal ?
— the finest and most exciting town in the country ? when my right hon. friend does so , will he tell my constituents that there has been a record reduction in the number of strikes and that we now have the best figures for decades ? does he agree that such improvements are a key [part] in a strong economy and that they have been achieved through the government 's industrial relations laws , which the opposition parties wish to repeal ?

That is a vital component of the nation 's action on the environment , because only business can actually deliver environmental improvements .
that is a vital [part] of the nation 's action on the environment , because only business can actually deliver environmental improvements .

The theoretical component of the work involves identifying the stage
the theoretical [part] of the work involves identifying the stage

Thus , we all agree that one component of a building is a roof ( and not vice versa ! )
thus , we all agree that one [part] of a building is a roof ( and not vice versa ! )

There is more to effective information retrieval than indexing , though this is certainly an essential component of the process .
there is more to effective information retrieval than indexing , though this is certainly an essential [part] of the process .

The enumeration in such schemes reflects an analytical approach to knowledge , with subjects subdivided into their component subfields .
the enumeration in such schemes reflects an analytical approach to knowledge , with subjects subdivided into their [part] subfields .

For systematic treatment , the former must be divided into their component , single-concept subjects .
for systematic treatment , the former must be divided into their [part] , single-concept subjects .

In addition , an appreciation of the distinction between such general schemes and special classification schemes is a component of the complete appreciation of classification practice .
in addition , an appreciation of the distinction between such general schemes and special classification schemes is a [part] of the complete appreciation of classification practice .

/ is used to indicate a broader heading in the same way as + , the only difference being that the component subjects are normally found adjacent to one another in the basic sequence .
/ is used to indicate a broader heading in the same way as + , the only difference being that the [part] subjects are normally found adjacent to one another in the basic sequence .

The generations of Marxists who have lived through the grievous experience of Fascism and who , in another order of things , have experienced Stalinist degeneration , appraise the concept of democracy in a different way [ from Lenin ] , and not in opposition to socialism and communism , but as a road towards them and as a main component of them . ( p. 90 ) and further :
the generations of marxists who have lived through the grievous experience of fascism and who , in another order of things , have experienced stalinist degeneration , appraise the concept of democracy in a different way [ from lenin ] , and not in opposition to socialism and communism , but as a road towards them and as a main [part] of them . ( p. 90 ) and further :

Yes , she had recognised pride as an intrinsic component of his personal make-up , and the fact that it could permit him to ignore or override her resistance , her hostility , her hatred , was probably the true measure of his confidence in her ultimate surrender .
yes , she had recognised pride as an intrinsic [part] of his personal make-up , and the fact that it could permit him to ignore or override her resistance , her hostility , her hatred , was probably the true measure of his confidence in her ultimate surrender .

In this simplified version of the model , the equilibrium variance of wage income is that associated with the random component , and this also feeds into the variance of wealth .
in this simplified version of the model , the equilibrium variance of wage income is that associated with the random [part] , and this also feeds into the variance of wealth .

Of course , they may be due to the stochastic component of the process and therefore be unpredictable , or they may be due to the systematic or predictable component .
of course , they may be due to the stochastic [part] of the process and therefore be unpredictable , or they may be due to the systematic or predictable [part] .

We shall assume that g is known and we shall treat g as the predictable component of monetary growth ; on the other hand , v t is not known and is therefore the unpredictable component .
we shall assume that g is known and we shall treat g as the predictable [part] of monetary growth ; on the other hand , v t is not known and is therefore the unpredictable [part] .

First , only the unpredictable component of monetary growth v t affects real output .
first , only the unpredictable [part] of monetary growth v t affects real output .

The predictable component , g , does not appear in equation ( 4.14 ) , which means that it does not influence real output .
the predictable [part] , g , does not appear in equation ( 4.14 ) , which means that it does not influence real output .

Recall that we assumed that the nominal quantity of money in the economy , m t , was determined in the following simple way : where g is a known constant ; and v t is a random , serially uncorrelated variable with mean zero , which represents the unpredictable component of the quantity of money , and which we might think of as arising because of , say , faults in the government 's monetary control techniques .
recall that we assumed that the nominal quantity of money in the economy , m t , was determined in the following simple way : where g is a known constant ; and v t is a random , serially uncorrelated variable with mean zero , which represents the unpredictable [part] of the quantity of money , and which we might think of as arising because of , say , faults in the government 's monetary control techniques .

We also derived the result that aggregate output , y t , would be disturbed from its natural level , β only by the unpredictable component of the quantity of money , v t .
we also derived the result that aggregate output , y t , would be disturbed from its natural level , β only by the unpredictable [part] of the quantity of money , v t .

The first is that the constant component of monetary growth , g , does now exert an influence on real output .
the first is that the constant [part] of monetary growth , g , does now exert an influence on real output .

Since aggregate demand policies are decided on the basis of the information available at the end of period t - 1 , it follows that the systematic component of aggregate demand will , as before , have no effect on real output .
since aggregate demand policies are decided on the basis of the information available at the end of period t - 1 , it follows that the systematic [part] of aggregate demand will , as before , have no effect on real output .

The stickiness in prices assumed in the model is not sufficiently severe to change the key result of chapter 4 : only the random component of aggregate demand can affect real output .
the stickiness in prices assumed in the model is not sufficiently severe to change the key result of chapter 4 : only the random [part] of aggregate demand can affect real output .

The policy implications of equation ( 5.35 ) are identical to those of chapter 4 and discussed less formally above : only the random and unpredictable component of monetary policy has real effects .
the policy implications of equation ( 5.35 ) are identical to those of chapter 4 and discussed less formally above : only the random and unpredictable [part] of monetary policy has real effects .

After all , it seems likely that the form of wage and price rigidity in an economy will reflect the economic environment , one component of which is likely to be the behaviour of aggregate demand .
after all , it seems likely that the form of wage and price rigidity in an economy will reflect the economic environment , one [part] of which is likely to be the behaviour of aggregate demand .

The model developed in chapter 4 suggested that only the unpredictable component of aggregate demand would cause output to deviate from its natural level , and the more unpredictable it was the less effect it would have on the deviation of real output from its natural rate .
the model developed in chapter 4 suggested that only the unpredictable [part] of aggregate demand would cause output to deviate from its natural level , and the more unpredictable it was the less effect it would have on the deviation of real output from its natural rate .

Formally , we could write a simple version of that model ( see , for example , equation ( 4.14 ) as where y t is the aggregate real output , is the natural level of output , v t is the unpredictable component of aggregate demand , is the variance of v , is the variance of the relative demand shocks , and is a function explained below , the value of which is positive .
formally , we could write a simple version of that model ( see , for example , equation ( 4.14 ) as where y t is the aggregate real output , is the natural level of output , v t is the unpredictable [part] of aggregate demand , is the variance of v , is the variance of the relative demand shocks , and is a function explained below , the value of which is positive .

Thus Lucas can be seen to be estimating a regression for each country in which that country 's deviation of real output from its natural level is regressed on its own lagged value and Lucas 's measure of the unpredictable and therefore unanticipated component of aggregate demand .
thus lucas can be seen to be estimating a regression for each country in which that country 's deviation of real output from its natural level is regressed on its own lagged value and lucas 's measure of the unpredictable and therefore unanticipated [part] of aggregate demand .

In accordance with the theory of rational expectations , Barro identifies the predictable component of monetary growth as that part of the process determining monetary growth which could have been predicted on the basis of the information available at the time .
in accordance with the theory of rational expectations , barro identifies the predictable [part] of monetary growth as that part of the process determining monetary growth which could have been predicted on the basis of the information available at the time .

So , according to Barro 's estimate , the predictable component of money growth , depends upon the following :
so , according to barro 's estimate , the predictable [part] of money growth , depends upon the following :

Having obtained a measure of anticipated monetary growth , Barro computes the unanticipated component of monetary growth in each period as the difference between actual monetary growth in the period and the anticipated component of monetary growth in that period ; that is , .
having obtained a measure of anticipated monetary growth , barro computes the unanticipated [part] of monetary growth in each period as the difference between actual monetary growth in the period and the anticipated [part] of monetary growth in that period ; that is , .

To test the prediction that the unpredictable component of monetary growth affects real variables , Barro first regresses the level of unemployment on the current and lagged values of his variable and on two other variables which are seen as influencing the natural rate of unemployment .
to test the prediction that the unpredictable [part] of monetary growth affects real variables , barro first regresses the level of unemployment on the current and lagged values of his variable and on two other variables which are seen as influencing the natural rate of unemployment .

He does this by including total money growth , in the unemployment equation as well as the unanticipated component , ; that is , equation ( 6.8 ) becomes : where t is the equation error term .
he does this by including total money growth , in the unemployment equation as well as the unanticipated [part] , ; that is , equation ( 6.8 ) becomes : where t is the equation error term .

First , he examined the influence of predictable and unpredictable monetary growth on real output rather than unemployment : he found evidence here too that only the unpredictable component of monetary growth affected real output , a positive monetary surprise leading to a rise in output above its natural level .
first , he examined the influence of predictable and unpredictable monetary growth on real output rather than unemployment : he found evidence here too that only the unpredictable [part] of monetary growth affected real output , a positive monetary surprise leading to a rise in output above its natural level .

The second equation embodies the structural neutrality and rational expectations hypothesis : for each country only the unpredictable component of monetary growth causes output to deviate from its natural rate .
the second equation embodies the structural neutrality and rational expectations hypothesis : for each country only the unpredictable [part] of monetary growth causes output to deviate from its natural rate .

Its essential implication is that the coefficient linking the deviation of output from its natural rate to the unpredictable component of monetary growth depends negatively on the variance of unpredictable monetary growth .
its essential implication is that the coefficient linking the deviation of output from its natural rate to the unpredictable [part] of monetary growth depends negatively on the variance of unpredictable monetary growth .

From the points plotted in figure 6.1 , the relationship between β and the variability of the unanticipated component of monetary growth is a downward-sloping one .
from the points plotted in figure 6.1 , the relationship between β and the variability of the unanticipated [part] of monetary growth is a downward-sloping one .

a molecular vibration will give rise to a fundamental band in the Raman spectrum if , and only if , the symmetry of the vibration is the same as that of at least one component of the polarizability tensor , a , of the molecule [ see Fig. 5.15(b) ] .
a molecular vibration will give rise to a fundamental band in the raman spectrum if , and only if , the symmetry of the vibration is the same as that of at least one [part] of the polarizability tensor , a , of the molecule [ see fig. 5.15(b) ] .

An immediate complication is that an impurity is only a minor component of a mixture , and so some regions of its spectrum may be difficult to study .
an immediate complication is that an impurity is only a minor [part] of a mixture , and so some regions of its spectrum may be difficult to study .

The size of the component particles is one of the fundamental textural characteristics of all fragmentary deposits and their lithified equivalents .
the size of the [part] particles is one of the fundamental textural characteristics of all fragmentary deposits and their lithified equivalents .

Whether the clays remain as discrete particles or cluster together to form flocs or aggregates with diameters much larger than the individual component particles is often a function of these waters .
whether the clays remain as discrete particles or cluster together to form flocs or aggregates with diameters much larger than the individual [part] particles is often a function of these waters .

Interpretations of settling characteristics based on the most minute elemental particles , of which many thousands may combine naturally to produce flocs or aggregates , may give a very misleading guide to the energy levels in the depositional environment , for flocs settle at much greater rates than their individual component particles .
interpretations of settling characteristics based on the most minute elemental particles , of which many thousands may combine naturally to produce flocs or aggregates , may give a very misleading guide to the energy levels in the depositional environment , for flocs settle at much greater rates than their individual [part] particles .

During the drying process particle aggregation may occur and it is most important that sieve residues should be checked , using a hand lens where necessary , to detect the presence of aggregates which form clusters considerably larger than the original single component grains .
during the drying process particle aggregation may occur and it is most important that sieve residues should be checked , using a hand lens where necessary , to detect the presence of aggregates which form clusters considerably larger than the original single [part] grains .

However , if the size of the smallest component particles in a flocculated sediment is to be determined , it is necessary to introduce a dispersing or peptising agent .
however , if the size of the smallest [part] particles in a flocculated sediment is to be determined , it is necessary to introduce a dispersing or peptising agent .

One of these keys is pressed each time that component is visible under the cross hairs of the microscope .
one of these keys is pressed each time that [part] is visible under the cross hairs of the microscope .

The timing and mode of formation of stylolites remains an area of contention in sedimentary petrography , although many stylolites show evidence of at least some component of their formation relatively late , if not necessarily deep , in the diagenetic history of their containing sediment ( Fig. 5.22d ) .
the timing and mode of formation of stylolites remains an area of contention in sedimentary petrography , although many stylolites show evidence of at least some [part] of their formation relatively late , if not necessarily deep , in the diagenetic history of their containing sediment ( fig. 5.22d ) .

Nor was the thought that he alone might hold the key to the mystery the sole component in his strangely elated state .
nor was the thought that he alone might hold the key to the mystery the sole [part] in his strangely elated state .

For each profile component , there is to be a progression through ten levels of achievement — the same scale of levels to be used to assess children at every stage .
for each profile [part] , there is to be a progression through ten levels of achievement — the same scale of levels to be used to assess children at every stage .

To its component parts
to its [part] parts

It has been proposed that the gravitational force has a short-range component that varies from material to material , with a suggested range of about 10 6 m or less .
it has been proposed that the gravitational force has a short-range [part] that varies from material to material , with a suggested range of about 10 6 m or less .

At the distance of the Earth from the Sun this force component would not contribute and would not be detectable in the experiment .
at the distance of the earth from the sun this force [part] would not contribute and would not be detectable in the experiment .

Their place is taken by geodesics which are the straightest lines that can be drawn between a pair of points in a curved space and as such have no component of curvature in that space .
their place is taken by geodesics which are the straightest lines that can be drawn between a pair of points in a curved space and as such have no [part] of curvature in that space .

From the present viewpoint this can be regarded as the time component of the metric equation for space–time round a spherically symmetric mass .
from the present viewpoint this can be regarded as the time [part] of the metric equation for space–time round a spherically symmetric mass .

In Section 3.3 an alternative definition given for a geodesic was of a curve across space with no component of curvature in that space .
in section 3.3 an alternative definition given for a geodesic was of a curve across space with no [part] of curvature in that space .

Therefore the geodesic equation implies that a geodesic has no component of curvature in space time .
therefore the geodesic equation implies that a geodesic has no [part] of curvature in space time .

The time component is negligible in the classical limit of fields which vary slowly with time .
the time [part] is negligible in the classical limit of fields which vary slowly with time .

( c ) is the flow of momentum component i per unit area in the i direction , i.e. the pressure across the i plane .
( c ) is the flow of momentum [part] i per unit area in the i direction , i.e. the pressure across the i plane .

( d ) is the flow of the i component of momentum per unit area in the j direction .
( d ) is the flow of the i [part] of momentum per unit area in the j direction .

This is another way of describing a component of the viscous drag across the j plane .
this is another way of describing a [part] of the viscous drag across the j plane .

( e ) is the density of the i component of momentum .
( e ) is the density of the i [part] of momentum .

This type of derivative is known as the divergence of ; the derivative is taken with respect to the same space–time component as appears in the tensor ( here α ) , and the sum over the expression on the left-hand side is made for all values of α .
this type of derivative is known as the divergence of ; the derivative is taken with respect to the same space–time [part] as appears in the tensor ( here α ) , and the sum over the expression on the left-hand side is made for all values of α .

The maximum inward component of the velocity of light is c throughout , while the maximum outward component varies with the radial distance .
the maximum inward [part] of the velocity of light is c throughout , while the maximum outward [part] varies with the radial distance .

Then as the source approaches the horizon increases until , at the horizon , it points along the time axis ; the maximum outward component of velocity of light therefore falls to zero at the horizon .
then as the source approaches the horizon increases until , at the horizon , it points along the time axis ; the maximum outward [part] of velocity of light therefore falls to zero at the horizon .

Although literary theory is only one aspect of structuralism , the question of language is obviously peculiarly relevant to it , and it is the conceptual rigour and the range of possibilities provided by the linguistic component of structuralism that give structuralist literary theory its distinctive qualities .
although literary theory is only one aspect of structuralism , the question of language is obviously peculiarly relevant to it , and it is the conceptual rigour and the range of possibilities provided by the linguistic [part] of structuralism that give structuralist literary theory its distinctive qualities .

In one sense , literature is like any other form of social or cultural activity , so that it may be analyzed in semiological terms ; this would involve discovering what the nature of its component signs are , and how the system governing their use and combinations operates .
in one sense , literature is like any other form of social or cultural activity , so that it may be analyzed in semiological terms ; this would involve discovering what the nature of its [part] signs are , and how the system governing their use and combinations operates .

Any tense which includes a component of the present tense such as the passé composé ( il a écrit ) is personal in so far as it acknowledges the present moment of the utterance .
any tense which includes a [part] of the present tense such as the passé composé ( il a écrit ) is personal in so far as it acknowledges the present moment of the utterance .

The principle behind Genette 's study is that narrative is a product of the interaction of its different component levels , and that the science of narrative consists in an analysis of the relations between them .
the principle behind genette 's study is that narrative is a product of the interaction of its different [part] levels , and that the science of narrative consists in an analysis of the relations between them .

Mathematics differs from a number of other parts of the formal curriculum in needing an investigatory component for successful delivery .
mathematics differs from a number of other parts of the formal curriculum in needing an investigatory [part] for successful delivery .

Ingarden is keen to emphasize that the delight evoked by such positive culminations is not the essential component of aesthetic experience but a by-product of the activity of discovery , of experiencing an achieved harmony and valuing it in an emotional , contemplative way .
ingarden is keen to emphasize that the delight evoked by such positive culminations is not the essential [part] of aesthetic experience but a by-product of the activity of discovery , of experiencing an achieved harmony and valuing it in an emotional , contemplative way .

In all instances clusterings and sub-groupings were plotted according to a component analysis of the data .
in all instances clusterings and sub-groupings were plotted according to a [part] analysis of the data .

In the ninth-century `` state-system `` , each component was itself unstable .
in the ninth-century `` state-system `` , each [part] was itself unstable .

But if the human component in teaching is important in securing a `` substantial ego-reward `` , it should be asked how heads can acknowledge that colleagues will endure low points in their morale ( and there are certain numbers of compensating highs ) and how , in taking account of this , they can work on assumptions about other people 's attitudes .
but if the human [part] in teaching is important in securing a `` substantial ego-reward `` , it should be asked how heads can acknowledge that colleagues will endure low points in their morale ( and there are certain numbers of compensating highs ) and how , in taking account of this , they can work on assumptions about other people 's attitudes .

The second was the large and influential agrarian component in the regime 's social , economic and political fabric , which was liable to feel unjustly treated if the regime abandoned it in favour of the programme of liberalization and industrialization recommended by the representatives of foreign capital .
the second was the large and influential agrarian [part] in the regime 's social , economic and political fabric , which was liable to feel unjustly treated if the regime abandoned it in favour of the programme of liberalization and industrialization recommended by the representatives of foreign capital .

By turning to the Falangist component of the regime forces in this way , Franco was resorting to an old tactic .
by turning to the falangist [part] of the regime forces in this way , franco was resorting to an old tactic .

The basic problem was that the switch from autarchy to internationalism had not been fully effected : a free-market economy could not exist as long as its component parts — especially investment , supply of raw materials , and the purchasing power of the domestic market — were still closely controlled by the state .
the basic problem was that the switch from autarchy to internationalism had not been fully effected : a free-market economy could not exist as long as its [part] parts — especially investment , supply of raw materials , and the purchasing power of the domestic market — were still closely controlled by the state .

Requiring a driver 's licence where driving is not a major or frequent component of the actual work done , or where any driving duties could be easily allocated to fellow workers , could be an act of disability discrimination .
requiring a driver 's licence where driving is not a major or frequent [part] of the actual work done , or where any driving duties could be easily allocated to fellow workers , could be an act of disability discrimination .

Component Activities
[part] activities

The work of educational psychologists helped to ratify the use of tests , the technical solution , as a key component in educational reform , by altering the special place exam .
the work of educational psychologists helped to ratify the use of tests , the technical solution , as a key [part] in educational reform , by altering the special place exam .

Neisser ( 1982 ) also argued that it was not necessary to propose a separate memory system for flashbulb memories , he suggested that rehearsal was the most important component of the phenomenon , noting particularly that such memories are not necessarily veridical , instead he emphasised the role such memories may play as a connection between personal and public history .
neisser ( 1982 ) also argued that it was not necessary to propose a separate memory system for flashbulb memories , he suggested that rehearsal was the most important [part] of the phenomenon , noting particularly that such memories are not necessarily veridical , instead he emphasised the role such memories may play as a connection between personal and public history .

Moreover , rather than simply reflecting a stronger relationship between risk and memory at higher levels of risk , the relationship visible in Figure 4.6 actually has both a negative and a positive component .
moreover , rather than simply reflecting a stronger relationship between risk and memory at higher levels of risk , the relationship visible in figure 4.6 actually has both a negative and a positive [part] .

Subjects may thus have deliberately excluded any risk component from their speed and normality ratings since they were reporting risk separately .
subjects may thus have deliberately excluded any risk [part] from their speed and normality ratings since they were reporting risk separately .

There is , however , a substantial memory component to such a task , particularly for longer films .
there is , however , a substantial memory [part] to such a task , particularly for longer films .

Since the study was intended to provide an objective description of the films in order to understand memory performance it was clearly desirable to have as small a component of memory in the description task as possible .
since the study was intended to provide an objective description of the films in order to understand memory performance it was clearly desirable to have as small a [part] of memory in the description task as possible .

Higher productivity is a crucial component of our drive to improve profitability .
higher productivity is a crucial [part] of our drive to improve profitability .

Works manager Geoff Smith said that , to his knowledge , this is the highest award ever received in component manufacturing .
works manager geoff smith said that , to his knowledge , this is the highest award ever received in [part] manufacturing .

In the new 17-member Cabinet 13 ministers were from the Labour Party , three from Meretz ( one from each of its component parties ) , and one from Shas .
in the new 17-member cabinet 13 ministers were from the labour party , three from meretz ( one from each of its [part] parties ) , and one from shas .

In a speech to the country on Aug. 31 , Robinson announced that security would be the top priority of government as a `` necessary component `` of economic progress .
in a speech to the country on aug. 31 , robinson announced that security would be the top priority of government as a `` necessary [part] `` of economic progress .

The alleged head of the Patriarca `` family `` — reputed to be a component of the Mafia — was found guilty on Aug. 8 on racketeering charges which carried a maximum sentence ranging from 40 to 80 years .
the alleged head of the patriarca `` family `` — reputed to be a [part] of the mafia — was found guilty on aug. 8 on racketeering charges which carried a maximum sentence ranging from 40 to 80 years .

The renewed bombings increased opposition to a bill currently before the French Senate , granting more autonomy to Corsica and formal recognition to the Corsican people as a distinct group , described as " a component of the French people " .
the renewed bombings increased opposition to a bill currently before the french senate , granting more autonomy to corsica and formal recognition to the corsican people as a distinct group , described as " a [part] of the french people " .

Through the voucher sales component , employees would be able to buy a controlling share in their enterprises ; there would be further voucher issues in 1993 and 1994 ; and voucher sales would in all account for 35 per cent of state enterprises slated for privatization .
through the voucher sales [part] , employees would be able to buy a controlling share in their enterprises ; there would be further voucher issues in 1993 and 1994 ; and voucher sales would in all account for 35 per cent of state enterprises slated for privatization .

The statement said that the `` status and fate of the Crimea as a component part of Ukraine can not be the subject of any interstate negotiations `` .
the statement said that the `` status and fate of the crimea as a [part] part of ukraine can not be the subject of any interstate negotiations `` .

According to a Tass news agency report the talks covered reductions in the component elements of the armed forces , geographical limits in the application of a general agreement and the exchange of initial data and monitoring .
according to a tass news agency report the talks covered reductions in the [part] elements of the armed forces , geographical limits in the application of a general agreement and the exchange of initial data and monitoring .

Palestinians : Haider Abdel-Shafi , 72 , a medical doctor from Gaza , led the Palestinian component of the joint Jordanian-Palestinian delegation .
palestinians : haider abdel-shafi , 72 , a medical doctor from gaza , led the palestinian [part] of the joint jordanian-palestinian delegation .

Prices stabilized at around $ 500 an ounce in the first quarter of 1990 due to increased demand from the West European car industry , where platinum formed an essential component in the manufacture of catalytic converters to cut fuel emissions , and from sustained demand from the jewellery sector in Japan .
prices stabilized at around $ 500 an ounce in the first quarter of 1990 due to increased demand from the west european car industry , where platinum formed an essential [part] in the manufacture of catalytic converters to cut fuel emissions , and from sustained demand from the jewellery sector in japan .

Republicans insisted , however , that it was an essential component to generating jobs in the construction industry .
republicans insisted , however , that it was an essential [part] to generating jobs in the construction industry .

The Treaty defined the demarcation of powers between the federation and the constituent republics as a component element of the new Constitution .
the treaty defined the demarcation of powers between the federation and the constituent republics as a [part] element of the new constitution .

Likud ( Itzhak Shamir l. ) : the main component of the ruling coalition following the collapse in March 1990 of the " national unity " government [ see below ; pp. 37303-04 ] .
likud ( itzhak shamir l. ) : the main [part] of the ruling coalition following the collapse in march 1990 of the " national unity " government [ see below ; pp. 37303-04 ] .

As the heading of the category indicates , the cognitive behaviour intended here is that of separating a whole into its elements or component parts …
as the heading of the category indicates , the cognitive behaviour intended here is that of separating a whole into its elements or [part] parts …

Remember , too , that some of the general topic work or work done in other subject areas may well offer a historical component .
remember , too , that some of the general topic work or work done in other subject areas may well offer a historical [part] .

It was felt by some students that areas of the ‘ Enterprise ’ component may have been downplayed somewhat if there was no visible link between the ‘ content ’ and assessment ; however , more students expressed the view that they would scrutinise the Enterprise component of future optional and elective modules before selection .
it was felt by some students that areas of the ‘ enterprise ’ [part] may have been downplayed somewhat if there was no visible link between the ‘ content ’ and assessment ; however , more students expressed the view that they would scrutinise the enterprise [part] of future optional and elective modules before selection .

By way of general preparation , it can also be useful to prepare material in component prefabricated `` packages `` before the exam itself .
by way of general preparation , it can also be useful to prepare material in [part] prefabricated `` packages `` before the exam itself .

Products are defined in s. 1(2) : " any goods or electricity and … includes a product which is comprised in another product , whether by virtue of being a component part or raw material or otherwise " .
products are defined in s. 1(2) : " any goods or electricity and … includes a product which is comprised in another product , whether by virtue of being a [part] part or raw material or otherwise " .

Where the damage results partly from a defect in the finished product and partly from a defective component , this will be sufficient to make the producer liable .
where the damage results partly from a defect in the finished product and partly from a defective [part] , this will be sufficient to make the producer liable .

Edward Thompson in particular has stressed this effect , writing of Methodism 's late-eighteenth and early-nineteenth-century leaders : They weakened the poor from within by adding … the active ingredient of submission ; and they fostered within the Methodist Church those elements most suited to make up the psychic component of the work-discipline of which the manufacturers stood most in need .
edward thompson in particular has stressed this effect , writing of methodism 's late-eighteenth and early-nineteenth-century leaders : they weakened the poor from within by adding … the active ingredient of submission ; and they fostered within the methodist church those elements most suited to make up the psychic [part] of the work-discipline of which the manufacturers stood most in need .

The implementation of a large scale speech recognition machine proposed by the Alvey/Edinburgh project would allow a number of the interaction issues to be explored . In particular , the lexical access component could be used to test the following hypothesis :
the implementation of a large scale speech recognition machine proposed by the alvey/edinburgh project would allow a number of the interaction issues to be explored . in particular , the lexical access [part] could be used to test the following hypothesis :

Chapter 4 describes the evaluation of the lexical access component over data provided by the Alvey project 's front-end processor .
chapter 4 describes the evaluation of the lexical access [part] over data provided by the alvey project 's front-end processor .

Finally a control component proposes the best scoring words over the utterance .
finally a control [part] proposes the best scoring words over the utterance .

Hearsay-II 's problems with its syntactic/semantic component highlights the difficulties of accessing pre-defined processing units in speech .
hearsay-ii 's problems with its syntactic/semantic [part] highlights the difficulties of accessing pre-defined processing units in speech .

It was hard to tell , for example , whether the acoustic-phonetic component , the lexical component or the syntactic/semantic component was responsible for the elimination of a correct word .
it was hard to tell , for example , whether the acoustic-phonetic [part] , the lexical [part] or the syntactic/semantic [part] was responsible for the elimination of a correct word .

Finally , the architecture should permit the parallel and fairly independent development of different component knowledge bases and methods of deploying them computationally .
finally , the architecture should permit the parallel and fairly independent development of different [part] knowledge bases and methods of deploying them computationally .

This would help ensure that the design of one component would not unduly influence the design of another .
this would help ensure that the design of one [part] would not unduly influence the design of another .

acoustic-phonetic analysis ( Church 1983 ) It was specifically designed for automatically building a graph of possibilities , these possibilities being determined by the component knowledge sources , not by the parser .
acoustic-phonetic analysis ( church 1983 ) it was specifically designed for automatically building a graph of possibilities , these possibilities being determined by the [part] knowledge sources , not by the parser .

The Fundamental Rule could in principle allow any component to interact with any other component .
the fundamental rule could in principle allow any [part] to interact with any other [part] .

Since the input and output of each component is defined ( though not constrained ) by the Chart data structure , such independent design and interfacing is made much more simple .
since the input and output of each [part] is defined ( though not constrained ) by the chart data structure , such independent design and interfacing is made much more simple .

The problem in designing an optimal search strategy is both how to combine scores across paths representing different levels of description ( derived from the component knowledge sources ) , and how to combine scores across time ( during the extension of a path ) , such that promising paths are given higher priority .
the problem in designing an optimal search strategy is both how to combine scores across paths representing different levels of description ( derived from the [part] knowledge sources ) , and how to combine scores across time ( during the extension of a path ) , such that promising paths are given higher priority .

For example , suppose the syntactic component used the pair-wise parsing process mentioned above to decide between different lexical hypotheses .
for example , suppose the syntactic [part] used the pair-wise parsing process mentioned above to decide between different lexical hypotheses .

The syntactic component could look at all the word-pairs for each tag ending at some vertex in the graph and discard all but the highest scoring , based on the acoustic scores and the pair-wise probabilities , since , given this parsing method , no later information is relevant to the decision .
the syntactic [part] could look at all the word-pairs for each tag ending at some vertex in the graph and discard all but the highest scoring , based on the acoustic scores and the pair-wise probabilities , since , given this parsing method , no later information is relevant to the decision .

The benefits and disadvantages of such a model will be explored in detail in the following chapters , which deal with the development and evaluation of the lexical access component of the system .
the benefits and disadvantages of such a model will be explored in detail in the following chapters , which deal with the development and evaluation of the lexical access [part] of the system .

We am concerned with the theoretical and practical motivations behind the development of the lexical access component used here .
we am concerned with the theoretical and practical motivations behind the development of the lexical access [part] used here .

In developing the component , We drew on the successes and failures of the earlier systems , and incorporated some of their best features .
in developing the [part] , we drew on the successes and failures of the earlier systems , and incorporated some of their best features .

The component is original in its use of the Chart-based architecture described in the previous chapter .
the [part] is original in its use of the chart-based architecture described in the previous chapter .

Thus , the lexical access component may have to match each word against every possible alignment of the input with the lexicon .
thus , the lexical access [part] may have to match each word against every possible alignment of the input with the lexicon .

4.5 The Lexical Access Component
4.5 the lexical access [part]

This section describes the chart-based lexical access component and the theoretical and practical considerations which motivated certain choices in its design .
this section describes the chart-based lexical access [part] and the theoretical and practical considerations which motivated certain choices in its design .

Was it , for example , the front-end component , the lexical access component , the model of interaction between the two , or some combination of these ?
was it , for example , the front-end [part] , the lexical access [part] , the model of interaction between the two , or some combination of these ?

Even the perfect fine-class transcriptions resulted in extremely large numbers of paths ( an astonishing average of 862,300 ) , making it very difficult for the syntactic component to distinguish the correct interpretation .
even the perfect fine-class transcriptions resulted in extremely large numbers of paths ( an astonishing average of 862,300 ) , making it very difficult for the syntactic [part] to distinguish the correct interpretation .

This evaluation highlighted one of the points made in Chapter 2 : what goes on between components is as important as what goes on within any component .
this evaluation highlighted one of the points made in chapter 2 : what goes on between components is as important as what goes on within any [part] .

The first reason is obviously that the performance of , say , the syntactic component depends on the performance of other , lower-level components .
the first reason is obviously that the performance of , say , the syntactic [part] depends on the performance of other , lower-level components .

While this makes it easier for the acoustic-phonetic component to guarantee the inclusion of the target phoneme , the task of the syntax/semantic component is made considerably more difficult since it has to choose from many more word candidates .
while this makes it easier for the acoustic-phonetic [part] to guarantee the inclusion of the target phoneme , the task of the syntax/semantic [part] is made considerably more difficult since it has to choose from many more word candidates .

On the face of it , these results look very promising for word recognition but what are the implications of these results for a syntactic/semantic component ?
on the face of it , these results look very promising for word recognition but what are the implications of these results for a syntactic/semantic [part] ?

As such , the hand transcriptions can be considered to be a perfect analysis by the acoustic-phonetic component into a string of phonemic , mixed , or mid units , excluding any representation for word or syllable boundaries and excluding the effects of assimilation across word-boundaries .
as such , the hand transcriptions can be considered to be a perfect analysis by the acoustic-phonetic [part] into a string of phonemic , mixed , or mid units , excluding any representation for word or syllable boundaries and excluding the effects of assimilation across word-boundaries .

But it must be remembered that these results are based on hand transcriptions which represent a perfect analysis by the acoustic-phonetic component into whatever recognition units are used .
but it must be remembered that these results are based on hand transcriptions which represent a perfect analysis by the acoustic-phonetic [part] into whatever recognition units are used .

If the acoustic waveform is incorrectly analyzed at certain points , the lexical access component may fail to derive the target word string from the imperfect string of recognition units .
if the acoustic waveform is incorrectly analyzed at certain points , the lexical access [part] may fail to derive the target word string from the imperfect string of recognition units .

In this case , the syntactic/semantic component not only has to filter out many improbable word strings , but also to identify the location of possible word errors .
in this case , the syntactic/semantic [part] not only has to filter out many improbable word strings , but also to identify the location of possible word errors .

Therefore , if were incorrectly derived from an acoustic waveform that in fact corresponded to an intended production of thanks for sending me your letter , the syntactic/semantic component would not only have to reject all the improbable competitors such as thanks force ending knee your letter , but also to identify that the word knee has been incorrectly derived instead of me .
therefore , if were incorrectly derived from an acoustic waveform that in fact corresponded to an intended production of thanks for sending me your letter , the syntactic/semantic [part] would not only have to reject all the improbable competitors such as thanks force ending knee your letter , but also to identify that the word knee has been incorrectly derived instead of me .

The results of this experiment would seem to preclude an analysis of the acoustic waveform by the acoustic-phonetic component into anything other than a single string of phonemes .
the results of this experiment would seem to preclude an analysis of the acoustic waveform by the acoustic-phonetic [part] into anything other than a single string of phonemes .

One version of the Edinburgh syntactic component used pair-wise transition probabilities between words .
one version of the edinburgh syntactic [part] used pair-wise transition probabilities between words .

the syntax/semantics component needs up to ten words of the utterance in order to prefer one of the alternatives — and this is why the statistics are based on the total number of complete word strings derived from the different kinds of input to the lexical access component .
the syntax/semantics [part] needs up to ten words of the utterance in order to prefer one of the alternatives — and this is why the statistics are based on the total number of complete word strings derived from the different kinds of input to the lexical access [part] .

Even with fine-class input the syntactic component was unable to discriminate between the intended utterance and various homophonic utterances produced by lack of word boundary information .
even with fine-class input the syntactic [part] was unable to discriminate between the intended utterance and various homophonic utterances produced by lack of word boundary information .

It incorporated a common interface component allowing the use of different operating systems and this part had been added by a former employee of the plaintiff who had a similar program and interface .
it incorporated a common interface [part] allowing the use of different operating systems and this part had been added by a former employee of the plaintiff who had a similar program and interface .

The second component is the powerful sense of mission that underpins everything McDonald 's does — a mission to set the industry standard for quality , service and cleanliness through an unrelenting attention to detail .
the second [part] is the powerful sense of mission that underpins everything mcdonald 's does — a mission to set the industry standard for quality , service and cleanliness through an unrelenting attention to detail .

The third component is an openness to change .
the third [part] is an openness to change .

At least in the present stage of research , it would be ridiculous to try to isolate the Massaliote component in the process of penetration of Greek material and spiritual goods into Celtic territory .
at least in the present stage of research , it would be ridiculous to try to isolate the massaliote [part] in the process of penetration of greek material and spiritual goods into celtic territory .

For Wolf was `` the first to present a systematic description of the vast fabric that he called by the name of Altertumswissenschaft , to arrange and review its component parts and to point to a perfect knowledge of the many-sided life of the ancient Greeks and Romans as the final goal of the modern study of the ancient world .
for wolf was `` the first to present a systematic description of the vast fabric that he called by the name of altertumswissenschaft , to arrange and review its [part] parts and to point to a perfect knowledge of the many-sided life of the ancient greeks and romans as the final goal of the modern study of the ancient world .

In its turn , the music activates the Apolline component to the highest degree .
in its turn , the music activates the apolline [part] to the highest degree .

This is because of the great importance of infant mortality , the weightiest component of life expectancy and general mortality in developing countries , and also because a large body of observations concerning the effects are available not only from developed but also from developing countries and which are much more reliable than data on fetal mortality .
this is because of the great importance of infant mortality , the weightiest [part] of life expectancy and general mortality in developing countries , and also because a large body of observations concerning the effects are available not only from developed but also from developing countries and which are much more reliable than data on fetal mortality .

The students , seated in a closed circle , simply talk with one another in the foreign language , record what they say on tape , play it back , write it down , and identify and discuss the component parts .
the students , seated in a closed circle , simply talk with one another in the foreign language , record what they say on tape , play it back , write it down , and identify and discuss the [part] parts .

Another vital component are macrophages , cells which attack bacteria , and other substances which fend off the bugs responsible for many stomach upsets , so babies have far greater protection against diarrhoea .
another vital [part] are macrophages , cells which attack bacteria , and other substances which fend off the bugs responsible for many stomach upsets , so babies have far greater protection against diarrhoea .

In some cases , however , the component parts are standard ( as in chemistry ) .
in some cases , however , the [part] parts are standard ( as in chemistry ) .

The component of are Now it is clear from Figure 2.1 that the ratio is the tangent of the angle — . Hence , if the value of — is small we may replace tan — by — itself , and we then have
the [part] of are now it is clear from figure 2.1 that the ratio is the tangent of the angle — . hence , if the value of — is small we may replace tan — by — itself , and we then have

Returning now to Example 4 , we may note that in simple shear there is a component of that does not vanish .
returning now to example 4 , we may note that in simple shear there is a [part] of that does not vanish .

The only component of fluid velocity which is non-zero in steady flow is , the transverse component .
the only [part] of fluid velocity which is non-zero in steady flow is , the transverse [part] .

Making the assumptions that in the geometry shown in Figure 2.8 , the only non-vanishing velocity component is ( in spherical polar coordinates ) and that the only non-vanishing stress since there are no body forces and no acceleration .
making the assumptions that in the geometry shown in figure 2.8 , the only non-vanishing velocity [part] is ( in spherical polar coordinates ) and that the only non-vanishing stress since there are no body forces and no acceleration .

The early component of the meal stimulated increase in contractile activity is thought to be neurally mediated and the late component is thought to be hormonally mediated .
the early [part] of the meal stimulated increase in contractile activity is thought to be neurally mediated and the late [part] is thought to be hormonally mediated .

The granulocyte granule component myeloperoxidase was measured by a radioimmunoassay from Pharmacia Diagnostics , Uppsala , Sweden .
the granulocyte granule [part] myeloperoxidase was measured by a radioimmunoassay from pharmacia diagnostics , uppsala , sweden .

It is not abolished by gastrectomy , is related to the entry of food into the upper small bowel , and has a neural component .
it is not abolished by gastrectomy , is related to the entry of food into the upper small bowel , and has a neural [part] .

In irritable bowel syndrome the 3 cycles per minute component was increased independently of changes in bowel habit , but further work has not confirmed these findongs .
in irritable bowel syndrome the 3 cycles per minute [part] was increased independently of changes in bowel habit , but further work has not confirmed these findongs .

In the Western world cholesterol is the predominant component of stones in the gall bladder .
in the western world cholesterol is the predominant [part] of stones in the gall bladder .

Evidence supporting a genetic component to predisposition comes mainly from a large study of 15924 male twin pairs .
evidence supporting a genetic [part] to predisposition comes mainly from a large study of 15924 male twin pairs .

There is some evidence to support an immunological component in the pathogenesis of alcoholic liver disease .
there is some evidence to support an immunological [part] in the pathogenesis of alcoholic liver disease .

In the 15 subjects in whom antral and upper intestinal recordings were not available , the relation to phase 3 of the migrating motor complex could only be determined indirectly by the temporal relation of non-deglutitive pressure waves in the oesophageal body with the non-deglutitive plastic contractions of the lower oesophageal sphincter ( this represented the sphincteric component of phase 3 of the migrating motor complex that occurred during the 10- 15 minute period preceding phase 3 in the antrum or proximal jejunum , as shown previously by others . )
in the 15 subjects in whom antral and upper intestinal recordings were not available , the relation to phase 3 of the migrating motor complex could only be determined indirectly by the temporal relation of non-deglutitive pressure waves in the oesophageal body with the non-deglutitive plastic contractions of the lower oesophageal sphincter ( this represented the sphincteric [part] of phase 3 of the migrating motor complex that occurred during the 10- 15 minute period preceding phase 3 in the antrum or proximal jejunum , as shown previously by others . )

These repetitive simultaneous pressure waves usually occurred together with the lower oesophageal sphincter component of the migrating motor complex .
these repetitive simultaneous pressure waves usually occurred together with the lower oesophageal sphincter [part] of the migrating motor complex .

The present studies show that the migrating motor complex not only has a lower oesophageal sphincter component , but also an oesophageal body component .
the present studies show that the migrating motor complex not only has a lower oesophageal sphincter [part] , but also an oesophageal body [part] .

The acid stimulatory component of beer and wine needs to be characterised and its possible role in the causation of alcohol induced gastrointestinal diseases needs to be investigated .
the acid stimulatory [part] of beer and wine needs to be characterised and its possible role in the causation of alcohol induced gastrointestinal diseases needs to be investigated .

There are few descriptions of the histological features of gold induced colitis , but a preservation of glandular architecture and diffuse inflammatory cell infiltrate sometimes with a prominent eosinophil component are said to be characteristic .
there are few descriptions of the histological features of gold induced colitis , but a preservation of glandular architecture and diffuse inflammatory cell infiltrate sometimes with a prominent eosinophil [part] are said to be characteristic .

The reflex is a component of normal anorectal behaviour and its integrity is assessed routinely during the investigation of patients with disordered anorectal function .
the reflex is a [part] of normal anorectal behaviour and its integrity is assessed routinely during the investigation of patients with disordered anorectal function .

Variance component analysis was used to estimate the number of crypts and the number of biopsy samples that must be evaluated for each method to classify an individual correctly .
variance [part] analysis was used to estimate the number of crypts and the number of biopsy samples that must be evaluated for each method to classify an individual correctly .

Variance component analysis was used to calculate the contribution of the variations within subjects , biopsy samples , and crypts to the total variation of the proliferation index per method .
variance [part] analysis was used to calculate the contribution of the variations within subjects , biopsy samples , and crypts to the total variation of the proliferation index per method .

The exact toxic component ( s ) of gliadin has not been identified and the pathogenetic mechanism of coeliac disease remains uncertain .
the exact toxic [part] ( s ) of gliadin has not been identified and the pathogenetic mechanism of coeliac disease remains uncertain .

Using immunomorphological techniques , smooth muscle antibodies with antiactin specificity visualise the microfilamentous component of the cell cytoskeleton .
using immunomorphological techniques , smooth muscle antibodies with antiactin specificity visualise the microfilamentous [part] of the cell cytoskeleton .

This different outcome confirms that the grouping proposed by the Isaacson classification is reliable in terms of prognosis and that the presence of a limited component of high grade in a low grade case has no ominous prognostic significance .
this different outcome confirms that the grouping proposed by the isaacson classification is reliable in terms of prognosis and that the presence of a limited [part] of high grade in a low grade case has no ominous prognostic significance .

There is , however , a reversible component to splenic hypofunction that is unrelated to changes in spleen size in both untreated coeliac disease or active inflammatory bowel disease and this may also apply in alcoholic liver disease .
there is , however , a reversible [part] to splenic hypofunction that is unrelated to changes in spleen size in both untreated coeliac disease or active inflammatory bowel disease and this may also apply in alcoholic liver disease .

Each component forms an independent contribution and nowhere are these drawn together to explain the operation of the market in any overall sense .
each [part] forms an independent contribution and nowhere are these drawn together to explain the operation of the market in any overall sense .

The determinants of the time value component are primarily the volatility of the underlying shares and the prevailing and expected interest rates in the money markets .
the determinants of the time value [part] are primarily the volatility of the underlying shares and the prevailing and expected interest rates in the money markets .

This conclusion of overpricing was tempered by the observation that the underwriting fee may include payment for services in addition to the traditional insurance component of underwriting .
this conclusion of overpricing was tempered by the observation that the underwriting fee may include payment for services in addition to the traditional insurance [part] of underwriting .

This was to ensure that , as far as possible , the teachers in the sample included only those who had either experienced the entire process of review , reporting and feedback or who had at least been involved in the review component .
this was to ensure that , as far as possible , the teachers in the sample included only those who had either experienced the entire process of review , reporting and feedback or who had at least been involved in the review [part] .

We used the spot yield to price the discount bond component .
we used the spot yield to price the discount bond [part] .

Now we are concerned with the pure annuity ( or pure coupon ) component .
now we are concerned with the pure annuity ( or pure coupon ) [part] .

The value of the annuity component is given by ( 5.36 ) : .
the value of the annuity [part] is given by ( 5.36 ) : .

It is known as matrix modelling because it assumes that the price of a bond is made up from each component of relative value taken separately .
it is known as matrix modelling because it assumes that the price of a bond is made up from each [part] of relative value taken separately .

By ensuring that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .
by ensuring that each [part] of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .

It identifies each component by its part number and displays the assembly sequence in a series of levels .
it identifies each [part] by its part number and displays the assembly sequence in a series of levels .

If ‘ in depth ’ knowledge of the component is important to the company .
if ‘ in depth ’ knowledge of the [part] is important to the company .

The type of projection and the symbols used for components , finishes , limits and the conventions for dimensions , scale and component values must be presented where they can be seen in using the drawings .
the type of projection and the symbols used for components , finishes , limits and the conventions for dimensions , scale and [part] values must be presented where they can be seen in using the drawings .

The component parts of communication can be seen as clarity of problem definition , completeness of information and clarity of problem understanding .
the [part] parts of communication can be seen as clarity of problem definition , completeness of information and clarity of problem understanding .

In all cases the addition of a straight line component ( px + q ) would serve to move the curve about the grid .
in all cases the addition of a straight line [part] ( px + q ) would serve to move the curve about the grid .

Once in the war , the image of Hitler as supreme war leader and military strategist came to dominate all other component parts of the ‘ Führer myth ’ .
once in the war , the image of hitler as supreme war leader and military strategist came to dominate all other [part] parts of the ‘ führer myth ’ .

In contrast , a basic component of the Hitler image was his presumed innocence of any of the corruption and self-centredness with which his underlings were tainted .
in contrast , a basic [part] of the hitler image was his presumed innocence of any of the corruption and self-centredness with which his underlings were tainted .

According to this interpretation , the protection of the ‘ Führer myth ’ — of the legend that Hitler was kept in the dark about the misdeeds of the regime , and acted promptly on learning of them — was a crucial component in bringing the ‘ euthanasia action ’ to an end .
according to this interpretation , the protection of the ‘ führer myth ’ — of the legend that hitler was kept in the dark about the misdeeds of the regime , and acted promptly on learning of them — was a crucial [part] in bringing the ‘ euthanasia action ’ to an end .

For another , smaller and by now entirely powerless , minority , the barbarous anti-Jewish measures and policies were one component in their criticism or outright rejection of Nazism .
for another , smaller and by now entirely powerless , minority , the barbarous anti-jewish measures and policies were one [part] in their criticism or outright rejection of nazism .

At the same time , the principle of excluding the Jews from German society was itself widely and increasingly popular , and Hitler 's hatred of the Jews — baleful in its threats but linked to the condoning of lawful , ‘ rational ’ action , not the unpopular crude violence and brutality of the Party 's ‘ gutter ’ elements — was certainly an acceptable component of his popular image , even if it was an element ‘ taken on board ’ rather than forming a centrally motivating factor for most Germans .
at the same time , the principle of excluding the jews from german society was itself widely and increasingly popular , and hitler 's hatred of the jews — baleful in its threats but linked to the condoning of lawful , ‘ rational ’ action , not the unpopular crude violence and brutality of the party 's ‘ gutter ’ elements — was certainly an acceptable [part] of his popular image , even if it was an element ‘ taken on board ’ rather than forming a centrally motivating factor for most germans .

But even the grand measures had their component parts , were made up of a multitude of successes and failures : the outcome of the co-operative movement in Ajdabiya depended on a variety of judgements — by officials , by shopkeepers and by customers — and hence on the social relation which affected them .
but even the grand measures had their [part] parts , were made up of a multitude of successes and failures : the outcome of the co-operative movement in ajdabiya depended on a variety of judgements — by officials , by shopkeepers and by customers — and hence on the social relation which affected them .

The image so constructed is not an indigenous creation ; for although its component parts are all from local materials , some of them are solicited and may not have much value or relevance in Zuwaya eyes .
the image so constructed is not an indigenous creation ; for although its [part] parts are all from local materials , some of them are solicited and may not have much value or relevance in zuwaya eyes .

These higher-order shaikhs had no power to intervene in the affairs of component lineages , although again , as senior and widely connected men , they had other roles which could entitle them to express an opinion .
these higher-order shaikhs had no power to intervene in the affairs of [part] lineages , although again , as senior and widely connected men , they had other roles which could entitle them to express an opinion .

But in 1979 the creation of peace was clearly a settling of an account : should a quarrel between a Zuwaya and men from Zliten occur in the future , that particular issue could not become a component element of it , for all the shaikhs concerned had agreed that the peace made was a good one .
but in 1979 the creation of peace was clearly a settling of an account : should a quarrel between a zuwaya and men from zliten occur in the future , that particular issue could not become a [part] element of it , for all the shaikhs concerned had agreed that the peace made was a good one .

The effort involved was likely to overstrain Britain 's available scientific , financial and material resources , but the Government , supported by the representations of the Chiefs of Staff , accepted the burden as an essential component of Britain 's recovery as a great power .
the effort involved was likely to overstrain britain 's available scientific , financial and material resources , but the government , supported by the representations of the chiefs of staff , accepted the burden as an essential [part] of britain 's recovery as a great power .

The computer takes care of the nuts and bolts of the composition , the component Dr Mathews calls its predetermined part .
the computer takes care of the nuts and bolts of the composition , the [part] dr mathews calls its predetermined part .

It is ‘ the underlying component of all properties , faculties , and operations ’ of some thing .
it is ‘ the underlying [part] of all properties , faculties , and operations ’ of some thing .

Locke 's distinction between complex ideas , and the simple ideas which are their component parts , copes with this .
locke 's distinction between complex ideas , and the simple ideas which are their [part] parts , copes with this .

Besides defining substances as complex ideas of ‘ distinct particular things subsisting by themselves ’ , Locke also says that the main component of such a complex is ‘ the supposed , or confused idea of Substance ’ , something he also calls ‘ substratum ’ or ‘ pure substance in general ’ .
besides defining substances as complex ideas of ‘ distinct particular things subsisting by themselves ’ , locke also says that the main [part] of such a complex is ‘ the supposed , or confused idea of substance ’ , something he also calls ‘ substratum ’ or ‘ pure substance in general ’ .

Not every component of a modern tank shell is made by computer .
not every [part] of a modern tank shell is made by computer .

Dr Simpson found that the spectrum 's shape changed at an energy about 17 keV below that of the most energetic electrons emitted by tritium , which led him to suggest that there might be an extra component to beta decay .
dr simpson found that the spectrum 's shape changed at an energy about 17 kev below that of the most energetic electrons emitted by tritium , which led him to suggest that there might be an extra [part] to beta decay .

Groups resulting from a parent manufacturer establishing a pyramid of subcontractors and component suppliers .
groups resulting from a parent manufacturer establishing a pyramid of subcontractors and [part] suppliers .

It has already bought a component distributor in Canada and is starting one in Virginia .
it has already bought a [part] distributor in canada and is starting one in virginia .

Between the 14th day of September 1987 and the 8th day of January 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in Blue Arrow , or National Westminster Bank , or in dealing on the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 By dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of Blue Arrow ; 2.2 By falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 By falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in Blue Arrow held by County NatWest Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 By falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in Blue Arrow held by Phillips & Drew Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 By dealing off market with Union Bank of Switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in Blue Arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 By creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 October 1987 from Nicholas Wells on behalf of County NatWest to Union Bank Of Switzerland ; 2.7 By engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of Blue Arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 By purchasing and retaining 2,150 Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in Blue Arrow , where Blue Arrow and National Westminster Bank were both component parts of that index .
between the 14th day of september 1987 and the 8th day of january 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in blue arrow , or national westminster bank , or in dealing on the financial times stock exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 by dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of blue arrow ; 2.2 by falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 by falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in blue arrow held by county natwest securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 by falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in blue arrow held by phillips & drew securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 by dealing off market with union bank of switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in blue arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 by creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 october 1987 from nicholas wells on behalf of county natwest to union bank of switzerland ; 2.7 by engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of blue arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 by purchasing and retaining 2,150 financial times stock exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in blue arrow , where blue arrow and national westminster bank were both [part] parts of that index .

The same advantage can be taken of star clusters like the Pleiades and the Hyades : their component stars were born from the same gas clouds and must therefore be at the same distance from us .
the same advantage can be taken of star clusters like the pleiades and the hyades : their [part] stars were born from the same gas clouds and must therefore be at the same distance from us .

Douin saw advantages in component supply as well as the potential to provide the car with more space and less noise and vibration .
douin saw advantages in [part] supply as well as the potential to provide the car with more space and less noise and vibration .

Last month it lifted the pharmaceuticals component of its turnover above 60 p.c .
last month it lifted the pharmaceuticals [part] of its turnover above 60 p.c .

The third would be a Freedom of Information Bill , which would be ‘ an essential component of our comprehensive programme of constitutional change and strengthening of individual rights ’ .
the third would be a freedom of information bill , which would be ‘ an essential [part] of our comprehensive programme of constitutional change and strengthening of individual rights ’ .

Starfish are uncommon fossils , particularly in this state of completeness , since they easily break into their component plates .
starfish are uncommon fossils , particularly in this state of completeness , since they easily break into their [part] plates .

The first ones seem to have lived in the sea , but by the Silurian the jawless ( Agnathan ) fish were a prominent component of fresh- and brackish-water sites in many areas of the world , and continued to diversify into the Devonian period .
the first ones seem to have lived in the sea , but by the silurian the jawless ( agnathan ) fish were a prominent [part] of fresh- and brackish-water sites in many areas of the world , and continued to diversify into the devonian period .

Mammals animals with mammary glands that suckle their young — were certainly present during the Triassic , and were a continuous if subordinate component of fossil faunas throughout the acme of the dinosaurs .
mammals animals with mammary glands that suckle their young — were certainly present during the triassic , and were a continuous if subordinate [part] of fossil faunas throughout the acme of the dinosaurs .

the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof .
the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear [part] thereof .

We accept responsibility for ensuring that all component parts of the inclusive holiday which you book with us are supplied to you as described in this brochure and to a reasonable standard .
we accept responsibility for ensuring that all [part] parts of the inclusive holiday which you book with us are supplied to you as described in this brochure and to a reasonable standard .

Thirdly , quality is only possible where every component of the organisation 's needs is defined and appropriate training procedures are identified and implemented in order to improve the staff selection process .
thirdly , quality is only possible where every [part] of the organisation 's needs is defined and appropriate training procedures are identified and implemented in order to improve the staff selection process .

The significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . The qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :
the significance of this model is that the task is one [part] of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . the qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :

It is developmental , being the diagnostic component of a structured and systematic approach to the management of training and development .
it is developmental , being the diagnostic [part] of a structured and systematic approach to the management of training and development .

This community is probably the result of cereal cultivation Another distinctive weed community occurs after the cultivation of potatoes , containing Myosotis arvensis , Sinapis arvensis , Stellaria medua , Sonchus asper and Papaver rhoeas , with a smaller component of Viola tricolor .
this community is probably the result of cereal cultivation another distinctive weed community occurs after the cultivation of potatoes , containing myosotis arvensis , sinapis arvensis , stellaria medua , sonchus asper and papaver rhoeas , with a smaller [part] of viola tricolor .

Attacking poverty is an essential component of Labour 's programme for national recovery and prosperity .
attacking poverty is an essential [part] of labour 's programme for national recovery and prosperity .

Besides carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , and nitrogen , two other non-metals are of outstanding significance in living things : sulphur ( which among other things is a common component of proteins ) ; and phosphorus ( which — among many other roles — is an essential component of nucleic acids ) .
besides carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , and nitrogen , two other non-metals are of outstanding significance in living things : sulphur ( which among other things is a common [part] of proteins ) ; and phosphorus ( which — among many other roles — is an essential [part] of nucleic acids ) .

In short , the component of the world that we have treated most avariciously , and most insouciantly , is the very one that we should treat most deferentially .
in short , the [part] of the world that we have treated most avariciously , and most insouciantly , is the very one that we should treat most deferentially .

The importance of an atmospheric component to living things is not related simply to its concentration .
the importance of an atmospheric [part] to living things is not related simply to its concentration .

In summary , then , the importance of a particular gas in the atmosphere to life on Earth may be out of all proportion to the concentration of that component .
in summary , then , the importance of a particular gas in the atmosphere to life on earth may be out of all proportion to the concentration of that [part] .

They include current selection theory describing the mechanisms of biological change , accounts of animal studies that provide evidence concerning the psychobiological ‘ platform ’ from which human life ascended , inferences from infrahuman primates and other animals to man , and finally a treatment of the evolution of the component faculties that go to make up the human mind .
they include current selection theory describing the mechanisms of biological change , accounts of animal studies that provide evidence concerning the psychobiological ‘ platform ’ from which human life ascended , inferences from infrahuman primates and other animals to man , and finally a treatment of the evolution of the [part] faculties that go to make up the human mind .

Other propositions may not be testable even in principle but may remain for the time as a necessary component of an overall paradigm .
other propositions may not be testable even in principle but may remain for the time as a necessary [part] of an overall paradigm .

Julian Huxley 's directional component in evolution is made possible only by an increasing subtlety of internal integration of the body and a corresponding increase in the inter-individual integration in societal processes involved in reproduction .
julian huxley 's directional [part] in evolution is made possible only by an increasing subtlety of internal integration of the body and a corresponding increase in the inter-individual integration in societal processes involved in reproduction .

Sir Julian Huxley argued that the directional component in cognitive evolution was made possible by an increasing stability of internal integration in the body together with increases in social integration that allow for stable social systems in which individuals can learn while young .
sir julian huxley argued that the directional [part] in cognitive evolution was made possible by an increasing stability of internal integration in the body together with increases in social integration that allow for stable social systems in which individuals can learn while young .

Strategies that maximize the individual fitness component may be termed selfish .
strategies that maximize the individual fitness [part] may be termed selfish .

The social structure arising from the interactions between the birds was thus an expression of individual adaptedness and formed an important societal component of the environment in which individuals were seeking to survive and procreate descendants .
the social structure arising from the interactions between the birds was thus an expression of individual adaptedness and formed an important societal [part] of the environment in which individuals were seeking to survive and procreate descendants .

An important component of successful delegation is of course choosing the right people to carry out what you want .
an important [part] of successful delegation is of course choosing the right people to carry out what you want .

He had written to the Office of Fair Trading to ask if , in the absence of any interest by the Government , it would seek formal assurances from Ford on future investment levels , research and development expenditure , training , component sourcing and the development of the dealer network .
he had written to the office of fair trading to ask if , in the absence of any interest by the government , it would seek formal assurances from ford on future investment levels , research and development expenditure , training , [part] sourcing and the development of the dealer network .

The sensory component
the sensory [part]

The central component
the central [part]

The motor component
the motor [part]

or it may be a task that requires manipulative skills such as wiring an electrical component or threading a needle .
or it may be a task that requires manipulative skills such as wiring an electrical [part] or threading a needle .

The other component of tasks is vigilance .
the other [part] of tasks is vigilance .

One exception to this parallelism is those tasks which have a large short-term memory component ( see Group 4 tests , above ) .
one exception to this parallelism is those tasks which have a large short-term memory [part] ( see group 4 tests , above ) .

Trying to establish why a component snapped
trying to establish why a [part] snapped

Each component raises a question needing a clear answer .
each [part] raises a question needing a clear answer .

But it is possible to dissect most crises and examine each component in turn .
but it is possible to dissect most crises and examine each [part] in turn .

Another important component of the competence of neighbourhood police is knowing the answer to the conundrum of what to do when nothing cam be done .
another important [part] of the competence of neighbourhood police is knowing the answer to the conundrum of what to do when nothing cam be done .

England 's change of captaincy since the end of the summer and the make-up of their various winter tour squads suggests a belief a that hard work is the first component in the rehabilitation plan .
england 's change of captaincy since the end of the summer and the make-up of their various winter tour squads suggests a belief a that hard work is the first [part] in the rehabilitation plan .

Neurons do not individually have the property of consciousness , consciousness emerges when a large number of neurons are interacting in the right kind of way ; just as speed is a property not of any single component of a car , but an emergent property of the whole system when it is operating in an appropriate way .
neurons do not individually have the property of consciousness , consciousness emerges when a large number of neurons are interacting in the right kind of way ; just as speed is a property not of any single [part] of a car , but an emergent property of the whole system when it is operating in an appropriate way .

Light cross winds , and in particular those with a slight down wind component , create by far the most treacherous conditions for both take-offs and landings .
light cross winds , and in particular those with a slight down wind [part] , create by far the most treacherous conditions for both take-offs and landings .

If there is a cross wind , there will be a tendency for the glider to start to swing , while if there is a down wind component on take-off , it will take the glider longer to gain enough speed for the controls to become effective .
if there is a cross wind , there will be a tendency for the glider to start to swing , while if there is a down wind [part] on take-off , it will take the glider longer to gain enough speed for the controls to become effective .

Therefore , make sure that you are in current flying practice and that you choose a straightforward day without a high wind , severe turbulence or a cross-wind component .
therefore , make sure that you are in current flying practice and that you choose a straightforward day without a high wind , severe turbulence or a cross-wind [part] .

It may be that in the protestant — loyalist case this ethnic tendency may have priority over the British component of identity or be in conflict with it .
it may be that in the protestant — loyalist case this ethnic tendency may have priority over the british [part] of identity or be in conflict with it .

Continuing or worsening strife could solidify covenant beliefs into a separate Ulster identity absolutely dominant over the British component , and demanding its own independent state form .
continuing or worsening strife could solidify covenant beliefs into a separate ulster identity absolutely dominant over the british [part] , and demanding its own independent state form .

The Gaelic-Irish Component
the gaelic-irish [part]

The emergence of a new pro-capitalist party in the South from the end of 1985 , the Progressive Democratic Party , might show the extent to which political divisions based on the treaty and within the nationalist component of hegemony may have become problematic , to be partially replaced by an even more explicit concern with increasing the popular wealth and prosperity .
the emergence of a new pro-capitalist party in the south from the end of 1985 , the progressive democratic party , might show the extent to which political divisions based on the treaty and within the nationalist [part] of hegemony may have become problematic , to be partially replaced by an even more explicit concern with increasing the popular wealth and prosperity .

The Religious Component of Catholic Nationalism
the religious [part] of catholic nationalism

An important component of this religious renewal was its individualistic orientation ; it was the individual rather than the group or its activity in the world which was the subject of this religious activity .
an important [part] of this religious renewal was its individualistic orientation ; it was the individual rather than the group or its activity in the world which was the subject of this religious activity .

The final procedure was to split off the component from the scrap and clean up .
the final procedure was to split off the [part] from the scrap and clean up .

Though cholesterol has a bad reputation , a raised level of cholesterol in the blood being one of the risk factors associated with heart disease , it is actually an essential component of the body .
though cholesterol has a bad reputation , a raised level of cholesterol in the blood being one of the risk factors associated with heart disease , it is actually an essential [part] of the body .

The system is regulated by the controlling , involuntary or autonomic nerves ( chapter 4 ) , by hormones , and by the centres in the brain which co-ordinate all these component parts .
the system is regulated by the controlling , involuntary or autonomic nerves ( chapter 4 ) , by hormones , and by the centres in the brain which co-ordinate all these [part] parts .

Hypertension is but one among many diseases , and progress has been made similarly in developing new drugs for regulating or adapting other parts of the body : drugs to strengthen the heart , to promote formation of blood , to help blood to clot or to prevent blood from clotting , to aid respiration , to increase the flow of urine , or selectively to increase or to diminish the amount of some selected component , to prevent conception or to promote fertility , drugs to stimulate the production of hormones or to block their actions , drugs to influence some particular aspect of the metabolism , and so on .
hypertension is but one among many diseases , and progress has been made similarly in developing new drugs for regulating or adapting other parts of the body : drugs to strengthen the heart , to promote formation of blood , to help blood to clot or to prevent blood from clotting , to aid respiration , to increase the flow of urine , or selectively to increase or to diminish the amount of some selected [part] , to prevent conception or to promote fertility , drugs to stimulate the production of hormones or to block their actions , drugs to influence some particular aspect of the metabolism , and so on .

The occurrence of convulsions carried risks of bone fractures and of other injuries , but ingenious psychiatrists encouraged the development of standardized preparations of curare which could be used clinically to prevent the muscular component of the electrically-induced seizures .
the occurrence of convulsions carried risks of bone fractures and of other injuries , but ingenious psychiatrists encouraged the development of standardized preparations of curare which could be used clinically to prevent the muscular [part] of the electrically-induced seizures .

All fairly straightforward though the coded letter we recovered from his baggage took a long time to crack , while his shaving kit will never be the same again after each piece was stripped to its component parts by one participant .
all fairly straightforward though the coded letter we recovered from his baggage took a long time to crack , while his shaving kit will never be the same again after each piece was stripped to its [part] parts by one participant .

‘ It is one of our priorities to adjust the work of the Interior Ministry to the new social conditions and turn this ministry into a component of state administration based on democratic principles … As of today the operations of the police force in the field of internal intelligence have been stopped , ’ Mr Calfa said .
‘ it is one of our priorities to adjust the work of the interior ministry to the new social conditions and turn this ministry into a [part] of state administration based on democratic principles … as of today the operations of the police force in the field of internal intelligence have been stopped , ’ mr calfa said .

Ferrari chose to hide its two-pedal Mondial on component supplier Valeo 's stand in the faint hope of convincing people its clutchless transmission was no more than a experimental engineering car .
ferrari chose to hide its two-pedal mondial on [part] supplier valeo 's stand in the faint hope of convincing people its clutchless transmission was no more than a experimental engineering car .

Lean production , with its emphasis on team work , responsibility , flexibility and quality , embraces everything from research and development to design , manufacturing , component supplies and distribution .
lean production , with its emphasis on team work , responsibility , flexibility and quality , embraces everything from research and development to design , manufacturing , [part] supplies and distribution .

In a business environment of increasingly rapid change , industries such as component manufacturers , that have a supplier relationship with another industry , may be forced to expand internationally to meet the changing needs of their customers .
in a business environment of increasingly rapid change , industries such as [part] manufacturers , that have a supplier relationship with another industry , may be forced to expand internationally to meet the changing needs of their customers .

Had the National Government stuck to its professed intentions and dissolved , after about six weeks , into its component parts , with the ensuing general election bring fought by the parties , the political landscape might not have been changed as much as in fact it was .
had the national government stuck to its professed intentions and dissolved , after about six weeks , into its [part] parts , with the ensuing general election bring fought by the parties , the political landscape might not have been changed as much as in fact it was .

This was the first sign of the real importance Britain was to accord civil aviation , viewing it as an essential component of the country 's postwar recovery .
this was the first sign of the real importance britain was to accord civil aviation , viewing it as an essential [part] of the country 's postwar recovery .

The second is organicism : that is , Conservatives regard society as ‘ a unitary , natural growth , an organized living whole not a mechanical aggregate ’ , which in turn implies that they are resistant to arguments which reduce society to component parts like classes or atomistic individuals .
the second is organicism : that is , conservatives regard society as ‘ a unitary , natural growth , an organized living whole not a mechanical aggregate ’ , which in turn implies that they are resistant to arguments which reduce society to [part] parts like classes or atomistic individuals .

These work-places belong to two main types of firms — largish firms in traditionally low wage industries such as laundries or electrical component factories or sweet factories , or sweat-shops — where the employer may be a family firm or a self-made man , fiercely anti-union , determined to compete with bigger firms if necessary , by exploiting his workers .
these work-places belong to two main types of firms — largish firms in traditionally low wage industries such as laundries or electrical [part] factories or sweet factories , or sweat-shops — where the employer may be a family firm or a self-made man , fiercely anti-union , determined to compete with bigger firms if necessary , by exploiting his workers .

The second component was to create educational and health services as rapidly as possible for as many people as possible , and the third was to achieve some fairer distribution of income between expatriate companies and individuals , and the local indigenous population .
the second [part] was to create educational and health services as rapidly as possible for as many people as possible , and the third was to achieve some fairer distribution of income between expatriate companies and individuals , and the local indigenous population .

From the 1920s sports reporting and photography was accepted as a crucial and specialized component of popular journalism .
from the 1920s sports reporting and photography was accepted as a crucial and specialized [part] of popular journalism .

The range and richness of sport as a component of popular culture has been overlooked by those who take a ‘ diffusionist ’ view , concentrating on how middle-class games and values were passed on to industrial workers via muscular Christians and social reformers .
the range and richness of sport as a [part] of popular culture has been overlooked by those who take a ‘ diffusionist ’ view , concentrating on how middle-class games and values were passed on to industrial workers via muscular christians and social reformers .

Public opinion has shifted to the right over the past decade on one component of collectivism — nationalization — and in a more liberal direction on another , state provision of welfare and social policies ( for similar trends elsewhere , see below ) .
public opinion has shifted to the right over the past decade on one [part] of collectivism — nationalization — and in a more liberal direction on another , state provision of welfare and social policies ( for similar trends elsewhere , see below ) .

On the positive side there are those like Kate Millett who find in Genet 's deviants a subversive inversion of dominant heterosexuality , especially its masculine component .
on the positive side there are those like kate millett who find in genet 's deviants a subversive inversion of dominant heterosexuality , especially its masculine [part] .

Progressives would willingly remove some of the stigma from homosexuality , and have often acknowledged the homosexual component within the heterosexually identified .
progressives would willingly remove some of the stigma from homosexuality , and have often acknowledged the homosexual [part] within the heterosexually identified .

Or , alternatively , homosexuality might be called upon to loosen the rigid gender identities within heterosexuality : men are permitted a ‘ feminine ’ component and ( though less oft en ) women a ‘ masculine ’ one .
or , alternatively , homosexuality might be called upon to loosen the rigid gender identities within heterosexuality : men are permitted a ‘ feminine ’ [part] and ( though less oft en ) women a ‘ masculine ’ one .

Fanon is surely right to stress the sexual component of racism , especially its destructive effects on ( hetero ) sexual relations across race .
fanon is surely right to stress the sexual [part] of racism , especially its destructive effects on ( hetero ) sexual relations across race .

Each of the individual images had a substantial component of uniqueness .
each of the individual images had a substantial [part] of uniqueness .

Admittedly if the component family abandons its claim to the land this will revert to the commonality but that does not mean that there are no such claims in normal circumstances .
admittedly if the [part] family abandons its claim to the land this will revert to the commonality but that does not mean that there are no such claims in normal circumstances .

It will be of particular interest to analysts investigating batch-to-batch product variations seeking adulterants in samples , characterising or sourcing raw materials and monitoring for specific components or component mixtures in a complex chromatogram .
it will be of particular interest to analysts investigating batch-to-batch product variations seeking adulterants in samples , characterising or sourcing raw materials and monitoring for specific components or [part] mixtures in a complex chromatogram .

Rather than the expected planar monocyclic cation ( cf , an alternative structure as observed with two rings joined to form an cation ( Fig. 1 ) in which each of the component rings provides one electron for a unique type of interaction through four sulphur atoms .
rather than the expected planar monocyclic cation ( cf , an alternative structure as observed with two rings joined to form an cation ( fig. 1 ) in which each of the [part] rings provides one electron for a unique type of interaction through four sulphur atoms .

Part-time farmers occupied just under half the 250,000 holdings in Bavaria and provided a more stable component in the farming community than their full-time colleagues .
part-time farmers occupied just under half the 250,000 holdings in bavaria and provided a more stable [part] in the farming community than their full-time colleagues .

Training is an important component of the last two of these suggestions .
training is an important [part] of the last two of these suggestions .

The sale of commercial aircraft provided a powerful boost to overseas sales , but , even excluding this volatile component , the increase was broadly-based .
the sale of commercial aircraft provided a powerful boost to overseas sales , but , even excluding this volatile [part] , the increase was broadly-based .

Principal component analysis
principal [part] analysis

Whereas biological control must be central to organic farming systems , the major potential application appears to be as a component of integrated farming systems which use limited amounts of chemical pesticides .
whereas biological control must be central to organic farming systems , the major potential application appears to be as a [part] of integrated farming systems which use limited amounts of chemical pesticides .

The familiar smell of the dental surgery comes from oil of cloves , a component of some dental cements .
the familiar smell of the dental surgery comes from oil of cloves , a [part] of some dental cements .

At the same time , cutbacks in services , and the sharp increase in family poverty ( families with children replaced pensioners as the main component of the lowest income group ) meant that need and demand were increasing , just when services were having to be rationed .
at the same time , cutbacks in services , and the sharp increase in family poverty ( families with children replaced pensioners as the main [part] of the lowest income group ) meant that need and demand were increasing , just when services were having to be rationed .

It would be particularly appropriate at the present time to pay more attention to this aspect , and to obtain better information about crofters ' levels of living , including the subsistence component and remittances from emigrants .
it would be particularly appropriate at the present time to pay more attention to this aspect , and to obtain better information about crofters ' levels of living , including the subsistence [part] and remittances from emigrants .

The basic idea is to break down manoeuvres into smaller component parts , concentrating on polishing up each part in the sequence before considering the whole .
the basic idea is to break down manoeuvres into smaller [part] parts , concentrating on polishing up each part in the sequence before considering the whole .

Fig 2 The component parts of a windsurfer
fig 2 the [part] parts of a windsurfer

Rather than trying to tackle the gybe as a whole , break it down into smaller component parts and try to make each part smooth .
rather than trying to tackle the gybe as a whole , break it down into smaller [part] parts and try to make each part smooth .

Some large enterprises with many component ‘ organizations of associated labour ’ also have ‘ internal ’ banks , which are largely a means of pooling enterprise liquidity .
some large enterprises with many [part] ‘ organizations of associated labour ’ also have ‘ internal ’ banks , which are largely a means of pooling enterprise liquidity .

Short of mass expulsion or the annihilation of the Albanians of Kosovo , the problems of Kosovo will never be solved until the Serbs accept the Albanians as an equal national component of Yugoslavia , entitled to the same treatment as all the other Yugoslav nations .
short of mass expulsion or the annihilation of the albanians of kosovo , the problems of kosovo will never be solved until the serbs accept the albanians as an equal national [part] of yugoslavia , entitled to the same treatment as all the other yugoslav nations .

There is no doubt that inheritance is a major component of the problem .
there is no doubt that inheritance is a major [part] of the problem .

It was all part of their information technology training , a component of the national curriculum .
it was all part of their information technology training , a [part] of the national curriculum .

United Motors had already built a component plant in Dublin a few years before , at the specific request of the Chairman , but it had never operated profitably .
united motors had already built a [part] plant in dublin a few years before , at the specific request of the chairman , but it had never operated profitably .

The fact that France had already received the lion 's share of new European component investment over the previous five years was beside the point .
the fact that france had already received the lion 's share of new european [part] investment over the previous five years was beside the point .

‘ Spain erects huge barriers which make it difficult , if not impossible , for vehicle and component imports to enter that country , ’ Mark said .
‘ spain erects huge barriers which make it difficult , if not impossible , for vehicle and [part] imports to enter that country , ’ mark said .

Spanish rules and regulations then determine what percentage of total output will be exported and what the local component content will be .
spanish rules and regulations then determine what percentage of total output will be exported and what the local [part] content will be .

She had what was generally regarded by other top secretaries as the most interesting job in European component operations , and took a great personal interest in her work .
she had what was generally regarded by other top secretaries as the most interesting job in european [part] operations , and took a great personal interest in her work .

The other was from the Vice President in charge of Overseas ' Operations , thanking him for his personal contribution to the expansion of European Component Operations .
the other was from the vice president in charge of overseas ' operations , thanking him for his personal contribution to the expansion of european [part] operations .

The Treasurer 's room was all dark teak furniture and the walls were hung with portraits of the top men in the Corporation , unlike the walls of Mark 's office which were covered with coloured aerial photographs of the many European component plants which had come within his planning responsibility .
the treasurer 's room was all dark teak furniture and the walls were hung with portraits of the top men in the corporation , unlike the walls of mark 's office which were covered with coloured aerial photographs of the many european [part] plants which had come within his planning responsibility .

Flanking the portrait of the Chairman , Tom O'Reilly , were those of the President and Chief Executive officer , Nate Cocello , the Head of Overseas ' Operations , Mogadon Man , the General Director , Europe , Clancy McGillicuddy , and Pat Muldoon as Regional Manager of European Component Operations .
flanking the portrait of the chairman , tom o'reilly , were those of the president and chief executive officer , nate cocello , the head of overseas ' operations , mogadon man , the general director , europe , clancy mcgillicuddy , and pat muldoon as regional manager of european [part] operations .

By mixing metals it is possible to make alloys which are tougher , more ductile , have a different colour , a lower melting point , or flow more easily when molten than the individual component metals .
by mixing metals it is possible to make alloys which are tougher , more ductile , have a different colour , a lower melting point , or flow more easily when molten than the individual [part] metals .

The analysis of these metal objects can range from simply identifying the composition of an individual item or its component parts to studying the general development of metal use .
the analysis of these metal objects can range from simply identifying the composition of an individual item or its [part] parts to studying the general development of metal use .

Many metal objects are made of more than one component .
many metal objects are made of more than one [part] .

Together with hydrogen , it is a component of all organic compounds and is fundamental to life .
together with hydrogen , it is a [part] of all organic compounds and is fundamental to life .

Real wear is the cumulative result of a vast number of very minor rubs and abrasions from a variety of preferred angles concentrated at a number of areas such as extremities or where one component rubs against another , such as on the links of a chain or the catch of a clasp .
real wear is the cumulative result of a vast number of very minor rubs and abrasions from a variety of preferred angles concentrated at a number of areas such as extremities or where one [part] rubs against another , such as on the links of a chain or the catch of a clasp .

In addition safety through the elimination of tank entry , component and chemical handling and dismantling is enhanced .
in addition safety through the elimination of tank entry , [part] and chemical handling and dismantling is enhanced .

Busy bureaucrats , accountants , division chiefs and so on can always check the budget to the last dollar , suggest improvements to the ‘ organigram ’ of the project , add a foreign-training component and so on .
busy bureaucrats , accountants , division chiefs and so on can always check the budget to the last dollar , suggest improvements to the ‘ organigram ’ of the project , add a foreign-training [part] and so on .

The development of agronomic research into soil conserving practices also ( in four cases where the search discovered projects with this component ) seems to have occurred at the research station , and on the land of a handful of farmers .
the development of agronomic research into soil conserving practices also ( in four cases where the search discovered projects with this [part] ) seems to have occurred at the research station , and on the land of a handful of farmers .

The metaliterary component is not so much in the existence of characters who discourse on the state of the art , even obliquely , through the exploration of writing 's other — through non-writing or no-more-writing — as in the project of the central characters , which is an essentially dramatic one : that of trying to imagine themselves into the world of another .
the metaliterary [part] is not so much in the existence of characters who discourse on the state of the art , even obliquely , through the exploration of writing 's other — through non-writing or no-more-writing — as in the project of the central characters , which is an essentially dramatic one : that of trying to imagine themselves into the world of another .

Either way , the issue remains an important component of any Israeli-Syrian settlement .
either way , the issue remains an important [part] of any israeli-syrian settlement .

Our agreement would propose a royalty of 8 % of our receipts on each written component .
our agreement would propose a royalty of 8 % of our receipts on each written [part] .

Our agreement would propose a royalty of 2 % of our receipts on each written component for the use of the syllabus of Project English and for looking over the Activity Book and Video Guide manuscripts .
our agreement would propose a royalty of 2 % of our receipts on each written [part] for the use of the syllabus of project english and for looking over the activity book and video guide manuscripts .

The component had been genetically engineered to produce a vaccine highly effective against all strains .
the [part] had been genetically engineered to produce a vaccine highly effective against all strains .

The tell-tale sign was that at FFr29.5m , consumer finance was easily the biggest component in new lending last year .
the tell-tale sign was that at ffr29.5m , consumer finance was easily the biggest [part] in new lending last year .

Although the electronics industry has changed greatly , possible the greatest change is that very little component level manufacture is done in this country .
although the electronics industry has changed greatly , possible the greatest change is that very little [part] level manufacture is done in this country .

The component of external field which is in line with the core axis either aids or opposes the excitation field in its alternating polarity phases .
the [part] of external field which is in line with the core axis either aids or opposes the excitation field in its alternating polarity phases .

In the non-isolated version of the topology , as used in Terrence Finnegan 's design , the capacitor is , as he says , smaller than the equivalent magnetic component used for energy transfer .
in the non-isolated version of the topology , as used in terrence finnegan 's design , the capacitor is , as he says , smaller than the equivalent magnetic [part] used for energy transfer .

The human factor is a main component in 90 per cent of cases , and in 70 per cent proper management effort might have prevented them .
the human factor is a main [part] in 90 per cent of cases , and in 70 per cent proper management effort might have prevented them .

Profile Component 1 — Speaking and listening
profile [part] 1 — speaking and listening

Profile Component 2 — Reading
profile [part] 2 — reading

Profile Component 3 — Writing
profile [part] 3 — writing

Our inclusion of speaking and listening as a separate profile component in our recommendations is a reflection of our conviction that they are of central importance to children 's development .
our inclusion of speaking and listening as a separate profile [part] in our recommendations is a reflection of our conviction that they are of central importance to children 's development .

We propose the following single attainment targets for the speaking and listening profile component :
we propose the following single attainment targets for the speaking and listening profile [part] :

We propose the following single attainment target for the reading profile component :
we propose the following single attainment target for the reading profile [part] :

Again , this strand is not continued into the higher levels because further development of this ability would move into areas such as acting and public speaking , which are not appropriately assessed within a reading component .
again , this strand is not continued into the higher levels because further development of this ability would move into areas such as acting and public speaking , which are not appropriately assessed within a reading [part] .

We allocated speaking and listening to one profile component since they are essentially reciprocal , interacting activities and , as such , best taken together .
we allocated speaking and listening to one profile [part] since they are essentially reciprocal , interacting activities and , as such , best taken together .

1.9 We deal with attainment targets and programmes of study for each profile component in turn in chapters 15 to 17 .
1.9 we deal with attainment targets and programmes of study for each profile [part] in turn in chapters 15 to 17 .

The previous chapter suggested that the Hispanic heritage was the major element contributing to the cultural formation of Latin America and , since values constitute a vital component of culture , the Hispanic influence has been considerable in shaping norms .
the previous chapter suggested that the hispanic heritage was the major element contributing to the cultural formation of latin america and , since values constitute a vital [part] of culture , the hispanic influence has been considerable in shaping norms .

There are relations that can be created by expressions of consent , and there are many in which such acts form or can form a component of their creation or perpetuation .
there are relations that can be created by expressions of consent , and there are many in which such acts form or can form a [part] of their creation or perpetuation .

The AGRs have also enabled the nuclear component of electricity production in the United Kingdom ( including Scotland ) to push through the 20 per cent barrier .
the agrs have also enabled the nuclear [part] of electricity production in the united kingdom ( including scotland ) to push through the 20 per cent barrier .

It was like the Ford motor car of reactors , a production line model whose major component parts were all pre-fabricated in a factory .
it was like the ford motor car of reactors , a production line model whose major [part] parts were all pre-fabricated in a factory .

National loyalty becomes a component of personal honour , and any analysis is as much an affront for many people as a discussion of any other items of the sacred .
national loyalty becomes a [part] of personal honour , and any analysis is as much an affront for many people as a discussion of any other items of the sacred .

Despite disclaimers , Social Democracy in Germany was German Social Democracy , not simply a German component of an international class organization ( as theory and the French maintained ) .
despite disclaimers , social democracy in germany was german social democracy , not simply a german [part] of an international class organization ( as theory and the french maintained ) .

It moved from being a component in the domestic strategy for the conquest of power to the key element in the overthrow of world capitalism , founded now upon an alliance of European workers and the nationalist movements of Asia .
it moved from being a [part] in the domestic strategy for the conquest of power to the key element in the overthrow of world capitalism , founded now upon an alliance of european workers and the nationalist movements of asia .

Contractions and changes in contact are only part of the programme and an essential component is the specification of where and when they occur — the process of pattern formation .
contractions and changes in contact are only part of the programme and an essential [part] is the specification of where and when they occur — the process of pattern formation .

It is such considerations of equity and judgement that make the course-work component in examinations suspect , however much its assessment may be regulated by published sets of criteria .
it is such considerations of equity and judgement that make the course-work [part] in examinations suspect , however much its assessment may be regulated by published sets of criteria .

Such differing criteria as these will presumably be used for the purpose of assessing the course-work component of the examinations as well as the final papers .
such differing criteria as these will presumably be used for the purpose of assessing the course-work [part] of the examinations as well as the final papers .

Birth control — diosgenin from Mexican and Guatemalan wild yams is a major component of the contraceptive pill
birth control — diosgenin from mexican and guatemalan wild yams is a major [part] of the contraceptive pill

Alistair and Wayne show they have appreciated that the addition of one tower to the other will create a new tower that is taller than either of its component towers , whereas Matthew and Claire have been looking at the inverse operation — one brick less and the tower is lower .
alistair and wayne show they have appreciated that the addition of one tower to the other will create a new tower that is taller than either of its [part] towers , whereas matthew and claire have been looking at the inverse operation — one brick less and the tower is lower .

Polish nationalism , as Rosa Luxemburg pointed out to Lenin on several occasions , was unusual in that it was not primarily a bourgeois phenomenon , but rather a substitute for ideology taken over from the szlachta by the Polish peasantry as they and the lower ranks of the gentry coalesced to form an industrial working class and a commercial bourgeoisie.14 An important component of Polish political life , and part of the damage wrought by partition , was the continuing failure to produce an ideology that went beyond the purely national to link the aspiration to exist as an independent nation with either capitalist organisation or a socialist vision of society .
polish nationalism , as rosa luxemburg pointed out to lenin on several occasions , was unusual in that it was not primarily a bourgeois phenomenon , but rather a substitute for ideology taken over from the szlachta by the polish peasantry as they and the lower ranks of the gentry coalesced to form an industrial working class and a commercial bourgeoisie.14 an important [part] of polish political life , and part of the damage wrought by partition , was the continuing failure to produce an ideology that went beyond the purely national to link the aspiration to exist as an independent nation with either capitalist organisation or a socialist vision of society .

The National Insurance pension is the most important component of social security provision and so the lower the incomes of pensioners , the greater the proportion the National Insurance pension comprises , and the less is derived from occupational pensions .
the national insurance pension is the most important [part] of social security provision and so the lower the incomes of pensioners , the greater the proportion the national insurance pension comprises , and the less is derived from occupational pensions .

The shelf stock for each interest category is calculated by expressing its loan component percentage as a percentage of the total open shelf capacity of the library .
the shelf stock for each interest category is calculated by expressing its loan [part] percentage as a percentage of the total open shelf capacity of the library .

The principle of exchange is urged as an essential component of the system .
the principle of exchange is urged as an essential [part] of the system .

Finally , as Astbury comments , libraries would claim to contribute the critical component in the market , to provide the counterweight to bestsellerdom , and to contribute substantially to sustaining a wide range of serious books .
finally , as astbury comments , libraries would claim to contribute the critical [part] in the market , to provide the counterweight to bestsellerdom , and to contribute substantially to sustaining a wide range of serious books .

Another example of an issue which has a welfare component and a conservation component is one which is less important here but very important in many tropical countries : the problem of stray dogs .
another example of an issue which has a welfare [part] and a conservation [part] is one which is less important here but very important in many tropical countries : the problem of stray dogs .

The first component in this classical stimulus-response link is specific injury-detecting nerve fibres , the nociceptors .
the first [part] in this classical stimulus-response link is specific injury-detecting nerve fibres , the nociceptors .

First , we have no reason to associate pain with the possession of any one neural component .
first , we have no reason to associate pain with the possession of any one neural [part] .

They found that no dye was formed from pure aniline ; that magenta was usually a mixture of two dyestuffs ( 1 and 2 ) ; and that the products formed could be controlled by the proportions of the component amines .
they found that no dye was formed from pure aniline ; that magenta was usually a mixture of two dyestuffs ( 1 and 2 ) ; and that the products formed could be controlled by the proportions of the [part] amines .

Platelets are undoubtedly involved in the final occlusion of atheromatous arteries and form the major component ( the ‘ white head ’ of aggregated platelets ) of the occlusive thrombus ( Davies & Thomas , 1981 ) .
platelets are undoubtedly involved in the final occlusion of atheromatous arteries and form the major [part] ( the ‘ white head ’ of aggregated platelets ) of the occlusive thrombus ( davies & thomas , 1981 ) .

This would have the effect of rendering the reactive vitrinite component inert and therefore thermally more stable , with the result that subsequent reburial would not exceed the temperature threshold for hydrocarbon-producing reactions to occur .
this would have the effect of rendering the reactive vitrinite [part] inert and therefore thermally more stable , with the result that subsequent reburial would not exceed the temperature threshold for hydrocarbon-producing reactions to occur .

The maximum horizontal stress includes a tectonic stress component which is greater than Tx .
the maximum horizontal stress includes a tectonic stress [part] which is greater than tx .

From the above observations one can deduce that either the tensile strength is zero due to pre-fracturing , or that the tectonic component of was underestimated .
from the above observations one can deduce that either the tensile strength is zero due to pre-fracturing , or that the tectonic [part] of was underestimated .

Each component of these models was then expanded in the same manner to identify the associated activities .
each [part] of these models was then expanded in the same manner to identify the associated activities .

It also focussed attention at each level on the measures of performance required for effective monitoring and control , and the information dependencies of all subsystems . Further expansion was carried out on the same basis , progressively moving through the model until more specific activities started to emerge , such as those that could be associated with component 8.7 , ie reduce costs :
it also focussed attention at each level on the measures of performance required for effective monitoring and control , and the information dependencies of all subsystems . further expansion was carried out on the same basis , progressively moving through the model until more specific activities started to emerge , such as those that could be associated with [part] 8.7 , ie reduce costs :

To maintain links between the main model and the outputs of the expansion , an ‘ audit trail ’ should be established by numbering each component of the model in thumb , then extending the numbers on a decimal basis as the expansion progresses .
to maintain links between the main model and the outputs of the expansion , an ‘ audit trail ’ should be established by numbering each [part] of the model in thumb , then extending the numbers on a decimal basis as the expansion progresses .

It is convenient to point out at this stage that , for colliding gravitational and electromagnetic waves , two of the scalar polynomial invariants ( Penrose and Rindler , 1986 ) are given by ( 8.2 ) It follows from this that , in order to prove the existence of a scalar polynomial curvature singularity , it is sufficient merely to show that the component 2 is unbounded .
it is convenient to point out at this stage that , for colliding gravitational and electromagnetic waves , two of the scalar polynomial invariants ( penrose and rindler , 1986 ) are given by ( 8.2 ) it follows from this that , in order to prove the existence of a scalar polynomial curvature singularity , it is sufficient merely to show that the [part] 2 is unbounded .

When and , the approaching waves contain an impulsive component .
when and , the approaching waves contain an impulsive [part] .

As in previous examples , it can be shown that the approaching waves have an impulsive component if .
as in previous examples , it can be shown that the approaching waves have an impulsive [part] if .

The plane wave metric given by ( 13.32 ) has the single component of the curvature tensor given by .
the plane wave metric given by ( 13.32 ) has the single [part] of the curvature tensor given by .

They include an impulsive component and a step component .
they include an impulsive [part] and a step [part] .

The scientific world is beginning to discover what metaphysical teachers have known for centuries , that our world is not composed of any matter at all and that its basic component is a kind of energy or force .
the scientific world is beginning to discover what metaphysical teachers have known for centuries , that our world is not composed of any matter at all and that its basic [part] is a kind of energy or force .

They occur during fossilization , with loss of the organic component of bone and its replacement by minerals ; the possible transport of bone after fossilization and its subsequent exposure to weathering ; and the various biases and modifications introduced by incomplete excavation and inadequate preservation and storage of specimens in museums .
they occur during fossilization , with loss of the organic [part] of bone and its replacement by minerals ; the possible transport of bone after fossilization and its subsequent exposure to weathering ; and the various biases and modifications introduced by incomplete excavation and inadequate preservation and storage of specimens in museums .

Each of the component parts of the coach were carefully gauged and inspected before leaving the sawmill to ensure its fitting correctly in position without hand labour in the body shop .
each of the [part] parts of the coach were carefully gauged and inspected before leaving the sawmill to ensure its fitting correctly in position without hand labour in the body shop .

The component parts of the woodwork for the sides , backs and quarters were assembled in jigs by a gang of finishers , and when completed they were transferred by means of a conveyor to the trimmers , who were supplied with cloth and other material cut to the correct size and stitched .
the [part] parts of the woodwork for the sides , backs and quarters were assembled in jigs by a gang of finishers , and when completed they were transferred by means of a conveyor to the trimmers , who were supplied with cloth and other material cut to the correct size and stitched .

Versatile midfielder ‘ super Alan Pardew ’ joined The Eagles from Yeovil Town for a mere £7,500 in 1987 and made tremendous progress with the Palace , so that he missed only one match during our 1988–89 promotion season , for which his drive , energy and cultured right foot provided an invaluable component , and just two games upon our return to the 1st Division in 1989–90 .
versatile midfielder ‘ super alan pardew ’ joined the eagles from yeovil town for a mere £7,500 in 1987 and made tremendous progress with the palace , so that he missed only one match during our 1988–89 promotion season , for which his drive , energy and cultured right foot provided an invaluable [part] , and just two games upon our return to the 1st division in 1989–90 .

In science , for example , the earth science component ( attainment targets 9 and 16 , with aspects of attainment targets 5 , 6 , 7 and 8 ) includes much that has in the past been described as geography , while the materials component ( ATs 6–8 ) includes a great deal that has conventionally been regarded as technology .
in science , for example , the earth science [part] ( attainment targets 9 and 16 , with aspects of attainment targets 5 , 6 , 7 and 8 ) includes much that has in the past been described as geography , while the materials [part] ( ats 6–8 ) includes a great deal that has conventionally been regarded as technology .

Our competitors who use their better provision of education to beat us at the economic game — show us how a slender force of educated human resources , our current situation , is no basis for technical expertise in volume , for high intellect in commerce , for leadership quality in management , or for any other human component of economic success .
our competitors who use their better provision of education to beat us at the economic game — show us how a slender force of educated human resources , our current situation , is no basis for technical expertise in volume , for high intellect in commerce , for leadership quality in management , or for any other human [part] of economic success .

The components of a chemical compound can be identified and their concentrations measured , but unless it has already been proved that the particular component identified is odorous at the concentration encountered , such measurements will have little evidential value in proving the odour complained of either does or does not amount to a nuisance at law .
the components of a chemical compound can be identified and their concentrations measured , but unless it has already been proved that the particular [part] identified is odorous at the concentration encountered , such measurements will have little evidential value in proving the odour complained of either does or does not amount to a nuisance at law .

This is because , no chemical analytical technique presently available can assess the impact of a particular odorant or component of that odorant on an individual .
this is because , no chemical analytical technique presently available can assess the impact of a particular odorant or [part] of that odorant on an individual .

Thus , part of the story must be that the name/noun contrast puts the two individuals in different roles with respect to situation , with the asymmetry resulting from the thematic subject component .
thus , part of the story must be that the name/noun contrast puts the two individuals in different roles with respect to situation , with the asymmetry resulting from the thematic subject [part] .

Typically , the reasoning component of the system will be more expensive and less reliable than the linguistic components , and constraints between anaphors can sometimes allow the system to avoid doing any non-linguistic reasoning at all .
typically , the reasoning [part] of the system will be more expensive and less reliable than the linguistic components , and constraints between anaphors can sometimes allow the system to avoid doing any non-linguistic reasoning at all .

It also entails the preparation of a staffing plan as an important component of the School Development Plan described in the next chapter .
it also entails the preparation of a staffing plan as an important [part] of the school development plan described in the next chapter .

The staff are the school 's most important asset and the main component of any budget will be the cost of staff , including cover for those absent .
the staff are the school 's most important asset and the main [part] of any budget will be the cost of staff , including cover for those absent .

An essential component of any local management scheme is the staff training which precedes its introduction and continues throughout its operation .
an essential [part] of any local management scheme is the staff training which precedes its introduction and continues throughout its operation .

When tested on the data from a further 9 boards , repaired since the initial data was collected , the resulting expert system correctly identified the faulty component on two thirds of the occasions and indicated the correct area on the remaining one third .
when tested on the data from a further 9 boards , repaired since the initial data was collected , the resulting expert system correctly identified the faulty [part] on two thirds of the occasions and indicated the correct area on the remaining one third .

It is evident that better support to system and component failure diagnosis is currently required if problems of this nature are to be mitigated .
it is evident that better support to system and [part] failure diagnosis is currently required if problems of this nature are to be mitigated .

During early system evaluation it was found that experts much preferred a simple direct dialogue style that presented basic diagnostic information such as test point values and component values , whereas the inexperienced required more directed problem analysis and advice .
during early system evaluation it was found that experts much preferred a simple direct dialogue style that presented basic diagnostic information such as test point values and [part] values , whereas the inexperienced required more directed problem analysis and advice .

The inability to speedily and correctly diagnose aircraft system and component failures because good diagnostic skills are in short supply leads to departure delays and possible compromises in safety .
the inability to speedily and correctly diagnose aircraft system and [part] failures because good diagnostic skills are in short supply leads to departure delays and possible compromises in safety .

This is particularly true within areas such as avionic systems and component diagnostics .
this is particularly true within areas such as avionic systems and [part] diagnostics .

Repair Timings : Repair timings may be considered at three distinct levels , the defer/do now decision , scheduled maintenance task sequencing and component life decisions .
repair timings : repair timings may be considered at three distinct levels , the defer/do now decision , scheduled maintenance task sequencing and [part] life decisions .

Component Life Decisions : The consequences of errors in component life values , both in airworthiness and economic terms can be extremely serious .
[part] life decisions : the consequences of errors in [part] life values , both in airworthiness and economic terms can be extremely serious .

However , the consequences of non-availability of aircraft spares when called for is delay to the maintenance operation or the initiation of component transfer from one aircraft to another .
however , the consequences of non-availability of aircraft spares when called for is delay to the maintenance operation or the initiation of [part] transfer from one aircraft to another .

Now , arriving at his own manor of Kouklia , he recognised as if he had been bred to it the sound and smell and look of each component ; each piece of equipment .
now , arriving at his own manor of kouklia , he recognised as if he had been bred to it the sound and smell and look of each [part] ; each piece of equipment .

What 's more , some scientific research suggests that the main component of garlic 's volatile oil is the same essential organic chemical as the hormone secreted by women when they are sexually aroused .
what 's more , some scientific research suggests that the main [part] of garlic 's volatile oil is the same essential organic chemical as the hormone secreted by women when they are sexually aroused .

Royal Society 's study group report on risk assessment is a tough read ; For example , ‘ At the administrative level , there is a need to acknowledge the validity of public perceptions , while at the same time purveying the fullest information on objective risk estimates , not least because these data form a major component of the public 's perceptions , ’ But it concentrates the mind and , of course , it deals with every activity of man .
royal society 's study group report on risk assessment is a tough read ; for example , ‘ at the administrative level , there is a need to acknowledge the validity of public perceptions , while at the same time purveying the fullest information on objective risk estimates , not least because these data form a major [part] of the public 's perceptions , ’ but it concentrates the mind and , of course , it deals with every activity of man .

This picture enables us to see structurally why the viscosity of glass depends strongly on the modifying component .
this picture enables us to see structurally why the viscosity of glass depends strongly on the modifying [part] .

Margaret Gowing in her official history of the British post-war atomic programme said : ‘ Polonium was a little-known element needed for a vital component of the ( atomic ) bomb … after Harwell had made the first polonium , Windscale assumed production responsibility … Polonium is a strong alpha emitter , however , until the Americans made an atomic bomb , no one had ever used polonium in any appreciable amount ; it was so radioactive that it glowed in the dark .
margaret gowing in her official history of the british post-war atomic programme said : ‘ polonium was a little-known element needed for a vital [part] of the ( atomic ) bomb … after harwell had made the first polonium , windscale assumed production responsibility … polonium is a strong alpha emitter , however , until the americans made an atomic bomb , no one had ever used polonium in any appreciable amount ; it was so radioactive that it glowed in the dark .

In weaponry , tungsten is a vital component in armour plating .
in weaponry , tungsten is a vital [part] in armour plating .

Instead of a simple forward and upward now , there may be a strong component of horizontal compression as the ice approaches the mountains .
instead of a simple forward and upward now , there may be a strong [part] of horizontal compression as the ice approaches the mountains .

The author then surveys the current state of the art of zeolite synthesis and transformation , and shows how it is possible to ring the changes among the component atoms of zeolites — the silicon and oxygen parts of the polymeric framework and the counterbalancing metal ions can all be changed for other elements while still preserving the topology that is the characteristic feature of a zeolite .
the author then surveys the current state of the art of zeolite synthesis and transformation , and shows how it is possible to ring the changes among the [part] atoms of zeolites — the silicon and oxygen parts of the polymeric framework and the counterbalancing metal ions can all be changed for other elements while still preserving the topology that is the characteristic feature of a zeolite .

In a similar fashion caffeine became a familiar component of all kinds of tonics and ‘ health drinks ’ , once it had been isolated from the coffee bean .
in a similar fashion caffeine became a familiar [part] of all kinds of tonics and ‘ health drinks ’ , once it had been isolated from the coffee bean .

The peaks of the calculated power spectra ( which demonstrate the most likely component frequencies ) were not distributed consistently .
the peaks of the calculated power spectra ( which demonstrate the most likely [part] frequencies ) were not distributed consistently .

Before , the main component of idle production time was idle labour ; today , given that machine down time costs seven times the rate of employing someone , the knowledge to maintain and repair machines becomes the most important skill .
before , the main [part] of idle production time was idle labour ; today , given that machine down time costs seven times the rate of employing someone , the knowledge to maintain and repair machines becomes the most important skill .

Other aspects of the associative component of flower learning seem equally curious .
other aspects of the associative [part] of flower learning seem equally curious .

In fact , the rate at which a bee learns each component differs dramatically between various geographic races of honey bee , strongly implicating a genetic basis for the different learning curves .
in fact , the rate at which a bee learns each [part] differs dramatically between various geographic races of honey bee , strongly implicating a genetic basis for the different learning curves .

As a result , changing any component of the set — the odour , say , which is learned to virtual perfection after one visit — forces the bees to relearn painstakingly all the other pieces of information at their characteristic ( slower ) rates even though they have not changed .
as a result , changing any [part] of the set — the odour , say , which is learned to virtual perfection after one visit — forces the bees to relearn painstakingly all the other pieces of information at their characteristic ( slower ) rates even though they have not changed .

Nor is the situation any different when we look at the trial-and-error component of the behaviour by which bees learn to harvest flower species efficiently .
nor is the situation any different when we look at the trial-and-error [part] of the behaviour by which bees learn to harvest flower species efficiently .

‘ Such sections should not be inserted as footnotes but rather as important component parts of the syllabus — under headings : In The Class ; In The School ; In The Community . '
‘ such sections should not be inserted as footnotes but rather as important [part] parts of the syllabus — under headings : in the class ; in the school ; in the community . '

However , it is the processes involved in the public debate which should be examined and in which rhetoric forms an important component .
however , it is the processes involved in the public debate which should be examined and in which rhetoric forms an important [part] .

That is to say , the existence of home ground may be assumed not only for the grassroots component of a society , but for all its members .
that is to say , the existence of home ground may be assumed not only for the grassroots [part] of a society , but for all its members .

Unfortunately , as work by Vickerman and others at the Channel Tunnel Research Unit shows , transport forms a relatively small component of overall product costs and it is difficult to isolate the benefits of specific infrastructure improvements .
unfortunately , as work by vickerman and others at the channel tunnel research unit shows , transport forms a relatively small [part] of overall product costs and it is difficult to isolate the benefits of specific infrastructure improvements .

However , none of this makes up a complete education and training programme for a building surveyor : it is only the first part , the second being the professional training component culminating in the Test of Professional Competence .
however , none of this makes up a complete education and training programme for a building surveyor : it is only the first part , the second being the professional training [part] culminating in the test of professional competence .

Time-scale for achieving objective broken down into component parts
time-scale for achieving objective broken down into [part] parts

Before any job can be controlled it must first be analysed into its component parts .
before any job can be controlled it must first be analysed into its [part] parts .

Once the component parts have been established , their order in terms of time-scale can be decided .
once the [part] parts have been established , their order in terms of time-scale can be decided .

The factor of consumption , however , forms a component part of this disproportionality .
the factor of consumption , however , forms a [part] part of this disproportionality .

What we have seen from this investigation is that the concept of proportionality is an essential component of Bukharin 's theory of equilibrium , particularly when applied to the dynamics of the economy .
what we have seen from this investigation is that the concept of proportionality is an essential [part] of bukharin 's theory of equilibrium , particularly when applied to the dynamics of the economy .

The apparatus of our state economy forms a component part of the production relations of Soviet society , that is , it is itself wholly included in the ‘ basis ’ .
the apparatus of our state economy forms a [part] part of the production relations of soviet society , that is , it is itself wholly included in the ‘ basis ’ .

Jem Marsh is deadly serious , not a flicker of a smile darting across his weathered expression : ‘ We 're going to move out of the component car industry .
jem marsh is deadly serious , not a flicker of a smile darting across his weathered expression : ‘ we 're going to move out of the [part] car industry .

The component , system , whole car or initiative making the greatest contribution to furthering safety in cars
the [part] , system , whole car or initiative making the greatest contribution to furthering safety in cars

Over thousands of years it has been recognized that the human body has a non-physical component , and it is striking that through all the descriptions there is a strong energy theme .
over thousands of years it has been recognized that the human body has a non-physical [part] , and it is striking that through all the descriptions there is a strong energy theme .

In Robinson 's own words , this seven-track album represents the sum of the component parts that make up Robinson 's musical education : pop , funk , reggae , African music , jazz … and much more of the true originality besides .
in robinson 's own words , this seven-track album represents the sum of the [part] parts that make up robinson 's musical education : pop , funk , reggae , african music , jazz … and much more of the true originality besides .

In addition there are conditions where the psychological component is only a small part of the story — it can make the symptoms worse but not initiate the illness .
in addition there are conditions where the psychological [part] is only a small part of the story — it can make the symptoms worse but not initiate the illness .

One important dietary component , that can have a powerful effect on both mind and body , is caffeine .
one important dietary [part] , that can have a powerful effect on both mind and body , is caffeine .

They concluded that the mother 's diet ‘ may influence the likelihood of infantile colic in breast-fed children , but that the source of the colic can not be attributed to a single dietary component [ ie milk ] .
they concluded that the mother 's diet ‘ may influence the likelihood of infantile colic in breast-fed children , but that the source of the colic can not be attributed to a single dietary [part] [ ie milk ] .

Also among Evershed 's finds was a vessel with pottery bits stuck back on using an adhesive containing betulin — a major component of silver birch trees — indicating that birch bark tar was once used as glue .
also among evershed 's finds was a vessel with pottery bits stuck back on using an adhesive containing betulin — a major [part] of silver birch trees — indicating that birch bark tar was once used as glue .

Simplesse does not offer an alternative for people allergic to dairy products because it is made from milk whey and eggs , although tests have shown that the microparticulated proteins in Simplesse cause no greater allergic reaction than the component proteins .
simplesse does not offer an alternative for people allergic to dairy products because it is made from milk whey and eggs , although tests have shown that the microparticulated proteins in simplesse cause no greater allergic reaction than the [part] proteins .

The residence time of the instilled drug can be increased by mimicking the interactions that normally occur between the mucoid component of the tear film and the corneal surface .
the residence time of the instilled drug can be increased by mimicking the interactions that normally occur between the mucoid [part] of the tear film and the corneal surface .

In a biosensor , the biolayer is a true material component in the device , and can be thought of as an intelligent biomaterial .
in a biosensor , the biolayer is a true material [part] in the device , and can be thought of as an intelligent biomaterial .

Thus , if the enzymic component is sequestered in a cellular-subcellular location , access to substrate can only take place via lipid bilayers .
thus , if the enzymic [part] is sequestered in a cellular-subcellular location , access to substrate can only take place via lipid bilayers .

Inevitability , it is easier to control the ‘ man-made ’ component ( Fig .
inevitability , it is easier to control the ‘ man-made ’ [part] ( fig .

Once the task to be taught has been selected we can begin the first step in the model , that of analysing the task into its component elements and plotting the knowledge and skills necessary for successful performance .
once the task to be taught has been selected we can begin the first step in the model , that of analysing the task into its [part] elements and plotting the knowledge and skills necessary for successful performance .

In the examples of objectives given above for the cognitive domain , the affective component will be revealed in the quality of the interaction between the student and patient , in the way the nurse handles any complications arising , and in the evaluation stage , in the emphasis she places on personal and psychological needs .
in the examples of objectives given above for the cognitive domain , the affective [part] will be revealed in the quality of the interaction between the student and patient , in the way the nurse handles any complications arising , and in the evaluation stage , in the emphasis she places on personal and psychological needs .

This is best for complex and highly organised skills where component parts interact .
this is best for complex and highly organised skills where [part] parts interact .

The sum total should be far greater than each individual component .
the sum total should be far greater than each individual [part] .

The Religious Education component of the course provides an appropriate and recognized qualification for teaching the subject in both maintained and controlled schools in Northern Ireland .
the religious education [part] of the course provides an appropriate and recognized qualification for teaching the subject in both maintained and controlled schools in northern ireland .

Practical Studies : School-based work is a central component of the course .
practical studies : school-based work is a central [part] of the course .

History is the major discipline of the course ; politics also forms a substantial part , and there is a subsidiary social science component .
history is the major discipline of the course ; politics also forms a substantial part , and there is a subsidiary social science [part] .

These men , either forgetting or not realising that work is but a component of life and not a reason for it , are likely to have spent too much time working , to the exclusion of family and leisure activities .
these men , either forgetting or not realising that work is but a [part] of life and not a reason for it , are likely to have spent too much time working , to the exclusion of family and leisure activities .

This , too , has been a frequent component of the instruction , though the emphasis has generally been on the retrieval of information from the stock , with the organization and communication of this information for effective learning left in the background .
this , too , has been a frequent [part] of the instruction , though the emphasis has generally been on the retrieval of information from the stock , with the organization and communication of this information for effective learning left in the background .

The central component of such a policy , we contend , is simply an expanded version of the stages listed ’ ( p 11 ) .
the central [part] of such a policy , we contend , is simply an expanded version of the stages listed ’ ( p 11 ) .

Viewed in these terms this new development is revolutionary and the logical extension of making information skills a central component of the curriculum casts doubt upon the success of the new development .
viewed in these terms this new development is revolutionary and the logical extension of making information skills a central [part] of the curriculum casts doubt upon the success of the new development .

The sight of blood seems to be an important component of the process , and it often provides the patient with the sense of relief which may be mingled with feelings of disgust or guilt .
the sight of blood seems to be an important [part] of the process , and it often provides the patient with the sense of relief which may be mingled with feelings of disgust or guilt .

It was , then , transparently clear that the first linguistic component of the name was not the English fyrs = furze ( or forsc =frog ) , but the Latin forestarius = forester , and that the name as a whole meant ‘ of the forester 's holding , or enclosure ’ .
it was , then , transparently clear that the first linguistic [part] of the name was not the english fyrs = furze ( or forsc =frog ) , but the latin forestarius = forester , and that the name as a whole meant ‘ of the forester 's holding , or enclosure ’ .

It must be designed to constitute an essential component of those forces making for positive change in our country .
it must be designed to constitute an essential [part] of those forces making for positive change in our country .

So many young men , who in the Nicaraguan context are an important component not only of the student population but also of popular teachers and literacy workers , were away on military service .
so many young men , who in the nicaraguan context are an important [part] not only of the student population but also of popular teachers and literacy workers , were away on military service .

In chapter 6 , each individual value of a response variable ( data ) was decomposed into a conditional median ( fit ) and an unexplained component ( residual ) .
in chapter 6 , each individual value of a response variable ( data ) was decomposed into a conditional median ( fit ) and an unexplained [part] ( residual ) .

In such situations , smoothing aims to remove the error component and leave the underlying true trend .
in such situations , smoothing aims to remove the error [part] and leave the underlying true trend .

It is the variance , not the midspread , which is broken down into a fitted ( ‘ explained ’ ) and residual ( ‘ unexplained ’ ) component .
it is the variance , not the midspread , which is broken down into a fitted ( ‘ explained ’ ) and residual ( ‘ unexplained ’ ) [part] .

In chapter 13 we discuss how this is done with contingency tables ; in chapter 14 the technique of standardization is presented , and you learn how to construct a standardized mortality ratio ; in chapter 15 the techniques of chapter 6 , of decomposing variation into a fitted and a residual component , are extended to situations with two explanatory variables .
in chapter 13 we discuss how this is done with contingency tables ; in chapter 14 the technique of standardization is presented , and you learn how to construct a standardized mortality ratio ; in chapter 15 the techniques of chapter 6 , of decomposing variation into a fitted and a residual [part] , are extended to situations with two explanatory variables .

Many different component causes can add together to produce a particular outcome , a process known as multiple causality .
many different [part] causes can add together to produce a particular outcome , a process known as multiple causality .

We now know that the strength of that original relationship contained a spurious component .
we now know that the strength of that original relationship contained a spurious [part] .

The process of drawing inferences from non-experimental data is usually one of slowly elaborating a relationship between two variables , testing that it contains no spurious component due to the operation of a prior variable , and testing to see if one can pin down whether the cause influences the effect directly or through an intervening variable .
the process of drawing inferences from non-experimental data is usually one of slowly elaborating a relationship between two variables , testing that it contains no spurious [part] due to the operation of a prior variable , and testing to see if one can pin down whether the cause influences the effect directly or through an intervening variable .

These data not only confirm the severity of erosion in parts of Zimbabwe but reinforce Blaikie and Brookfield 's ( 1987 ) view ( section 4.4.1 ) that social factors are a significant component of soil erosion problems and must , therefore , be accorded sufficient consideration in soil conservation programmes .
these data not only confirm the severity of erosion in parts of zimbabwe but reinforce blaikie and brookfield 's ( 1987 ) view ( section 4.4.1 ) that social factors are a significant [part] of soil erosion problems and must , therefore , be accorded sufficient consideration in soil conservation programmes .

What is perhaps more disturbing is Harden 's statement that , apart from a few recently introduced measures , efforts to conserve the soil resource are not being undertaken , implying that soil conservation is not an intrinsic component of local agricultural practices .
what is perhaps more disturbing is harden 's statement that , apart from a few recently introduced measures , efforts to conserve the soil resource are not being undertaken , implying that soil conservation is not an intrinsic [part] of local agricultural practices .

There is also an increasing trend towards agroforestry which involves a combination of tree and agricultural crops ; the silvicultural component may be used to provide a crop and to ensure environmental protection .
there is also an increasing trend towards agroforestry which involves a combination of tree and agricultural crops ; the silvicultural [part] may be used to provide a crop and to ensure environmental protection .

The litter component will also help to maintain nutrient status which can also be manipulated if careful thought is given to the mixture of species ( both tree and crop ) to be grown in juxtaposition .
the litter [part] will also help to maintain nutrient status which can also be manipulated if careful thought is given to the mixture of species ( both tree and crop ) to be grown in juxtaposition .

Currently , however , biological control of plant , animal and viral pests is gaining new status as one component of integrated pest management strategies .
currently , however , biological control of plant , animal and viral pests is gaining new status as one [part] of integrated pest management strategies .

Little work has so far focused on plant pathogens , but it is likely that this will ultimately develop as another component of integrated pest-management strategies .
little work has so far focused on plant pathogens , but it is likely that this will ultimately develop as another [part] of integrated pest-management strategies .

Since a faithful classification of land cover is an essential component in the proposed scheme , several attempts were made in an effort to obtain a consistent and suitably detailed product .
since a faithful classification of land cover is an essential [part] in the proposed scheme , several attempts were made in an effort to obtain a consistent and suitably detailed product .

The first principal component , carrying 50 per cent of the original variance , was dominated by land-cover differences in the rural area .
the first principal [part] , carrying 50 per cent of the original variance , was dominated by land-cover differences in the rural area .

The second component ( 40 per cent of variance ) revealed the urban distribution very clearly with a strong rural/urban differentiation .
the second [part] ( 40 per cent of variance ) revealed the urban distribution very clearly with a strong rural/urban differentiation .

As previously stated , rural land cover was not an important consideration , and so the first component image was discarded , together with the last three , leaving components 2 , 3 and 4 .
as previously stated , rural land cover was not an important consideration , and so the first [part] image was discarded , together with the last three , leaving components 2 , 3 and 4 .

It seems certain to have major and growing effects upon environmental monitoring and prediction in Europe and on the policies of component governments .
it seems certain to have major and growing effects upon environmental monitoring and prediction in europe and on the policies of [part] governments .

The inclusion of the lifespan as one component of the model serves as a reminder that living is a lifelong process , from birth to death .
the inclusion of the lifespan as one [part] of the model serves as a reminder that living is a lifelong process , from birth to death .

In keeping with the relevant component of the model , these are discussed under the following headings — physical , psychological , sociocultural , environmental and politicoeconomic factors .
in keeping with the relevant [part] of the model , these are discussed under the following headings — physical , psychological , sociocultural , environmental and politicoeconomic factors .

By becoming a patient , not only treatment is sought ; comfort is also sought from nursing staff , and information-giving seems to be an important component of comfort .
by becoming a patient , not only treatment is sought ; comfort is also sought from nursing staff , and information-giving seems to be an important [part] of comfort .

Pearce ( 1988 ) , writing about the use of touch in an intensive care unit , differentiates between instrumental touch ( deliberate , physical contact needed to perform a specific task such as washing a patient or dressing a wound ) and expressive touch ( a relatively spontaneous and affective contact which is not necessarily a component of a physical task , such as holding a patient 's hand during a painful procedure ) .
pearce ( 1988 ) , writing about the use of touch in an intensive care unit , differentiates between instrumental touch ( deliberate , physical contact needed to perform a specific task such as washing a patient or dressing a wound ) and expressive touch ( a relatively spontaneous and affective contact which is not necessarily a [part] of a physical task , such as holding a patient 's hand during a painful procedure ) .

As literacy experts Grover Whitehurst and Christopher Lonigan put it , “ Reading , writing , and oral language develop concurrently and interdependently from an early age from children ’ s exposure to interactions in social contexts in which literacy is a component , and in the absence of formal instruction . ”
as literacy experts grover whitehurst and christopher lonigan put it , “ reading , writing , and oral language develop concurrently and interdependently from an early age from children ’ s exposure to interactions in social contexts in which literacy is a [part] , and in the absence of formal instruction . ”

The final component of a demand distribution , random fluctuation , is perhaps the most critical ; it is also the most difficult to assess and incorporate into inventory planning .
the final [part] of a demand distribution , random fluctuation , is perhaps the most critical ; it is also the most difficult to assess and incorporate into inventory planning .

This industry landscape also left the field open for the emergence of a new kind of retail competitor , one able to harness information as a central component of its competitive strategy .
this industry landscape also left the field open for the emergence of a new kind of retail competitor , one able to harness information as a central [part] of its competitive strategy .

Sometimes used interchangeably with altar , ofrenda means “ an offering ” and is set up as a component of an altar .
sometimes used interchangeably with altar , ofrenda means “ an offering ” and is set up as a [part] of an altar .

Indeed , wishing well for the other as an end in himself is an essential component of philia or friendship understood broadly , and this sentiment , Aristotle believed , provides the necessary foundation for all virtuous behavior .
indeed , wishing well for the other as an end in himself is an essential [part] of philia or friendship understood broadly , and this sentiment , aristotle believed , provides the necessary foundation for all virtuous behavior .

As we saw in discussing the origin-of-life problem , at a critical diversity of molecular species and potential catalysts , a phase transition occurs in which the catalyzed reactions form a giant connected component .
as we saw in discussing the origin-of-life problem , at a critical diversity of molecular species and potential catalysts , a phase transition occurs in which the catalyzed reactions form a giant connected [part] .

In eect , the frozen red component is a “ frozen red sea , ” which spans the entire network and typically leaves behind isolated twinkling green islands .
in eect , the frozen red [part] is a “ frozen red sea , ” which spans the entire network and typically leaves behind isolated twinkling green islands .

Guadeloupe ’ s two component islands are notably dissimilar and confusingly named .
guadeloupe ’ s two [part] islands are notably dissimilar and confusingly named .

The return and preservation of ancient traditions was a response , in part , to the increasing demand of savvy tourists for a cultural as well as a leisure experience , but a leading component was a growing movement by native Hawaiians to restore the rights stolen from them when the royal monarchy was overthrown .
the return and preservation of ancient traditions was a response , in part , to the increasing demand of savvy tourists for a cultural as well as a leisure experience , but a leading [part] was a growing movement by native hawaiians to restore the rights stolen from them when the royal monarchy was overthrown .

Each tradition is a component of Jerusalem ’ s greatness .
each tradition is a [part] of jerusalem ’ s greatness .

Each flower , plus all of its component parts — pistil , stamen , and so on — are replicated for 937 species .
each flower , plus all of its [part] parts — pistil , stamen , and so on — are replicated for 937 species .

Silesia , settled by a different tribe , would eventually become the third component of the nascent Polish state .
silesia , settled by a different tribe , would eventually become the third [part] of the nascent polish state .

Research studies of cost-effectiveness are needed to convince physicians and administrators that having staff available to address alcohol problems is an integral component of the practice of medicine and part of their mission .
research studies of cost-effectiveness are needed to convince physicians and administrators that having staff available to address alcohol problems is an integral [part] of the practice of medicine and part of their mission .

Since data from other studies indicate that facilitating the referral and making the connections increase compliance , the intervention ideally should have a component of compliance enhancement if it includes referral to community treatment programs .
since data from other studies indicate that facilitating the referral and making the connections increase compliance , the intervention ideally should have a [part] of compliance enhancement if it includes referral to community treatment programs .

Does the message include advice or add a component of motivational enhancement therapy ?
does the message include advice or add a [part] of motivational enhancement therapy ?

Recommendation # 2 Screening instruments under consideration for use in EDs should be evaluated as a component of protocols that provide interventions for patients .
recommendation # 2 screening instruments under consideration for use in eds should be evaluated as a [part] of protocols that provide interventions for patients .

To avoid that , for this recommendation we would have to say something like , `` Problematic alcohol-use screening instruments under consideration for use in the ED should be evaluated as a component of protocols that provide alcohol-use interventions for patients to decrease problems or use . ''
to avoid that , for this recommendation we would have to say something like , `` problematic alcohol-use screening instruments under consideration for use in the ed should be evaluated as a [part] of protocols that provide alcohol-use interventions for patients to decrease problems or use . ''

To him the statement implied that screening instruments should be evaluated only as a component of protocols that provide interventions .
to him the statement implied that screening instruments should be evaluated only as a [part] of protocols that provide interventions .

Longabaugh wanted the recommendation to include research training as an explicit component .
longabaugh wanted the recommendation to include research training as an explicit [part] .

For instance , the Congress may wish to provide the new department with `` early out '' and `` buy out '' authority in order to help quickly realign the component entities and provide for future flexibility .
for instance , the congress may wish to provide the new department with `` early out '' and `` buy out '' authority in order to help quickly realign the [part] entities and provide for future flexibility .

Over the longer term the creation of the new Department may also be an opportune time to review the account structure of the Department 's component entities .
over the longer term the creation of the new department may also be an opportune time to review the account structure of the department 's [part] entities .

With an estimated budget authority of the component parts of the new department of $ 37.45 billion , successfully transitioning the government in an endeavor of this scale will take considerable time and 19 money .
with an estimated budget authority of the [part] parts of the new department of $ 37.45 billion , successfully transitioning the government in an endeavor of this scale will take considerable time and 19 money .

The transition plan should establish a time table for the orderly migration of each component agency or program to the new department , identify key objectives to be achieved during the first year following the transfer , and describe the strategy for achieving an orderly transition and sustaining mission performance .
the transition plan should establish a time table for the orderly migration of each [part] agency or program to the new department , identify key objectives to be achieved during the first year following the transfer , and describe the strategy for achieving an orderly transition and sustaining mission performance .

This level is a positive indication of employee performance and means that the employee is effectively meeting performance demands for this component of the job .
this level is a positive indication of employee performance and means that the employee is effectively meeting performance demands for this [part] of the job .

As a result , security was seen as an important component in improving business operations by creating opportunities to use information technology in ways that would not otherwise be feasible .
as a result , security was seen as an important [part] in improving business operations by creating opportunities to use information technology in ways that would not otherwise be feasible .

Applicability The mission of FASAB is to recommend accounting concepts and standards that result in federal agencies ' financial reports including understandable , relevant , and reliable information about the financial position , activities , and results of operations of the United States government and its component units .
applicability the mission of fasab is to recommend accounting concepts and standards that result in federal agencies ' financial reports including understandable , relevant , and reliable information about the financial position , activities , and results of operations of the united states government and its [part] units .

Therefore , payments made to or collections received from the Federal Reserve System would be reported in the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component reporting entities.42 The Federal Reserve earns large amounts of interest on its portfolio of Treasury securities and deposits to the Treasury all net income after deducting dividends and the amount necessary to bring the surplus of the Federal Reserve Banks to the level of capital paid-in .
therefore , payments made to or collections received from the federal reserve system would be reported in the financial statements of the federal government and its [part] reporting entities.42 the federal reserve earns large amounts of interest on its portfolio of treasury securities and deposits to the treasury all net income after deducting dividends and the amount necessary to bring the surplus of the federal reserve banks to the level of capital paid-in .

The present value of estimated fees is likewise included as one component in calculating the value of loans receivable or loan guarantee liabilities .
the present value of estimated fees is likewise included as one [part] in calculating the value of loans receivable or loan guarantee liabilities .

The fee component of the subsidy cost is required to be disclosed separately .
the fee [part] of the subsidy cost is required to be disclosed separately .

Because the Government has been entrusted with , and made accountable for , these resources and responsibilities , they should be recognized in the financial reports of the Federal Government and of its component entities .
because the government has been entrusted with , and made accountable for , these resources and responsibilities , they should be recognized in the financial reports of the federal government and of its [part] entities .

Because the Government has been entrusted with and made accountable for these resources , they should be reported in the financial reports of the Government and of its component entities .
because the government has been entrusted with and made accountable for these resources , they should be reported in the financial reports of the government and of its [part] entities .

This standard requires that the consolidated financial reports12 of the Federal Government and the financial reports12 of its component units contain RSSI relating to :
this standard requires that the consolidated financial reports12 of the federal government and the financial reports12 of its [part] units contain rssi relating to :

CHAPTER 2 : HERITAGE ASSETS Heritage Assets Heritage assets shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the component units of the Federal Government responsible for such assets .
chapter 2 : heritage assets heritage assets heritage assets shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and the [part] units of the federal government responsible for such assets .

CHAPTER 3 : FEDERAL MISSION PP & E Federal Mission Property , Plant , and Equipment Federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the component units of the Federal Government responsible for such PP & E .
chapter 3 : federal mission pp & e federal mission property , plant , and equipment federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and the [part] units of the federal government responsible for such pp & e .

Weapons systems are a combination of one or more weapons18 with all related equipment , materials , services , personnel , and means of delivery and deployment required for self-sufficiency.19 This standard addresses only the PP & E component of weapons systems .
weapons systems are a combination of one or more weapons18 with all related equipment , materials , services , personnel , and means of delivery and deployment required for self-sufficiency.19 this standard addresses only the pp & e [part] of weapons systems .

CHAPTER 4 : STEWARDSHIP LAND Stewardship Land Land not acquired for or in connection with22 items of general PP & E , that is , stewardship land , shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the separate reports of component units of the Federal Government responsible for such land .
chapter 4 : stewardship land stewardship land land not acquired for or in connection with22 items of general pp & e , that is , stewardship land , shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and the separate reports of [part] units of the federal government responsible for such land .

CHAPTER 5 : NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY STANDARD Nonfederal Physical Property Expenses included in calculating net cost for nonfederal physical property programs shall be reported as investments in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the separate reports of component units of the Federal Government responsible for such investments .
chapter 5 : nonfederal physical property standard nonfederal physical property expenses included in calculating net cost for nonfederal physical property programs shall be reported as investments in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and the separate reports of [part] units of the federal government responsible for such investments .

CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL Human Capital Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 6 : human capital human capital expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its [part] units .

CHAPTER 7 : RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT Research and Development Expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 7 : research & development research and development expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its [part] units .

The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units .
the data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the federal government but not in individual reports of its [part] units .

Accordingly , the effective date of this statement will be for fiscal years beginning after September 30 , 1997 as it relates to financial statements of component units of the Federal Government ; this same effective date applies to chapter 8 as it relates to the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government .
accordingly , the effective date of this statement will be for fiscal years beginning after september 30 , 1997 as it relates to financial statements of [part] units of the federal government ; this same effective date applies to chapter 8 as it relates to the consolidated financial statements of the federal government .

The number of patents emerging from the program is also increasing , primarily from the development component of the program .
the number of patents emerging from the program is also increasing , primarily from the development [part] of the program .

The development component provides grants to private firms to develop improved manufacturing procedures for ceramic materials-based products and to accelerate the development of marketable products incorporating advanced ceramic materials .
the development [part] provides grants to private firms to develop improved manufacturing procedures for ceramic materials-based products and to accelerate the development of marketable products incorporating advanced ceramic materials .

END USER -Any component of a reporting entity that obtains goods for direct use in its normal operations .
end user -any [part] of a reporting entity that obtains goods for direct use in its normal operations .

The component may also be a contractor .
the [part] may also be a contractor .

RESPONSIBILITY SEGMENT - A significant organizational , operational , functional , or process component which has the following characteristics : ( a ) its manager reports to the entity 's top management ; ( b ) it is responsible for carrying out a mission , performing a line of activities or services , or producing one or a group of products ; and ( c ) for financial reporting and cost management purposes , its resources and results of operations can be clearly distinguished , physically and operationally , from those of other segments of the entity .
responsibility segment - a significant organizational , operational , functional , or process [part] which has the following characteristics : ( a ) its manager reports to the entity 's top management ; ( b ) it is responsible for carrying out a mission , performing a line of activities or services , or producing one or a group of products ; and ( c ) for financial reporting and cost management purposes , its resources and results of operations can be clearly distinguished , physically and operationally , from those of other segments of the entity .

In fact , the program knew that a major redesign of a critical component was needed .
in fact , the program knew that a major redesign of a critical [part] was needed .

If the product is a variant of an existing product , companies often used modeling and simulation or prototypes at the component or subsystem level to demonstrate the new product 's design .
if the product is a variant of an existing product , companies often used modeling and simulation or prototypes at the [part] or subsystem level to demonstrate the new product 's design .

Each company had a design review process that began at the component level , continued through the subsystem level , and culminated with a critical design review of the integrated system to determine if the product was ready to progress to the next phase of development .
each company had a design review process that began at the [part] level , continued through the subsystem level , and culminated with a critical design review of the integrated system to determine if the product was ready to progress to the next phase of development .

Before Caterpillar starts making parts , it estimates the product 's reliability in its current stage of development based on knowledge captured from failure modes and effects analysis,6 component prototype testing , and past product experience .
before caterpillar starts making parts , it estimates the product 's reliability in its current stage of development based on knowledge captured from failure modes and effects analysis,6 [part] prototype testing , and past product experience .

The Navy used early versions of the F/A-18 aircraft to demonstrate new component designs and new materials .
the navy used early versions of the f/a-18 aircraft to demonstrate new [part] designs and new materials .

Auditors should consider the significance of a program or program component and the potential use that will be made of the audit results or report as they plan a performance audit .
auditors should consider the significance of a program or program [part] and the potential use that will be made of the audit results or report as they plan a performance audit .

As a result , security was seen as an important component in improving business operations by creating opportunities to use information technology in ways that would not otherwise be feasible .
as a result , security was seen as an important [part] in improving business operations by creating opportunities to use information technology in ways that would not otherwise be feasible .

As I will discuss later in this testimony , GAO 's flexibility to engage in this important component of our work has been increasingly constrained by other demands on our resources .
as i will discuss later in this testimony , gao 's flexibility to engage in this important [part] of our work has been increasingly constrained by other demands on our resources .

Our realignment is a critical component in improving our communications and outreach with the Congress and ensuring that we continue to maintain and foster ways to help the Congress meet its responsibilities .
our realignment is a critical [part] in improving our communications and outreach with the congress and ensuring that we continue to maintain and foster ways to help the congress meet its responsibilities .

This change in the composition of our work has left GAO less flexibility to pursue R & D work-a component of our services to Congress that we believe is vital to ensuring that we can help Congress recognize important and emerging issues before they reach a crisis stage .
this change in the composition of our work has left gao less flexibility to pursue r & d work-a [part] of our services to congress that we believe is vital to ensuring that we can help congress recognize important and emerging issues before they reach a crisis stage .

When a service member is on temporary assignment to another component of the armed services or to a civilian agency , the entity to which the service member is detailed must provide time and attendance recording for the service member and report the information to his or her home component promptly to facilitate payment of basic pay and allowances by ( or through ) the home component .
when a service member is on temporary assignment to another [part] of the armed services or to a civilian agency , the entity to which the service member is detailed must provide time and attendance recording for the service member and report the information to his or her home [part] promptly to facilitate payment of basic pay and allowances by ( or through ) the home [part] .

Internal Control Is a Continuous Built-in Component of Operations Internal control is not one event , but a series of actions and activities that occur throughout an entity 's operations and on an ongoing basis .
internal control is a continuous built-in [part] of operations internal control is not one event , but a series of actions and activities that occur throughout an entity 's operations and on an ongoing basis .

The FDA , in drafting the rule to ease the burden on small entities , has not applied the design requirements to all Class I devices and component suppliers have been removed from the rule 's coverage .
the fda , in drafting the rule to ease the burden on small entities , has not applied the design requirements to all class i devices and [part] suppliers have been removed from the rule 's coverage .

FIPS PUB 158-The User Interface Component of the Applications Portability Profile , May 29 , 1990 .
fips pub 158-the user interface [part] of the applications portability profile , may 29 , 1990 .

The degree to which a system or component isAvailability operational and accessible when required for use , often expressed as a probability .
the degree to which a system or [part] isavailability operational and accessible when required for use , often expressed as a probability .

Capability Validation The technical verification of the ability of a proposed system configuration , replacement component , or the features or functions of its software , to satisfy functional requirements .
capability validation the technical verification of the ability of a proposed system configuration , replacement [part] , or the features or functions of its software , to satisfy functional requirements .

Functional Requirement or system component must be able to perform .
functional requirement or system [part] must be able to perform .

Performance system configuration or replacement component to Validation handle agency-specific work-load volumes ( present and expected ) within agency-determined performance time constraints .
performance system configuration or replacement [part] to validation handle agency-specific work-load volumes ( present and expected ) within agency-determined performance time constraints .

The ability of a system or component to perform itsReliability required functions under stated conditions for a stated period of time .
the ability of a system or [part] to perform itsreliability required functions under stated conditions for a stated period of time .

The Commission notes that there are 100-150 manufacturers of various component devices but does not indicate what the ratio of large to small business might be in this mix .
the commission notes that there are 100-150 manufacturers of various [part] devices but does not indicate what the ratio of large to small business might be in this mix .

In some instances , only one component of a case study may be analyzed in this way .
in some instances , only one [part] of a case study may be analyzed in this way .

How Has U.S. National Saving Changed Over Time-Both47 Overview Overall and by Component ? 49 Q2.3 .
how has u.s. national saving changed over time-both47 overview overall and by [part] ? 49 q2.3 .

NIPA personal income includes pension contributions by employers in the year income is earned , and benefits paid at retirement are not a component of NIPA income .
nipa personal income includes pension contributions by employers in the year income is earned , and benefits paid at retirement are not a [part] of nipa income .

These HI projections do not reflect the growing cost of the Part B Supplementary Medical Insurance ( SMI ) component of Medicare , which covers outpatient services and is financed through general revenues and beneficiary premiums .
these hi projections do not reflect the growing cost of the part b supplementary medical insurance ( smi ) [part] of medicare , which covers outpatient services and is financed through general revenues and beneficiary premiums .

How Has U.S. National Saving Changed Over Time- Both Overall and by Component ?
how has u.s. national saving changed over time- both overall and by [part] ?

Indeed , recent economic research suggests that investment in information technology explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity growth-a major component of overall economic growth-since 1995.8 From 1995 to 2000 , labor productivity growth averaged 2.8 percent per year compared to 1.6 percent from 1970 to 1995 and 2.9 percent during the 1960s.9 7Fixed Reproducible Tangible Wealth in the United States , 1925-94 , Bureau of Economic Analysis ( August 1999 ) , p. M-29 .
indeed , recent economic research suggests that investment in information technology explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity growth-a major [part] of overall economic growth-since 1995.8 from 1995 to 2000 , labor productivity growth averaged 2.8 percent per year compared to 1.6 percent from 1970 to 1995 and 2.9 percent during the 1960s.9 7fixed reproducible tangible wealth in the united states , 1925-94 , bureau of economic analysis ( august 1999 ) , p. m-29 .

However , in recent years , as figure 4.1 illustrates , private saving-which is the major component of nonfederal saving-declined as federal saving rose-which is consistent with the Ricardian equivalence hypothesis .
however , in recent years , as figure 4.1 illustrates , private saving-which is the major [part] of nonfederal saving-declined as federal saving rose-which is consistent with the ricardian equivalence hypothesis .

Some have argued that the budget may actually favor short-term consumption because the cost of both must be scored up-front as part of the Budget Enforcement Act process even though most of the benefits from investment programs accrue in the future.24 In the past , GAO has suggested that the budget could better facilitate policymakers ' weighing choices between federal investment and consumption by incorporating an investment component with agreed-upon levels of investment spending .
some have argued that the budget may actually favor short-term consumption because the cost of both must be scored up-front as part of the budget enforcement act process even though most of the benefits from investment programs accrue in the future.24 in the past , gao has suggested that the budget could better facilitate policymakers ' weighing choices between federal investment and consumption by incorporating an investment [part] with agreed-upon levels of investment spending .

Page 114 GAO-01-591SP National Saving These estimates do not reflect the growing cost of the SMI component , which accounts for somewhat more than 40 percent of Medicare spending .
page 114 gao-01-591sp national saving these estimates do not reflect the growing cost of the smi [part] , which accounts for somewhat more than 40 percent of medicare spending .

We also examined income sources and amounts for those aged 65 and older using the Social Security Administration 's Income of the Population , 55 or Older , 1998.4 We also used NIPA data to describe historical trends in ( 1 ) U.S. national saving by component , ( 2 ) domestic and foreign investment in the United States , and ( 3 ) the U.S. net international investment position .
we also examined income sources and amounts for those aged 65 and older using the social security administration 's income of the population , 55 or older , 1998.4 we also used nipa data to describe historical trends in ( 1 ) u.s. national saving by [part] , ( 2 ) domestic and foreign investment in the united states , and ( 3 ) the u.s. net international investment position .

Budget Issues : Incorporating an Investment Component in the Federal Budget ( GAO/AIMD-94-40 , November 9 , 1993 ) .
budget issues : incorporating an investment [part] in the federal budget ( gao/aimd-94-40 , november 9 , 1993 ) .

Court referred mediation is available after litigation is filed , and often has a cost-sharing component .
court referred mediation is available after litigation is filed , and often has a cost-sharing [part] .

Closed case statistics form a major component of the program activity data collected by LSC , and are a critical measure of the impact of federal funding on the legal problems of people living in poverty .
closed case statistics form a major [part] of the program activity data collected by lsc , and are a critical measure of the impact of federal funding on the legal problems of people living in poverty .

Intake as a Critical Component of Quality Review Visits Intake systems are examined during our on-site program quality visits .
intake as a critical [part] of quality review visits intake systems are examined during our on-site program quality visits .

We also show how the advocate component of statewide websites promotes effective representation by sharing legal resources and expertise - generally a function of legal work supervisors .
we also show how the advocate [part] of statewide websites promotes effective representation by sharing legal resources and expertise - generally a function of legal work supervisors .

The advocate component of the website allows individual lawyers easy access to pro bono and legal services organizations and the support and training needed to represent clients effectively .
the advocate [part] of the website allows individual lawyers easy access to pro bono and legal services organizations and the support and training needed to represent clients effectively .

The advocate component of the website is organized geographically ( generally by state or city ) , by local practice areas and by national practice areas .
the advocate [part] of the website is organized geographically ( generally by state or city ) , by local practice areas and by national practice areas .

Regional efforts will be a critical component of the Foundation 's tri-annual on-site peer review of each program .
regional efforts will be a critical [part] of the foundation 's tri-annual on-site peer review of each program .

MLAN includes four component programs :
mlan includes four [part] programs :

To assure each component of the system operates with the highest quality and is integrated , the Coalition , with technical assistance support from LSC , is developing a statewide peer review system .
to assure each [part] of the system operates with the highest quality and is integrated , the coalition , with technical assistance support from lsc , is developing a statewide peer review system .

A key component of the plan was the decision was to reduce the 14 LSC-funded programs in the state to seven regional delivery systems .
a key [part] of the plan was the decision was to reduce the 14 lsc-funded programs in the state to seven regional delivery systems .

Planners also identified the development of an integrated and coordinated statewide intake process as an essential component of an effective delivery system for the state .
planners also identified the development of an integrated and coordinated statewide intake process as an essential [part] of an effective delivery system for the state .

The data system seems to have been well accepted by field programs ; The system includes a narrative component as well as statistical reporting , providing the Corporation with a strong capacity for describing the character as well as the volume of services and delivery models in use .
the data system seems to have been well accepted by field programs ; the system includes a narrative [part] as well as statistical reporting , providing the corporation with a strong capacity for describing the character as well as the volume of services and delivery models in use .

While LSC will continue to utilize a variety of approaches , LSC views service area configuration as a key structural component of a comprehensive set of strategies employed to promote the creation and sustainability of comprehensive , integrated state civil equal justice communities .
while lsc will continue to utilize a variety of approaches , lsc views service area configuration as a key structural [part] of a comprehensive set of strategies employed to promote the creation and sustainability of comprehensive , integrated state civil equal justice communities .

CVs were calculated based on the within-laboratory component of variability , the between-laboratory component of variability , and total interlaboratory variability ( including both within-laboratory and between-laboratory components ) .
cvs were calculated based on the within-laboratory [part] of variability , the between-laboratory [part] of variability , and total interlaboratory variability ( including both within-laboratory and between-laboratory components ) .

The within-laboratory ( intralaboratory ) component of variability for duplicate samples tested at the same time in the same laboratory .
the within-laboratory ( intralaboratory ) [part] of variability for duplicate samples tested at the same time in the same laboratory .

The between-laboratory component of variability for duplicate samples tested at different laboratories .
the between-laboratory [part] of variability for duplicate samples tested at different laboratories .

In short , the Administration supports a clean coal policy as a critical component of our nation 's energy and environmental policies , recognizing that other sources of energy also have a critical role to play .
in short , the administration supports a clean coal policy as a critical [part] of our nation 's energy and environmental policies , recognizing that other sources of energy also have a critical role to play .

Steel is the major hardware component for FGD systems and is used primarily for the absorber , ductwork , and supports .
steel is the major hardware [part] for fgd systems and is used primarily for the absorber , ductwork , and supports .

Component modularization and prefabrication off-site can reduce the amount of time cranes are needed on a site , as well as provide opportunities to reduce project schedules and construction costs and to concentrate jobs locally at the prefabrication facility .
[part] modularization and prefabrication off-site can reduce the amount of time cranes are needed on a site , as well as provide opportunities to reduce project schedules and construction costs and to concentrate jobs locally at the prefabrication facility .

Similarly , available supplies of piping , nozzles , pumps , soot blowers , fans , and other related standard component necessary for SCR , FGD or ACI installations are not expected to present constraints on the ability of facilities to install the technology .
similarly , available supplies of piping , nozzles , pumps , soot blowers , fans , and other related standard [part] necessary for scr , fgd or aci installations are not expected to present constraints on the ability of facilities to install the technology .

Steel is the major hardware component for FGD systems .
steel is the major hardware [part] for fgd systems .

By far , the largest component of these monetized benefits is related to premature mortality from long-term exposure to particulate matter ( $ 41 billion and $ 89 billion in 2010 and 2020 , respectively ) , followed by chronic bronchitis ( $ 1.5 billion and $ 3.2 billion in 2010 and 2020 , respectively ) .
by far , the largest [part] of these monetized benefits is related to premature mortality from long-term exposure to particulate matter ( $ 41 billion and $ 89 billion in 2010 and 2020 , respectively ) , followed by chronic bronchitis ( $ 1.5 billion and $ 3.2 billion in 2010 and 2020 , respectively ) .

The REMSAD modeling domain selected for the Clear Skies Act consists of 36 km x 36 km grid cells covering the 48-contiguous United States , and REMSAD can perform a full-year simulation , generating predictions of hourly PM concentrations ( including both PM2.5 component species and PM10 ) at each grid cell .
the remsad modeling domain selected for the clear skies act consists of 36 km x 36 km grid cells covering the 48-contiguous united states , and remsad can perform a full-year simulation , generating predictions of hourly pm concentrations ( including both pm2.5 [part] species and pm10 ) at each grid cell .

This is because mail-processing costs are almost all variable while delivery costs have a very large fixed component .
this is because mail-processing costs are almost all variable while delivery costs have a very large fixed [part] .

AC = TC / ( Q * P ) where : TC = DC + NDC DC = ( Vd / Q0 ) Q + Fd NDC = ( Vnd / Q0 ) Q + [ ( Ev Fnd ) / Q0 ] Q + ( 1 - Ev ) Fnd The functions can be combined and expressed as : TC = { [ V + ( Ev Fnd ) ] / Q0 } Q + Fd + ( 1 - Ev ) Fnd The terms are defined as : AC = Average Unit Cost d = Subscript that indicates delivery component of a cost or volume DC = Total Delivery Cost Ev = Long-run variability of non-delivery institutional ( fixed ) costs .
ac = tc / ( q * p ) where : tc = dc + ndc dc = ( vd / q0 ) q + fd ndc = ( vnd / q0 ) q + [ ( ev fnd ) / q0 ] q + ( 1 - ev ) fnd the functions can be combined and expressed as : tc = { [ v + ( ev fnd ) ] / q0 } q + fd + ( 1 - ev ) fnd the terms are defined as : ac = average unit cost d = subscript that indicates delivery [part] of a cost or volume dc = total delivery cost ev = long-run variability of non-delivery institutional ( fixed ) costs .

F = USPS Fixed Cost for FY 1999 nd = Subscript that indicates non-delivery component of a cost or volume NDC = Total Non-Delivery Cost P = 1999 U.S. Population Q = Quantity ( Volume ) per capita Q0 = USPS Volume per capita for FY 1999 TC = Total Cost V = USPS Variable Cost for FY 1999 Adjustments for differences between the USPS and Poste Italiane Significant differences in the composition of mail and labor costs exist between USPS and Poste Italiane .
f = usps fixed cost for fy 1999 nd = subscript that indicates non-delivery [part] of a cost or volume ndc = total non-delivery cost p = 1999 u.s. population q = quantity ( volume ) per capita q0 = usps volume per capita for fy 1999 tc = total cost v = usps variable cost for fy 1999 adjustments for differences between the usps and poste italiane significant differences in the composition of mail and labor costs exist between usps and poste italiane .

Route time cost , which is a fixed cost and the largest component of street delivery costs , decreases with a rise in volume .
route time cost , which is a fixed cost and the largest [part] of street delivery costs , decreases with a rise in volume .

Fifth , some parties take the Efficient Component Pricing ( ECP ) rule as one that should be applied wherever opportunity presents itself .
fifth , some parties take the efficient [part] pricing ( ecp ) rule as one that should be applied wherever opportunity presents itself .

Note that since the discount is equal to the savings experienced at the margin as additional pieces become workshared , the base ( 1996 ) position becomes the efficient component pricing ( ECP ) position .
note that since the discount is equal to the savings experienced at the margin as additional pieces become workshared , the base ( 1996 ) position becomes the efficient [part] pricing ( ecp ) position .

In addition to those from the Department of Defense , other elements in the intelligence community include the national security parts of the FBI ; the Bureau of Intelligence and Research in the State Department ; the intelligence component of the Treasury Department ; the Energy Department 's Office of Intelligence and Counterintelligence , the former of which , through leveraging the expertise of the national laboratory system , has special competence in nuclear weapons ; the Office of Intelligence of the Coast Guard ; and , today , the Directorate of Intelligence Analysis and Infrastructure Protection in the Department of Homeland Security .
in addition to those from the department of defense , other elements in the intelligence community include the national security parts of the fbi ; the bureau of intelligence and research in the state department ; the intelligence [part] of the treasury department ; the energy department 's office of intelligence and counterintelligence , the former of which , through leveraging the expertise of the national laboratory system , has special competence in nuclear weapons ; the office of intelligence of the coast guard ; and , today , the directorate of intelligence analysis and infrastructure protection in the department of homeland security .

AND IN THE WHITE HOUSE Because coping with terrorism was not ( and is not ) the sole province of any component of the U.S. government , some coordinating mechanism is necessary .
and in the white house because coping with terrorism was not ( and is not ) the sole province of any [part] of the u.s. government , some coordinating mechanism is necessary .

The military component of Clarke 's plan was its most fully articulated element .
the military [part] of clarke 's plan was its most fully articulated element .

No one component holds all the relevant information .
no one [part] holds all the relevant information .

The DCI has even less influence over the head of the FBI 's national security component , who is appointed by the attorney general in consultation with the DCI .
the dci has even less influence over the head of the fbi 's national security [part] , who is appointed by the attorney general in consultation with the dci .

Second , the National Intelligence Director should manage the national intelligence program and oversee the component agencies of the intelligence community .
second , the national intelligence director should manage the national intelligence program and oversee the [part] agencies of the intelligence community .

The National Intelligence Director would manage this national effort with the help of three deputies , each of whom would also hold a key position in one of the component agencies .
the national intelligence director would manage this national effort with the help of three deputies , each of whom would also hold a key position in one of the [part] agencies .

Recommendation : Finally , to combat the secrecy and complexity we have described , the overall amounts of money being appropriated for national intelligence and to its component agencies should no longer be kept secret .
recommendation : finally , to combat the secrecy and complexity we have described , the overall amounts of money being appropriated for national intelligence and to its [part] agencies should no longer be kept secret .

The directorate has not yet developed the capacity to perform one of its assigned jobs , which is to assimilate and analyze information from Homeland Security 's own component agencies , such as the Coast Guard , Secret Service , Transportation Security Administration , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and Customs and Border Protection .
the directorate has not yet developed the capacity to perform one of its assigned jobs , which is to assimilate and analyze information from homeland security 's own [part] agencies , such as the coast guard , secret service , transportation security administration , immigration and customs enforcement , and customs and border protection .

The military component remained unclear .
the military [part] remained unclear .

This organization 's structure included as its operating arms an intelligence component , a military committee , a financial committee , a political committee , and a committee in charge of media affairs and propaganda .
this organization 's structure included as its operating arms an intelligence [part] , a military committee , a financial committee , a political committee , and a committee in charge of media affairs and propaganda .

In the mid 1990s , the United States Agency for International Development was investing more than $ 2 billion a year in 105 conservation projects with an ecotourism component .
in the mid 1990s , the united states agency for international development was investing more than $ 2 billion a year in 105 conservation projects with an ecotourism [part] .

ROCK1 has recently been implicated in modifying the site of substrate cleavage by APP γ-secretase [ 28 ] , perhaps acting via ROCK1-dependent phosphorylation of a component of the γ-secretase enzyme complex .
rock1 has recently been implicated in modifying the site of substrate cleavage by app γ-secretase [ 28 ] , perhaps acting via rock1-dependent phosphorylation of a [part] of the γ-secretase enzyme complex .

Ligand binding activates the kinase , resulting in autophosphorylation and initiation of a series of phosphotransfer reactions that culminates with the activation of a response regulator protein that functions as the effector component of the pathway .
ligand binding activates the kinase , resulting in autophosphorylation and initiation of a series of phosphotransfer reactions that culminates with the activation of a response regulator protein that functions as the effector [part] of the pathway .

Jun Ma and colleagues analyzed data from the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey and the outpatient department component of the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey to identify changes in treatment from 1993 to 2002 , and to identify current clinical practice .
jun ma and colleagues analyzed data from the national ambulatory medical care survey and the outpatient department [part] of the national hospital ambulatory medical care survey to identify changes in treatment from 1993 to 2002 , and to identify current clinical practice .

Another component to the oxidative stress response is the reduction of oxidized thiols that arises through one of the mechanisms described below .
another [part] to the oxidative stress response is the reduction of oxidized thiols that arises through one of the mechanisms described below .

A high proportion of dementia patients are thought to have a vascular component to their dementia , and it has been assumed that dementia incidence could be reduced if vascular risk were better controlled .
a high proportion of dementia patients are thought to have a vascular [part] to their dementia , and it has been assumed that dementia incidence could be reduced if vascular risk were better controlled .

Most scientists involved in the debate agree that MPAs should be one component in an overall management scheme , but worry that until the crucial element of fishing effort is resolved , MPAs may just displace the vast industrial fleets .
most scientists involved in the debate agree that mpas should be one [part] in an overall management scheme , but worry that until the crucial element of fishing effort is resolved , mpas may just displace the vast industrial fleets .

The mechanism behind the high degree of resistance conferred by HbAS in severe and complicated malaria is still unknown , but recent observations have suggested the mechanism might involve an immune component .
the mechanism behind the high degree of resistance conferred by hbas in severe and complicated malaria is still unknown , but recent observations have suggested the mechanism might involve an immune [part] .

In this month 's PLoS Medicine , Thomas Williams and colleagues reason that the best way to test whether malaria protection by HbAS has a significant immune component is to see whether protection varies with age .
in this month 's plos medicine , thomas williams and colleagues reason that the best way to test whether malaria protection by hbas has a significant immune [part] is to see whether protection varies with age .

The weather component models moisture input and output in fuels generically classed as fine , moderate , and heavy .
the weather [part] models moisture input and output in fuels generically classed as fine , moderate , and heavy .

Related to this , α-synuclein is a major protein component of Lewy bodies .
related to this , α-synuclein is a major protein [part] of lewy bodies .

The Crisis of Human Resources The theme of this year 's International AIDS Conference in Bangkok was “ Access for All. ” Over the past few years , it has become increasingly apparent that a critical component of assuring access to care and treatment is human capital .
the crisis of human resources the theme of this year 's international aids conference in bangkok was “ access for all. ” over the past few years , it has become increasingly apparent that a critical [part] of assuring access to care and treatment is human capital .

Of course , there is another letter that we need to stress : the letter “ R , ” for responsibility : personal sexual responsibility is a critical component of HIV prevention .
of course , there is another letter that we need to stress : the letter “ r , ” for responsibility : personal sexual responsibility is a critical [part] of hiv prevention .

Still cited widely today , this paper deals with the basic question of how the cochlea works to analyse sound into its component frequencies .
still cited widely today , this paper deals with the basic question of how the cochlea works to analyse sound into its [part] frequencies .

Indeed , while an athlete 's muscle fiber type is an important morphological component and is related to several contractile and metabolic properties ( see Table 1 ) , other physiological factors ( e.g. , VO 2max , maximal cardiac output , and speed/power output at the lactate threshold ) are more likely to determine the upper limits of endurance capacity ( Coyle 1995 ; Hawley and Stepto 2001 ) .
indeed , while an athlete 's muscle fiber type is an important morphological [part] and is related to several contractile and metabolic properties ( see table 1 ) , other physiological factors ( e.g. , vo 2max , maximal cardiac output , and speed/power output at the lactate threshold ) are more likely to determine the upper limits of endurance capacity ( coyle 1995 ; hawley and stepto 2001 ) .

While studies in animals [ 22 ] and humans [ 23 ] have failed to find a protective effect of antibodies to CWPS or its components , a recent study showed that passive transfer of human IgG against phosphorylcholine , a component of CWPS , could protect mice against invasive pneumococcal infections [ 24 ] .
while studies in animals [ 22 ] and humans [ 23 ] have failed to find a protective effect of antibodies to cwps or its components , a recent study showed that passive transfer of human igg against phosphorylcholine , a [part] of cwps , could protect mice against invasive pneumococcal infections [ 24 ] .

Furthermore , inflammation is increasingly recognized as a major component and predictor of atherosclerotic vascular disease , a major clinical consequence of insulin resistance [ 10 ] .
furthermore , inflammation is increasingly recognized as a major [part] and predictor of atherosclerotic vascular disease , a major clinical consequence of insulin resistance [ 10 ] .

As Kinnamon succinctly puts it , ‘ Can you imagine eating potato chips and not having the salty component ? ’ An artificial salt receptor ligand could make salt-free foods a palatable option for people with high blood pressure .
as kinnamon succinctly puts it , ‘ can you imagine eating potato chips and not having the salty [part] ? ’ an artificial salt receptor ligand could make salt-free foods a palatable option for people with high blood pressure .

In this model , type II collagen , a joint component , is injected also with immunostimulants , most commonly into mice from the DBA/1 strain .
in this model , type ii collagen , a joint [part] , is injected also with immunostimulants , most commonly into mice from the dba/1 strain .

In this issue of PLoS Biology , Marina Botto and her colleagues have tested this hypothesis by taking one of their knockout models for SLE , the serum amyloid P component deficient mouse ( Apcs −/− ) ( Bygrave et al .
in this issue of plos biology , marina botto and her colleagues have tested this hypothesis by taking one of their knockout models for sle , the serum amyloid p [part] deficient mouse ( apcs −/− ) ( bygrave et al .

Serum amyloid P component binds to debris generated from dying cells .
serum amyloid p [part] binds to debris generated from dying cells .

In particular , it appears that the magnitude of the genetic component of Alzheimer disease risk is similar across ethnic communities , but that different genetic factors may contribute differently to that risk in white , Latino , and African American families [ 5 ] .
in particular , it appears that the magnitude of the genetic [part] of alzheimer disease risk is similar across ethnic communities , but that different genetic factors may contribute differently to that risk in white , latino , and african american families [ 5 ] .

Food also has a spiritual component .
food also has a spiritual [part] .

The Scc1/Mcd1 component of the cohesin complex is cleaved by a separase ( Esp1 ) whose activity is held in check by a securin ( Pds1 ) until separation at the metaphase-to-anaphase transition [ 33,34 ] .
the scc1/mcd1 [part] of the cohesin complex is cleaved by a separase ( esp1 ) whose activity is held in check by a securin ( pds1 ) until separation at the metaphase-to-anaphase transition [ 33,34 ] .

The presence of affected family members suggests a hereditary component .
the presence of affected family members suggests a hereditary [part] .

The central component of PIC is the general transcription factor ( GTF ) TFIID , which contains the TATAbox- binding protein ( TBP ) and 12 to 15 TBP-associated factors ( TAFs ) .
the central [part] of pic is the general transcription factor ( gtf ) tfiid , which contains the tatabox- binding protein ( tbp ) and 12 to 15 tbp-associated factors ( tafs ) .

To keep premiums affordable , these approaches may fall short on comprehensiveness of coverage and on the affordability of the out-of-pocket component , especially for those individuals with greater health care needs .
to keep premiums affordable , these approaches may fall short on comprehensiveness of coverage and on the affordability of the out-of-pocket [part] , especially for those individuals with greater health care needs .

The metabolic theory 's third component , resources , is also something of a black box at this stage .
the metabolic theory 's third [part] , resources , is also something of a black box at this stage .

We have determined that the size of the catchment area will be a critical component in the ability to achieve treatment equity in South Africa .
we have determined that the size of the catchment area will be a critical [part] in the ability to achieve treatment equity in south africa .

Methods Data Sources Annual data from1992 through 2002 were obtained from the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey ( NAMCS ) and the outpatient department component of the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey ( NHAMCS ) .
methods data sources annual data from1992 through 2002 were obtained from the national ambulatory medical care survey ( namcs ) and the outpatient department [part] of the national hospital ambulatory medical care survey ( nhamcs ) .

In a 2D crystal , each DX molecule contains four sticky ends ( A–A′ and B–B′ ) distributed on its two component duplexes .
in a 2d crystal , each dx molecule contains four sticky ends ( a–a′ and b–b′ ) distributed on its two [part] duplexes .

A major component of the campaign is to support research activities like those of Dr. Field .
a major [part] of the campaign is to support research activities like those of dr. field .

Public health dentistry is an essential component of a well-rounded dental education .
public health dentistry is an essential [part] of a well-rounded dental education .

This educational experience brings to light what an integral role the dental component plays in an individual 's overall health .
this educational experience brings to light what an integral role the dental [part] plays in an individual 's overall health .

The Indiana Historical Society is missing only one important component ... you !
the indiana historical society is missing only one important [part] ... you !

The visiting Artists Program is a critical component of the Herron curriculum , as it exposes the students to artists who are successfully supporting themselves with their art and to the most current art trends outside of Indiana .
the visiting artists program is a critical [part] of the herron curriculum , as it exposes the students to artists who are successfully supporting themselves with their art and to the most current art trends outside of indiana .

As mentioned earlier , research is another important component to the preservation of endangered species .
as mentioned earlier , research is another important [part] to the preservation of endangered species .

Young Parents Program : A key component in reduction of potential risk of child abuse , designed to decrease stress in the parent/child relationship enabling the parent to continue school attendance and achievement .
young parents program : a key [part] in reduction of potential risk of child abuse , designed to decrease stress in the parent/child relationship enabling the parent to continue school attendance and achievement .

Which brings me to another well-known critic : Aristotle , who , at the dawn of Western drama , deemed spectacle the medium 's least important component .
which brings me to another well-known critic : aristotle , who , at the dawn of western drama , deemed spectacle the medium 's least important [part] .

Corseting has stopped looking dishonorable and started looking chic again , both as a feature of recent ball gowns and wedding gowns and as a costume component that can give a modern frisson to movies set in ancient days .
corseting has stopped looking dishonorable and started looking chic again , both as a feature of recent ball gowns and wedding gowns and as a costume [part] that can give a modern frisson to movies set in ancient days .

Indeed , footage shows her strawberry-blond hair whipping around her head , her skirts hiked up , her thighs tightly gripping her Stradivarius : The ecstatic sexual component is hard to ignore .
indeed , footage shows her strawberry-blond hair whipping around her head , her skirts hiked up , her thighs tightly gripping her stradivarius : the ecstatic sexual [part] is hard to ignore .

At the same time , the principle of excluding the Jews from German society was itself widely and increasingly popular , and Hitler 's hatred of the Jews -- baleful in its threats but linked to the condoning of lawful , `` rational '' action , not the unpopular crude violence and brutality of the Party 's `` gutter '' elements -- was certainly an acceptable component of his popular image , even if it was an element `` taken on board '' rather than forming a centrally motivating factor for most Germans .
at the same time , the principle of excluding the jews from german society was itself widely and increasingly popular , and hitler 's hatred of the jews -- baleful in its threats but linked to the condoning of lawful , `` rational '' action , not the unpopular crude violence and brutality of the party 's `` gutter '' elements -- was certainly an acceptable [part] of his popular image , even if it was an element `` taken on board '' rather than forming a centrally motivating factor for most germans .

As Ian Kershaw writes in the passage cited by Finkelstein , anti-Semitism was `` an acceptable component of [ Hitler 's ] popular image . ''
as ian kershaw writes in the passage cited by finkelstein , anti-semitism was `` an acceptable [part] of [ hitler 's ] popular image . ''

Virtually all the fans with whom I have spoken over the years ( quite a friendly bunch , actually ) consider the absence of big wrecks , injuries , etc. , a key component of a good race .
virtually all the fans with whom i have spoken over the years ( quite a friendly bunch , actually ) consider the absence of big wrecks , injuries , etc. , a key [part] of a good race .

If Republicans stiff him , they may lose a crucial component of their narrow majority .
if republicans stiff him , they may lose a crucial [part] of their narrow majority .

As for the Viagra component , let 's not go there , as the kids say .
as for the viagra [part] , let 's not go there , as the kids say .

Because traveling on a cushy corporate jet , quite unlike consulting with attorneys , inevitably involves a large component of personal pleasure and comfort -- like staying in the Four Seasons instead of the Marriott .
because traveling on a cushy corporate jet , quite unlike consulting with attorneys , inevitably involves a large [part] of personal pleasure and comfort -- like staying in the four seasons instead of the marriott .

In the first half-hour , The Muse plays a little flatly , but that 's not too troubling -- artful flatness has always been a component of Brooks ' genius .
in the first half-hour , the muse plays a little flatly , but that 's not too troubling -- artful flatness has always been a [part] of brooks ' genius .

Then there 's excess salt , another component of the average diet and a bone-killer as well .
then there 's excess salt , another [part] of the average diet and a bone-killer as well .

This component of the debt could be paid off in 10-to-15 years , putting downward pressure on interest rates and freeing up capital .
this [part] of the debt could be paid off in 10-to-15 years , putting downward pressure on interest rates and freeing up capital .

Nor have I devised one for criticism , which , perhaps self-servingly , I consider to be an important component of cultural health .
nor have i devised one for criticism , which , perhaps self-servingly , i consider to be an important [part] of cultural health .

The moral component to Krugman 's argument is that we should not allow our squeamishness to prevent Third World laborers from deciding that 50 cents a day making Reeboks is better than a deadening , declining rural poverty .
the moral [part] to krugman 's argument is that we should not allow our squeamishness to prevent third world laborers from deciding that 50 cents a day making reeboks is better than a deadening , declining rural poverty .

A group of German hackers demonstrated how a malicious ActiveX component can take over your copy of Quicken and make financial transactions on your behalf .
a group of german hackers demonstrated how a malicious activex [part] can take over your copy of quicken and make financial transactions on your behalf .

This is because , `` [ o ] ver the past 50 years , identification with Israel has been a major component of Jewish identity in the Diaspora in general , and in North America in particular .
this is because , `` [ o ] ver the past 50 years , identification with israel has been a major [part] of jewish identity in the diaspora in general , and in north america in particular .

One of the marvelous things about our books is the way they organize a major metropolis and its millions of component parts into a digestible , unintimidating , navigable package .
one of the marvelous things about our books is the way they organize a major metropolis and its millions of [part] parts into a digestible , unintimidating , navigable package .

The WP points out that despite a successful interception last month , there has been no integrated test of the program 's component parts : the kill vehicles , radars , and controlling computer networks .
the wp points out that despite a successful interception last month , there has been no integrated test of the program 's [part] parts : the kill vehicles , radars , and controlling computer networks .

Steak with a peanut component , for that protein rush .
steak with a peanut [part] , for that protein rush .

His contributions in these passages are largely unobtrusive -- and in a medium without a visual component , not especially bothersome -- but the choice nevertheless seems eccentric .
his contributions in these passages are largely unobtrusive -- and in a medium without a visual [part] , not especially bothersome -- but the choice nevertheless seems eccentric .

Opposing them , behind Wagner and Liszt , were those for whom music was a lubricant for literature , art , or drama -- just one component of a synthetic artistic experience .
opposing them , behind wagner and liszt , were those for whom music was a lubricant for literature , art , or drama -- just one [part] of a synthetic artistic experience .

A crucial component of that rate of return is the interest rate on the 30-year bond , since you know you can get that without any risk at all .
a crucial [part] of that rate of return is the interest rate on the 30-year bond , since you know you can get that without any risk at all .

One describes the problem of prion strains as a `` fascinating conundrum , '' while another explains that the goal of the research project is to find out `` whether the strains differ in the properties of the scrapie form of the prion-protein ... or [ whether ] a second component is responsible for strain specificity , the obvious candidate being a nucleic acid . ''
one describes the problem of prion strains as a `` fascinating conundrum , '' while another explains that the goal of the research project is to find out `` whether the strains differ in the properties of the scrapie form of the prion-protein ... or [ whether ] a second [part] is responsible for strain specificity , the obvious candidate being a nucleic acid . ''

The Times reported : `` Law enforcement officers said it was impossible to know , for now , whether the explosion was caused by a bomb or a missile because PETN is an explosive component commonly found in both .
the times reported : `` law enforcement officers said it was impossible to know , for now , whether the explosion was caused by a bomb or a missile because petn is an explosive [part] commonly found in both .

Noting that the Chinese government has reserved the right to take `` further action , '' the generals said `` they would do their best if that 'action ' contained a military component . ''
noting that the chinese government has reserved the right to take `` further action , '' the generals said `` they would do their best if that 'action ' contained a military [part] . ''

The other component of Hollywood 's view of Washington is that politics is a species of show business .
the other [part] of hollywood 's view of washington is that politics is a species of show business .

It can refer to any product that includes some special feature or extra component .
it can refer to any product that includes some special feature or extra [part] .

I am well aware of my deplorable lack of humility , generally considered a crucial component of any sincere apologia .
i am well aware of my deplorable lack of humility , generally considered a crucial [part] of any sincere apologia .

Herrnstein and Murray , sounding like the souls of caution , write that `` half a century of work , now amounting to hundreds of empirical and theoretical studies , permits a broad conclusion that the genetic component of IQ is unlikely to be smaller than 40 per cent or higher than 80 per cent .
herrnstein and murray , sounding like the souls of caution , write that `` half a century of work , now amounting to hundreds of empirical and theoretical studies , permits a broad conclusion that the genetic [part] of iq is unlikely to be smaller than 40 per cent or higher than 80 per cent .

As James Heckman of the University of Chicago wrote in the Journal of Political Economy , `` Evidence of a genetic component to skills has no bearing on the efficacy of any social policy .
as james heckman of the university of chicago wrote in the journal of political economy , `` evidence of a genetic [part] to skills has no bearing on the efficacy of any social policy .

It 's the `` Diaspora chic '' Eric Liu described earlier in Slate : the recent tendency of American minorities to think of themselves as communities in exile , a component of the greater national obsession with finding one 's roots .
it 's the `` diaspora chic '' eric liu described earlier in slate : the recent tendency of american minorities to think of themselves as communities in exile , a [part] of the greater national obsession with finding one 's roots .

The WP says that one modification being explored to close the deal is a force with a significant Russian component , which would allow Yugoslavia 's president Slobodan Milosevic to save face because Russia has been a staunch supporter of his .
the wp says that one modification being explored to close the deal is a force with a significant russian [part] , which would allow yugoslavia 's president slobodan milosevic to save face because russia has been a staunch supporter of his .

Highlighting is a natural and favored component , as in the fondness for abbreviations , acronyms , capital letters , telescoping , emoticons , interjections , and other striking visual devices , not to mention their frequently slangy ( plunk I just put you in my killfile ) or vulgar ( RTFM Read the fucking manual ) content , as well as onomatopoeic renditions ( bang common spoken name for !
highlighting is a natural and favored [part] , as in the fondness for abbreviations , acronyms , capital letters , telescoping , emoticons , interjections , and other striking visual devices , not to mention their frequently slangy ( plunk i just put you in my killfile ) or vulgar ( rtfm read the fucking manual ) content , as well as onomatopoeic renditions ( bang common spoken name for !

Examining a graph of a simple speech component , such as the sound of a vowel , one sees a complex pattern of superimposed waves , having myriad peaks and valleys .
examining a graph of a simple speech [part] , such as the sound of a vowel , one sees a complex pattern of superimposed waves , having myriad peaks and valleys .

