The travel club is comprised of 75 fun-loving couples who have as their motto `` Go Somewhere , Anywhere , Everywhere '' .
the travel club is [formed/contained] of 75 fun-loving couples who have as their motto `` go somewhere , anywhere , everywhere '' .

The study comprised 16 male patients , ranging in age from 27 to 72 .
the study [formed/contained] 16 male patients , ranging in age from 27 to 72 .

Comprised of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections , it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit .
[formed/contained] of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections , it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit .

This vacuum formed sign is comprised of 27-in. ( or smaller ) panels formed of 0.080-in. clear butyrate sheet stock , masked and sprayed on the rear side .
this vacuum formed sign is [formed/contained] of 27-in. ( or smaller ) panels formed of 0.080-in. clear butyrate sheet stock , masked and sprayed on the rear side .

A `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension .
a `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is [formed/contained] of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension .

The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people .
the soldiers who [formed/contained] the rank and file of the civil war armies were an earthy people .

But the highroad , according to the description of its traffic , belongs to life as it is lived in unawareness of death , while the way to the churchyard belongs to some other sort of life : a suffering form , an existence wholly comprised in the awareness of death .
but the highroad , according to the description of its traffic , belongs to life as it is lived in unawareness of death , while the way to the churchyard belongs to some other sort of life : a suffering form , an existence wholly [formed/contained] in the awareness of death .

The `` orphaned poems '' mentioned in the letter to Meynell comprised a group of five sonnets , which were published in the 1913 edition of Thompson's works under the heading `` Ad Amicam '' , plus certain other completed pieces and rough drafts gathered together in one of the familiar exercise books .
the `` orphaned poems '' mentioned in the letter to meynell [formed/contained] a group of five sonnets , which were published in the 1913 edition of thompson's works under the heading `` ad amicam '' , plus certain other completed pieces and rough drafts gathered together in one of the familiar exercise books .

The articles were particularly embarrassing as Monklands comprised the constituencies of Labour 's leader , John Smith , and the shadow Scottish secretary , Tom Clarke .
the articles were particularly embarrassing as monklands [formed/contained] the constituencies of labour 's leader , john smith , and the shadow scottish secretary , tom clarke .

The larger number comprised works by European and earlier Scottish masters and included works by Bassano , Raeburn and William Blake , together with 2,000 old master drawings .
the larger number [formed/contained] works by european and earlier scottish masters and included works by bassano , raeburn and william blake , together with 2,000 old master drawings .

The rest of the match comprised penalty attempts by the two great kickers .
the rest of the match [formed/contained] penalty attempts by the two great kickers .

The rest of the match comprised penalty attempts by the two great kickers .
the rest of the match [formed/contained] penalty attempts by the two great kickers .

It has lots of similar properties to a larger computer , in so much that it has a similar , what is referred to as a central processing unit , and in some instances similar peripheral devices , but if one can imagine that for certain applications where these have been collectively gathered together in erm the ultimate setting on a single integrated circuit , then one has a microcomputer , comprised of a microprocessor , some memory and some appropriate interfacing devices to the outside world .
it has lots of similar properties to a larger computer , in so much that it has a similar , what is referred to as a central processing unit , and in some instances similar peripheral devices , but if one can imagine that for certain applications where these have been collectively gathered together in erm the ultimate setting on a single integrated circuit , then one has a microcomputer , [formed/contained] of a microprocessor , some memory and some appropriate interfacing devices to the outside world .

The exceptional costs incurred during the three months to June comprised £472m to cover 11,500 redundancies and £544m against writing down the value of assets .
the exceptional costs incurred during the three months to june [formed/contained] £472m to cover 11,500 redundancies and £544m against writing down the value of assets .

The two-wheeled carts that comprised the principal means of transporting the wounded on other French sectors proved quite useless over the pock-ridden terrain at Verdun ; the dogs used to sniff out the wounded went rabid under the shelling .
the two-wheeled carts that [formed/contained] the principal means of transporting the wounded on other french sectors proved quite useless over the pock-ridden terrain at verdun ; the dogs used to sniff out the wounded went rabid under the shelling .

The Americans that comprised it , then and later , were an odd mixture ; rich and poor , playboys and college boys , professional flyers and soldiers-of-fortune .
the americans that [formed/contained] it , then and later , were an odd mixture ; rich and poor , playboys and college boys , professional flyers and soldiers-of-fortune .

Particulates to air are comprised principally of smoke and dust particles .
particulates to air are [formed/contained] principally of smoke and dust particles .

To water : Dissolved solids are comprised predominately of salts such as sodium chloride , calcium chloride and sulphates .
to water : dissolved solids are [formed/contained] predominately of salts such as sodium chloride , calcium chloride and sulphates .

Winners of the Final at East Sussex were the team that comprised Inverness assistant Gary Lister , Peter Gelard , Jeremy Carter and Colin Thompson .
winners of the final at east sussex were the team that [formed/contained] inverness assistant gary lister , peter gelard , jeremy carter and colin thompson .

Of those 30,000 sales , a good third — up to 10,000 — comprised the basic , metal-bodied , single-cone Duolian and Triolian models .
of those 30,000 sales , a good third — up to 10,000 — [formed/contained] the basic , metal-bodied , single-cone duolian and triolian models .

Almost all of the plankton feeding fish for the aquarium are carnivorous and because their food is comprised of small live zooplankton they tend to be small also , and often shy species .
almost all of the plankton feeding fish for the aquarium are carnivorous and because their food is [formed/contained] of small live zooplankton they tend to be small also , and often shy species .

This data comprised alphabets and handwritten phrases of unsegmented form from various writers .
this data [formed/contained] alphabets and handwritten phrases of unsegmented form from various writers .

Briefing on business matters should include basic details such as normal hours of work as well as information on the structure of the work-force , including the nationalities of which it is comprised and where , if any , skill shortages exist .
briefing on business matters should include basic details such as normal hours of work as well as information on the structure of the work-force , including the nationalities of which it is [formed/contained] and where , if any , skill shortages exist .

Those remaining in the original syndicat took the view that they comprised the élite of the trade and , by protecting the élite , the syndicat would achieve the best possible image for Champagne .
those remaining in the original syndicat took the view that they [formed/contained] the élite of the trade and , by protecting the élite , the syndicat would achieve the best possible image for champagne .

Cendres-noires , the ‘ black gold ’ of the Montagne de Reims , is a Sparnacian deposit comprised almost entirely of rich black lignite , a friable carbonaceous substance which is half-way between peat and coal .
cendres-noires , the ‘ black gold ’ of the montagne de reims , is a sparnacian deposit [formed/contained] almost entirely of rich black lignite , a friable carbonaceous substance which is half-way between peat and coal .

‘ In 1346 the population of Europe comprised eighty million people , and was growing at a rapid rate .
‘ in 1346 the population of europe [formed/contained] eighty million people , and was growing at a rapid rate .

The Maori children comprised 43 % of those without full data but only 23 % of those with full data .
the maori children [formed/contained] 43 % of those without full data but only 23 % of those with full data .

The sample comprised 20 Bangladeshi and 20 Welsh working class mothers and 20 middle class mothers ( although we recognise Alam 's argument that urban versus rural origin is a more appropriate distinction within the Bangladeshi population in Britain ) .
the sample [formed/contained] 20 bangladeshi and 20 welsh working class mothers and 20 middle class mothers ( although we recognise alam 's argument that urban versus rural origin is a more appropriate distinction within the bangladeshi population in britain ) .

In fact , ‘ public notice ’ comprised for many years a small insertion in the classified advertisement section of two national daily papers and one local paper , jammed between husbands who were no longer responsible for their wives ' debts and the liquidation of bankrupt companies .
in fact , ‘ public notice ’ [formed/contained] for many years a small insertion in the classified advertisement section of two national daily papers and one local paper , jammed between husbands who were no longer responsible for their wives ' debts and the liquidation of bankrupt companies .

The resource surveys have comprised detailed mapping followed by the drilling of about 350 boreholes and 300 trial pits , augmented latterly by geophysical resistivity soundings .
the resource surveys have [formed/contained] detailed mapping followed by the drilling of about 350 boreholes and 300 trial pits , augmented latterly by geophysical resistivity soundings .

Informal carers are comprised of relatives , friends and neighbours .
informal carers are [formed/contained] of relatives , friends and neighbours .

Many of their findings and conclusions are supported in the recent study by Lewis and Meredith ( 1988 ) , in which the sample comprised both single and married women .
many of their findings and conclusions are supported in the recent study by lewis and meredith ( 1988 ) , in which the sample [formed/contained] both single and married women .

They comprised oval pits associated with shallow circular ones ; rectangular , vertical sided ones and three very large circular ones measuring 2.7 m diameter × 1.5 m deep .
they [formed/contained] oval pits associated with shallow circular ones ; rectangular , vertical sided ones and three very large circular ones measuring 2.7 m diameter × 1.5 m deep .

These societies may have comprised small political units and low population densities when compared with the more concentrated areas of consumption discussed above .
these societies may have [formed/contained] small political units and low population densities when compared with the more concentrated areas of consumption discussed above .

The evidence suggests that the female costume comprised various combinations of a number of elemental garments ; a dress , undergarment , cloak and a veil .
the evidence suggests that the female costume [formed/contained] various combinations of a number of elemental garments ; a dress , undergarment , cloak and a veil .

The door is comprised of not one but two all-glass panels .
the door is [formed/contained] of not one but two all-glass panels .

This sales information comprised :
this sales information [formed/contained] :

This information allegedly comprised a package which amounted to confidential information .
this information allegedly [formed/contained] a package which amounted to confidential information .

It was pleasant to know that that fact had been noted among the critical young gentlemen who comprised , as far as it could be done , Edwin 's set .
it was pleasant to know that that fact had been noted among the critical young gentlemen who [formed/contained] , as far as it could be done , edwin 's set .

Likewise , the triple container comprised an inner wooden ‘ coffin ' , a lead ‘ shell ’ and an outer wooden ‘ case ’ .
likewise , the triple container [formed/contained] an inner wooden ‘ coffin ' , a lead ‘ shell ’ and an outer wooden ‘ case ’ .

This ‘ fourth sort of people ’ did not own land in freehold , but comprised poor husbandmen , day labourers and copyholders , with some retailers and all artificers .
this ‘ fourth sort of people ’ did not own land in freehold , but [formed/contained] poor husbandmen , day labourers and copyholders , with some retailers and all artificers .

Louthesk and Ludburgh wapentakes formed a rather poor district ; even the most affluent resident , who was taxed on £60 a year and whose family estates were worth double , owned personal estate of only £43 , more than half of which comprised a none-too-prosperous farm ; whether he was unlucky or incompetent , no one outside the thriving little market town Louth was doing much better .
louthesk and ludburgh wapentakes formed a rather poor district ; even the most affluent resident , who was taxed on £60 a year and whose family estates were worth double , owned personal estate of only £43 , more than half of which [formed/contained] a none-too-prosperous farm ; whether he was unlucky or incompetent , no one outside the thriving little market town louth was doing much better .

Irrespective of any causal link , the additional personnel in joint assessments presumably comprised men who elsewhere would have been returned as wage earners or young and poor , but except in Kerrier , where it led to 880 native assessments comprehending as many as 1,179 individuals , it did not add greatly to the numbers of poorer men ; and if it tends to raise the true proportion to a clear quarter in a couple of hundreds , it hardly made any difference in West and Trigg .
irrespective of any causal link , the additional personnel in joint assessments presumably [formed/contained] men who elsewhere would have been returned as wage earners or young and poor , but except in kerrier , where it led to 880 native assessments comprehending as many as 1,179 individuals , it did not add greatly to the numbers of poorer men ; and if it tends to raise the true proportion to a clear quarter in a couple of hundreds , it hardly made any difference in west and trigg .

Babergh hundred and , to a lesser extent , Cosford , comprised the clothing district where conditions were fundamentally different , and towns such as Sudbury and Hadleigh were important in their own right .
babergh hundred and , to a lesser extent , cosford , [formed/contained] the clothing district where conditions were fundamentally different , and towns such as sudbury and hadleigh were important in their own right .

With barely 800 inhabitants , Little Walsingham comprised almost a quarter of the population and a clear two-fifths of the value of North Greenhoe hundred , Norfolk ( Table 2.9 ) : four men in the £100 class shared 30 per cent of the town 's wealth , and ten at £40 — £99 owned a further 35 per cent .
with barely 800 inhabitants , little walsingham [formed/contained] almost a quarter of the population and a clear two-fifths of the value of north greenhoe hundred , norfolk ( table 2.9 ) : four men in the £100 class shared 30 per cent of the town 's wealth , and ten at £40 — £99 owned a further 35 per cent .

The former , eleven in number — the Clothworkers being formed by amalgamation of the Fullers and Shearmen in 1536 — comprised most of the merchant class .
the former , eleven in number — the clothworkers being formed by amalgamation of the fullers and shearmen in 1536 — [formed/contained] most of the merchant class .

Spring 's vast fortune comprised upwards of 40 per cent of the combined assets of the Babergh clothiers .
spring 's vast fortune [formed/contained] upwards of 40 per cent of the combined assets of the babergh clothiers .

By 1524 , thirty-eight Frenchmen comprised almost a third of the taxpayers and well over half the labourers of Hartfield hundred .
by 1524 , thirty-eight frenchmen [formed/contained] almost a third of the taxpayers and well over half the labourers of hartfield hundred .

‘ Grenville 's manor belonged to Edward Grenville of Wotton Underwood , and was worth £10 to him ; in 1606 it may have comprised a house and 89 acres .
‘ grenville 's manor belonged to edward grenville of wotton underwood , and was worth £10 to him ; in 1606 it may have [formed/contained] a house and 89 acres .

For Foucault this has comprised a vigorous critique of historicism , including Marxist historicism , and its relation to the operations of knowledge and power .
for foucault this has [formed/contained] a vigorous critique of historicism , including marxist historicism , and its relation to the operations of knowledge and power .

Soil is comprised of several component parts that combine and behave together in a most remarkable way .
soil is [formed/contained] of several component parts that combine and behave together in a most remarkable way .

The Organising and Liaison Committees of the schemes are comprised of a small and identified number of solicitors .
the organising and liaison committees of the schemes are [formed/contained] of a small and identified number of solicitors .

One or the other … Hybrids comprised a whole gamut of deformities .
one or the other … hybrids [formed/contained] a whole gamut of deformities .

The Discordia suit comprised enemies and aliens and fiends .
the discordia suit [formed/contained] enemies and aliens and fiends .

Opened in 1846 this section had been early superseded and closed and in the time of Mr Mester 's childhood comprised only an overgrown formation .
opened in 1846 this section had been early superseded and closed and in the time of mr mester 's childhood [formed/contained] only an overgrown formation .

It has been found , for instance , that widowers comprised the largest proportion of late-onset elderly alcoholics .
it has been found , for instance , that widowers [formed/contained] the largest proportion of late-onset elderly alcoholics .

The £1.013m charge for the year comprised £452,000 specific and £10,000 general provision against advances secured on residential property , and £551,000 against other advances secured on land .
the £1.013m charge for the year [formed/contained] £452,000 specific and £10,000 general provision against advances secured on residential property , and £551,000 against other advances secured on land .

Such a case could have arisen if the subsidiary had comprised both ( say ) estate agency and recruitment agency businesses and all the estate agency offices were closed .
such a case could have arisen if the subsidiary had [formed/contained] both ( say ) estate agency and recruitment agency businesses and all the estate agency offices were closed .

The staff handed over comprised 11 administrative staff , 2 cash receivers , 1 depôt inspector , 6 inspectors , 4 regulators , 41 motormen , 32 conductors , 1 composite ( could drive or conduct ) and 20 workshop staff .
the staff handed over [formed/contained] 11 administrative staff , 2 cash receivers , 1 depôt inspector , 6 inspectors , 4 regulators , 41 motormen , 32 conductors , 1 composite ( could drive or conduct ) and 20 workshop staff .

It comprised a platform raised on baulks above the truck on which was mounted a rectangular water tank .
it [formed/contained] a platform raised on baulks above the truck on which was mounted a rectangular water tank .

Walking and walking until he lost track of time , he felt that this was the entire world , it was comprised of nothing else , just the infinite earth and infinite sky .
walking and walking until he lost track of time , he felt that this was the entire world , it was [formed/contained] of nothing else , just the infinite earth and infinite sky .

The audit committee , which is comprised solely of independent directors , reviews the group 's internal controls and financial results with the external auditors , agrees the scope of the auditors ' work and monitors implementation of the auditors ' recommendations .
the audit committee , which is [formed/contained] solely of independent directors , reviews the group 's internal controls and financial results with the external auditors , agrees the scope of the auditors ' work and monitors implementation of the auditors ' recommendations .

It comprised 20 professionals from SSDs , voluntary organisations , private sector , health sector and after much campaigning , a couple of users .
it [formed/contained] 20 professionals from ssds , voluntary organisations , private sector , health sector and after much campaigning , a couple of users .

Fine root cohorts were comprised of all living roots 1.5mm in diameter ( pooled across the 12 minirhizotrons ) that were produced during the intervals between sampling dates .
fine root cohorts were [formed/contained] of all living roots 1.5mm in diameter ( pooled across the 12 minirhizotrons ) that were produced during the intervals between sampling dates .

The broadsheet populars comprised a middle market — middle class and middle brow — which became steadily less distinguishable over the following decade .
the broadsheet populars [formed/contained] a middle market — middle class and middle brow — which became steadily less distinguishable over the following decade .

It comprised Giovanna Nepi Scire ( Soprintendente dei Beni Artistici e Storici in Venice ) , Ottorino Nonfarmale , a restorer working in Bologna , Terisio Pignatti ( former director of the Museo Correr in Venice ) , Professor Roger Rearick ( Maryland University ) , Francesco Valcanover ( former Soprintendente dei Beni Artistici e Storici in Venice ) and Professor Wolfgang Wolters , Technische Universität , Berlin .
it [formed/contained] giovanna nepi scire ( soprintendente dei beni artistici e storici in venice ) , ottorino nonfarmale , a restorer working in bologna , terisio pignatti ( former director of the museo correr in venice ) , professor roger rearick ( maryland university ) , francesco valcanover ( former soprintendente dei beni artistici e storici in venice ) and professor wolfgang wolters , technische universität , berlin .

The sale was to have comprised both the unpaid for items and pieces from Mr Narita 's collection , acquired at a Tajan auction in April 1990 — the Japanese businessman having proved sensitive to Tajan 's repeated pleas to make good the difference .
the sale was to have [formed/contained] both the unpaid for items and pieces from mr narita 's collection , acquired at a tajan auction in april 1990 — the japanese businessman having proved sensitive to tajan 's repeated pleas to make good the difference .

Other locomotives in steam comprised
other locomotives in steam [formed/contained]

In 1988 the then Secretary for the Arts Mrs Virginia Bottomley announced a two-stage renovation project , the first part of which comprised a detailed survey of the monument 's structural problems .
in 1988 the then secretary for the arts mrs virginia bottomley announced a two-stage renovation project , the first part of which [formed/contained] a detailed survey of the monument 's structural problems .

Airframe condition was generally very good and mechanical work comprised mainly of fabrication of a few missing panels , removal of surface corrosion and re-assembly , taking in total around 200 manhours .
airframe condition was generally very good and mechanical work [formed/contained] mainly of fabrication of a few missing panels , removal of surface corrosion and re-assembly , taking in total around 200 manhours .

The desegregation of education helped bring sports such as American football inside their reach during the 1960s and , by 1972 , black players comprised 40 per cent of the total of professional footballers , most , however , occupying ‘ positions with the fewest intellectual and leadership demands ’ ( Eitzen and Sanford , 1975 , p.959 ) .
the desegregation of education helped bring sports such as american football inside their reach during the 1960s and , by 1972 , black players [formed/contained] 40 per cent of the total of professional footballers , most , however , occupying ‘ positions with the fewest intellectual and leadership demands ’ ( eitzen and sanford , 1975 , p.959 ) .

These two armies comprised the German right wing , entrusted with the task of encircling Paris .
these two armies [formed/contained] the german right wing , entrusted with the task of encircling paris .

The army of Austria-Hungary comprised three separate forces : the Imperial and Royal force , the Royal Army of Hungary and the Imperial Army of Austria , which combined in time of war .
the army of austria-hungary [formed/contained] three separate forces : the imperial and royal force , the royal army of hungary and the imperial army of austria , which combined in time of war .

The cavalry comprised 15 regiments of Dragoons , 26 of Hussars and 29 of Uhlans .
the cavalry [formed/contained] 15 regiments of dragoons , 26 of hussars and 29 of uhlans .

The heavy armament comprised 1,000 artillery pieces , but many were obsolete or short range .
the heavy armament [formed/contained] 1,000 artillery pieces , but many were obsolete or short range .

Beatty , whose force comprised 52 ships , including four of the most powerful and sophisticated super-dreadnoughts of the day — Barham , Malaya , Valiant and Warspite — sailed from Rosyth shortly after 21.30 .
beatty , whose force [formed/contained] 52 ships , including four of the most powerful and sophisticated super-dreadnoughts of the day — barham , malaya , valiant and warspite — sailed from rosyth shortly after 21.30 .

Cradock 's force , based in the Falkland Islands , comprised two obsolescent armoured cruisers , Good Hope and Monmouth , which were heavily out-gunned by Spee 's formation ; a modern cruiser the Glasgow ; and the armed merchantman Otranto .
cradock 's force , based in the falkland islands , [formed/contained] two obsolescent armoured cruisers , good hope and monmouth , which were heavily out-gunned by spee 's formation ; a modern cruiser the glasgow ; and the armed merchantman otranto .

Each convoy comprised 40 or more merchantmen , with escort ships , mostly destroyers equipped with depth charges , stationed on either side .
each convoy [formed/contained] 40 or more merchantmen , with escort ships , mostly destroyers equipped with depth charges , stationed on either side .

Brusilov 's extensive command , which stretched from east of Kovel in the north to Czernowitz on the Romanian border , comprised four armies under generals of proven worth .
brusilov 's extensive command , which stretched from east of kovel in the north to czernowitz on the romanian border , [formed/contained] four armies under generals of proven worth .

The ‘ New Army ’ was comprised of volunteers only , who poured into recruiting stations in their thousands .
the ‘ new army ’ was [formed/contained] of volunteers only , who poured into recruiting stations in their thousands .

Just as a reminder the Mission Board is comprised of Geoff Grogan , Freda Kennedy , Jan Brooks , Lorna McLean , Barry Elder , Scott Alexander and Bill Howieson .
just as a reminder the mission board is [formed/contained] of geoff grogan , freda kennedy , jan brooks , lorna mclean , barry elder , scott alexander and bill howieson .

The Mission which comprised theatre , music and mime was launched by leading churchmen from Roman Catholic , Methodists , Anglican , Free Church , Salvation Army and Society of Friends .
the mission which [formed/contained] theatre , music and mime was launched by leading churchmen from roman catholic , methodists , anglican , free church , salvation army and society of friends .

The guild , untrammelled by the weight of conservatism , was in the vanguard of cooperative thought and action . Its platform comprised issues of direct interest and concern to women , and which were of deep political significance , as Eleanor Barton , General Secretary 1925–37 , recognised :
the guild , untrammelled by the weight of conservatism , was in the vanguard of cooperative thought and action . its platform [formed/contained] issues of direct interest and concern to women , and which were of deep political significance , as eleanor barton , general secretary 1925–37 , recognised :

Amongst the coterie of fanatical enthusiasts around Leese , the most interesting were those who comprised the ‘ literary board ’ of The Fascist .
amongst the coterie of fanatical enthusiasts around leese , the most interesting were those who [formed/contained] the ‘ literary board ’ of the fascist .

Shavante men in this ceremony act out the glorification of the essence of manhood , comprised for them of both the bellicose , destructive aspect of male power and its sexual/generative side ( ibid .
shavante men in this ceremony act out the glorification of the essence of manhood , [formed/contained] for them of both the bellicose , destructive aspect of male power and its sexual/generative side ( ibid .

In contrast to peoples who believe that their communities have existence through time through rules of corporation , the Piaroa do not understand ‘ community ’ and the relationships of which it is comprised as a political given that allows for continuity through time .
in contrast to peoples who believe that their communities have existence through time through rules of corporation , the piaroa do not understand ‘ community ’ and the relationships of which it is [formed/contained] as a political given that allows for continuity through time .

There is a strong sense of violence attached to the notion of ta'kwanya ; for this category of creative , cultural capability is comprised of poisonous forces and carries with it the idea of predation ( see Overing 1986a ) .
there is a strong sense of violence attached to the notion of ta'kwanya ; for this category of creative , cultural capability is [formed/contained] of poisonous forces and carries with it the idea of predation ( see overing 1986a ) .

If one accepts ( and not everyone does : there are some vocal Soviet opponents of the idea ) the theory of continental drift propounded by Alfred Wegener , then the present configuration of the planet derives from the break-up of a single super-continent which he called Pangea , which comprised two lesser continents called Gondwanaland and Laurasia , and a shallow marginal sea named the Tethys .
if one accepts ( and not everyone does : there are some vocal soviet opponents of the idea ) the theory of continental drift propounded by alfred wegener , then the present configuration of the planet derives from the break-up of a single super-continent which he called pangea , which [formed/contained] two lesser continents called gondwanaland and laurasia , and a shallow marginal sea named the tethys .

In the Titan he had only been a partial paladin — merely part of a vaster amplified body which also comprised Tundrish and Valence and Zed Juron and , oh yes , Akbar too .
in the titan he had only been a partial paladin — merely part of a vaster amplified body which also [formed/contained] tundrish and valence and zed juron and , oh yes , akbar too .

This , shaded the soft green of springtime , was the great growing area , where the Hundred Plantations — in reality eighty-seven — were situated ; an area which comprised some twenty-eight per cent of the total land mass of City Europe .
this , shaded the soft green of springtime , was the great growing area , where the hundred plantations — in reality eighty-seven — were situated ; an area which [formed/contained] some twenty-eight per cent of the total land mass of city europe .

Altogether , the six studies which comprised the Belfast project , five from Belfast and one from Lurgan , allowed language variation to be analysed on the following dimensions : rural versus urban ; high-status versus low-status ( relatively speaking ) ; east of the city versus west of the city .
altogether , the six studies which [formed/contained] the belfast project , five from belfast and one from lurgan , allowed language variation to be analysed on the following dimensions : rural versus urban ; high-status versus low-status ( relatively speaking ) ; east of the city versus west of the city .

The Act defined the area for which bye-laws could be made , that is , all of the Moray Firth , although much of it comprised international waters .
the act defined the area for which bye-laws could be made , that is , all of the moray firth , although much of it [formed/contained] international waters .

The method of payment comprised £10 000 in debentures ( secured by a floating charge ) , 20 000 £1 shares and the remainder in cash .
the method of payment [formed/contained] £10 000 in debentures ( secured by a floating charge ) , 20 000 £1 shares and the remainder in cash .

Rivers in this area are mainly comprised of domestic and industrial effluent , and many have been fishless in living memory .
rivers in this area are mainly [formed/contained] of domestic and industrial effluent , and many have been fishless in living memory .

’ For the water authorities in general the practical significance of consents is that many rivers are now substantially comprised of effluent already discharged subject to consent .
’ for the water authorities in general the practical significance of consents is that many rivers are now substantially [formed/contained] of effluent already discharged subject to consent .

The furniture of the room was very homely , of course — a few rough chairs and a table , a comer cupboard with their little stock of crockery and delf , a gaudy tea tray , representing a lady in bright red , walking out with a very blue parasol , a few common , coloured Scripture subjects in frames upon the wall and chimney , an old dwarf clothes-press and an eight-day clock , with a few bright saucepans and a kettle , comprised the whole .
the furniture of the room was very homely , of course — a few rough chairs and a table , a comer cupboard with their little stock of crockery and delf , a gaudy tea tray , representing a lady in bright red , walking out with a very blue parasol , a few common , coloured scripture subjects in frames upon the wall and chimney , an old dwarf clothes-press and an eight-day clock , with a few bright saucepans and a kettle , [formed/contained] the whole .

Our film stock and equipment , which comprised some nine-tenths of our travelling weight , had to be husbanded first past the Pac-Man thicket of Customs and Immigration , thence through unpredictable months in the jungles , and finally out of the country again intact and undetained .
our film stock and equipment , which [formed/contained] some nine-tenths of our travelling weight , had to be husbanded first past the pac-man thicket of customs and immigration , thence through unpredictable months in the jungles , and finally out of the country again intact and undetained .

Unfortunately not all boundaries are comprised of conductors ; some of them are dielectrics , and even worse we have to consider sometimes imperfect dielectrics that have a finite conductivity .
unfortunately not all boundaries are [formed/contained] of conductors ; some of them are dielectrics , and even worse we have to consider sometimes imperfect dielectrics that have a finite conductivity .

Apart from the Germans and White Russians ( the Schutzkorps ) who were later transferred to other camps , the main contingents at Viktring comprised units of the Slovene Home Guard ( Domobranci ) , under Gen Krenner ( approx 13,000 including camp followers ) , three regiments of Serbian Volunteers ( approx 4,000 ) plus a smaller number of Montenegrin Royalist ( Chetnik ) troops , Croats and several thousand Slovene and other civilian refugees from various parts of Yugoslavia .
apart from the germans and white russians ( the schutzkorps ) who were later transferred to other camps , the main contingents at viktring [formed/contained] units of the slovene home guard ( domobranci ) , under gen krenner ( approx 13,000 including camp followers ) , three regiments of serbian volunteers ( approx 4,000 ) plus a smaller number of montenegrin royalist ( chetnik ) troops , croats and several thousand slovene and other civilian refugees from various parts of yugoslavia .

These comprised some 70,000 people , spread out across more than 100 miles of countryside and mountainous valleys , in an area already clogged with hundreds of thousands of other prisoners , refugees and displaced persons .
these [formed/contained] some 70,000 people , spread out across more than 100 miles of countryside and mountainous valleys , in an area already clogged with hundreds of thousands of other prisoners , refugees and displaced persons .

The first consisted of religious groups ; the second comprised peasant colonists .
the first consisted of religious groups ; the second [formed/contained] peasant colonists .

The following question can now be posed . If science is based on experience , then by what means is it possible to get from the singular statements that result from observation to the universal statements that make up scientific knowledge ? How can the very general , unrestricted claims that constitute our theories be justified on the basis of limited evidence comprised of a limited number of observation statements ?
the following question can now be posed . if science is based on experience , then by what means is it possible to get from the singular statements that result from observation to the universal statements that make up scientific knowledge ? how can the very general , unrestricted claims that constitute our theories be justified on the basis of limited evidence [formed/contained] of a limited number of observation statements ?

The hard core of Newtonian physics is comprised of Newton 's laws of motion plus his law of gravitational attraction .
the hard core of newtonian physics is [formed/contained] of newton 's laws of motion plus his law of gravitational attraction .

Newby ( 1979 ) argues that in the mid-nineteenth century the majority of people living in villages relied on agriculture for a living , either directly or indirectly , so that each village comprised an ‘ occupational community ’ .
newby ( 1979 ) argues that in the mid-nineteenth century the majority of people living in villages relied on agriculture for a living , either directly or indirectly , so that each village [formed/contained] an ‘ occupational community ’ .

The report comprised 235 paragraphs and was supported by 112 pages of statements and 366 pages of documents .
the report [formed/contained] 235 paragraphs and was supported by 112 pages of statements and 366 pages of documents .

The report comprised no less than 235 paragraphs and was supported by 112 pages of statements and 366 pages of documents .
the report [formed/contained] no less than 235 paragraphs and was supported by 112 pages of statements and 366 pages of documents .

As population grew so , in parts of Castile , the farm unit became smaller and the number of strips or fields that comprised the unit minute .
as population grew so , in parts of castile , the farm unit became smaller and the number of strips or fields that [formed/contained] the unit minute .

By far the more important comprised rivers flowing down from the Kunlun Mountains in the regions of Khotan and Yarkand on the south-eastern margin of the great basin containing the Taklamakan Desert .
by far the more important [formed/contained] rivers flowing down from the kunlun mountains in the regions of khotan and yarkand on the south-eastern margin of the great basin containing the taklamakan desert .

During the two centuries before the Turkish invasions the territory of present-day Montenegro comprised the Serbian principality of Zeta .
during the two centuries before the turkish invasions the territory of present-day montenegro [formed/contained] the serbian principality of zeta .

Our study population comprised men born in one maternity hospital during 1907–24 .
our study population [formed/contained] men born in one maternity hospital during 1907–24 .

These patients were recruited from the waiting list of new patients which comprised patients who had been classified as having routine conditions by the consultant on the basis of the information in the referral letter .
these patients were recruited from the waiting list of new patients which [formed/contained] patients who had been classified as having routine conditions by the consultant on the basis of the information in the referral letter .

In 1936 the Ministry of Labour carried out a pioneer survey of private sector employers ' pension scheme membership , finding that women comprised about 20 per cent of the total membership of around 1.6 million persons .
in 1936 the ministry of labour carried out a pioneer survey of private sector employers ' pension scheme membership , finding that women [formed/contained] about 20 per cent of the total membership of around 1.6 million persons .

Pneumonia was the most common clinical diagnosis followed by bronchiolitis ; these two syndromes comprised 86 % of the diagnoses .
pneumonia was the most common clinical diagnosis followed by bronchiolitis ; these two syndromes [formed/contained] 86 % of the diagnoses .

The Comprehensive Development Area comprised a total of 5670 acres of which 424 were available for industrial development .
the comprehensive development area [formed/contained] a total of 5670 acres of which 424 were available for industrial development .

Indeed , Rex and Moore largely concentrate upon housing classes as comprised of families with a male head .
indeed , rex and moore largely concentrate upon housing classes as [formed/contained] of families with a male head .

However , households comprised of single people , and especially single women ( with or without children ) , do not value suburban housing so greatly .
however , households [formed/contained] of single people , and especially single women ( with or without children ) , do not value suburban housing so greatly .

This group is comprised , and relates within itself , as shown in Figure 5.2 .
this group is [formed/contained] , and relates within itself , as shown in figure 5.2 .

An order could , in my opinion , be sought imposing on the contravener and , in default of payment by the contravener , on the person or persons ‘ knowingly concerned ’ liability to repay to the investor the purchase price of the shares comprised in a particular investment transaction , with payment to be made against the delivery up by the investor of the share certificates and , if necessary , a signed form of transfer .
an order could , in my opinion , be sought imposing on the contravener and , in default of payment by the contravener , on the person or persons ‘ knowingly concerned ’ liability to repay to the investor the purchase price of the shares [formed/contained] in a particular investment transaction , with payment to be made against the delivery up by the investor of the share certificates and , if necessary , a signed form of transfer .

‘ All costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …
‘ all costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises [formed/contained] herein …

, claimed against the first and second defendants , Nicholas Edward O'Brien and Bridget Mary O'Brien , possession of a dwelling house comprised in a legal charge dated 3 July 1987 .
, claimed against the first and second defendants , nicholas edward o'brien and bridget mary o'brien , possession of a dwelling house [formed/contained] in a legal charge dated 3 july 1987 .

‘ In due course , the assignee underlet the premises comprised in the lease in two portions .
‘ in due course , the assignee underlet the premises [formed/contained] in the lease in two portions .

These powers are : ( i ) to make any compromise with creditors or persons claiming to be creditors ; ( ii ) to bring or defend proceedings ; ( iii ) to carry on the business of the bankrupt so far as may be necessary for the beneficial winding up of the estate ; ( iv ) to accept payment in the future on the sale of any property comprised in the estate .
these powers are : ( i ) to make any compromise with creditors or persons claiming to be creditors ; ( ii ) to bring or defend proceedings ; ( iii ) to carry on the business of the bankrupt so far as may be necessary for the beneficial winding up of the estate ; ( iv ) to accept payment in the future on the sale of any property [formed/contained] in the estate .

Its leadership was corporate , unlike that of most modern churches ; it comprised an equally unusual feature , prophets and teachers in the leadership together- and they are not always the easiest of bedfellows .
its leadership was corporate , unlike that of most modern churches ; it [formed/contained] an equally unusual feature , prophets and teachers in the leadership together- and they are not always the easiest of bedfellows .

She dug in her shoulder-bag for dark glasses and retreated behind them , staring in some awe at the magnificent medieval jumble of forts and palaces and strongholds that comprised this stretch of coastline .
she dug in her shoulder-bag for dark glasses and retreated behind them , staring in some awe at the magnificent medieval jumble of forts and palaces and strongholds that [formed/contained] this stretch of coastline .

Such a stand was also shaped by the essentially libertarian ideas of the mainstream feminist movement , which included opposition to state intervention of all kinds ( including protective legislation and the inspection of homes under the Infant Life Protection Acts ) , and by the more general movement for moral reform , which comprised an interlocking nexus of feminist , social purity , temperance , anti-vaccination , and animal welfare societies .
such a stand was also shaped by the essentially libertarian ideas of the mainstream feminist movement , which included opposition to state intervention of all kinds ( including protective legislation and the inspection of homes under the infant life protection acts ) , and by the more general movement for moral reform , which [formed/contained] an interlocking nexus of feminist , social purity , temperance , anti-vaccination , and animal welfare societies .

The problem is that this line is impossible to draw with any certainty or accuracy , because the definition of kind or type is inevitably comprised of descriptions within the statute of the situation which the tribunal has to determine .
the problem is that this line is impossible to draw with any certainty or accuracy , because the definition of kind or type is inevitably [formed/contained] of descriptions within the statute of the situation which the tribunal has to determine .

Effective power rests , for Mills , in all elite comprised of corporate chieftains ( the corporate rich and their chief executives ) ; war lords .
effective power rests , for mills , in all elite [formed/contained] of corporate chieftains ( the corporate rich and their chief executives ) ; war lords .

Aggregate demand comprised two basic elements , investment and consumption .
aggregate demand [formed/contained] two basic elements , investment and consumption .

His faith comprised curiously disparate elements — the rough , frightened , humility of the countryman ; the thoughtful worshipper ; the vigorous enquirer ; and even though not a micro-molecule of disrespect ever enters his attitude towards his Deity , his natural radical-ness stood so near at hand one can almost feel its heat .
his faith [formed/contained] curiously disparate elements — the rough , frightened , humility of the countryman ; the thoughtful worshipper ; the vigorous enquirer ; and even though not a micro-molecule of disrespect ever enters his attitude towards his deity , his natural radical-ness stood so near at hand one can almost feel its heat .

The membership comprised lords , writers , debaters , academics , men of opinion and strong mind , some bishops , dukes and gentlemen .
the membership [formed/contained] lords , writers , debaters , academics , men of opinion and strong mind , some bishops , dukes and gentlemen .

Nevertheless , by 1935 , the definitively Stalinised Comintern and its network of party faithful comprised the main organisational basis of Marxism in Latin America , and therefore provided a vital touchstone for all other sectors of the Left , which were forced to define themselves in relation to its characterisation of the Latin American revolution .
nevertheless , by 1935 , the definitively stalinised comintern and its network of party faithful [formed/contained] the main organisational basis of marxism in latin america , and therefore provided a vital touchstone for all other sectors of the left , which were forced to define themselves in relation to its characterisation of the latin american revolution .

Analysis comprised three main activities :
analysis [formed/contained] three main activities :

The Vietnam show is playing to an audience comprised of the generation that was there , and therefore much of the art/entertainment arising out of the Vietnam war seeks to explain or expiate , to purge and to apologise .
the vietnam show is playing to an audience [formed/contained] of the generation that was there , and therefore much of the art/entertainment arising out of the vietnam war seeks to explain or expiate , to purge and to apologise .

The two main event arenas comprised nearly 200 acres of ploughed and rolled fields .
the two main event arenas [formed/contained] nearly 200 acres of ploughed and rolled fields .

They comprised a handleless boat-shaped vessel with a spout used to feed infants , the elderly and invalids .
they [formed/contained] a handleless boat-shaped vessel with a spout used to feed infants , the elderly and invalids .

It comprised two main elements , professional and academic , each sub-divided .
it [formed/contained] two main elements , professional and academic , each sub-divided .

Recruitment gave us little cause for anxiety so long as the general level of recruitment remained high ( Our intake regularly comprised , in a College that offered a total of 14 academic courses , some 12 % of the total numbers , 7 % in English and 5 % in French ) .
recruitment gave us little cause for anxiety so long as the general level of recruitment remained high ( our intake regularly [formed/contained] , in a college that offered a total of 14 academic courses , some 12 % of the total numbers , 7 % in english and 5 % in french ) .

The inner ring comprised the older areas built up to around the turn of the century , which because of their high density and lack of open space required ‘ decentralizing ’ , involving 415,000 persons .
the inner ring [formed/contained] the older areas built up to around the turn of the century , which because of their high density and lack of open space required ‘ decentralizing ’ , involving 415,000 persons .

In the 1880s more Neanderthal-like remains were found , and many paleoanthropologists began to argue that they comprised a distinct species intermediate between apes and humans .
in the 1880s more neanderthal-like remains were found , and many paleoanthropologists began to argue that they [formed/contained] a distinct species intermediate between apes and humans .

His fifteen compositions originally included there comprised eleven Marian votive antiphons and four settings of the Magnificat , of which total , nine pieces survive in a state either complete or completable .
his fifteen compositions originally included there [formed/contained] eleven marian votive antiphons and four settings of the magnificat , of which total , nine pieces survive in a state either complete or completable .

Hartlepool then comprised 6,000 people , no longer a simple fishing village since dock facilities had recently brought it into the coal-export and timber-import trades ; but Jackson 's sights were set on the adjacent hamlet of Stranton , with a population of 350 .
hartlepool then [formed/contained] 6,000 people , no longer a simple fishing village since dock facilities had recently brought it into the coal-export and timber-import trades ; but jackson 's sights were set on the adjacent hamlet of stranton , with a population of 350 .

In brief , the Suttonian method comprised treatment which was almost painless and relatively mild in its effects , while the greatly decreased number of pustules lessened disfigurement .
in brief , the suttonian method [formed/contained] treatment which was almost painless and relatively mild in its effects , while the greatly decreased number of pustules lessened disfigurement .

He had rejected a British war-film , The Sea Shall Not Have Them ( And They Shall Not Have Me Either he had vowed as he passed by ) , and a jolly double bill comprised of The Return Of Frankenstein and The Monster , before turning into the Palladium as a last resort .
he had rejected a british war-film , the sea shall not have them ( and they shall not have me either he had vowed as he passed by ) , and a jolly double bill [formed/contained] of the return of frankenstein and the monster , before turning into the palladium as a last resort .

It comprised a number of jottings , recording odd thoughts about Clare early in their relationship :
it [formed/contained] a number of jottings , recording odd thoughts about clare early in their relationship :

The floating charge holder will take the company 's property subject to the rights of anyone claiming by title paramount , so that a landlord can re-enter and can distrain on chattels in the leased premises if rent is unpaid , notwithstanding that the chattels are comprised in a charge which has crystallised .
the floating charge holder will take the company 's property subject to the rights of anyone claiming by title paramount , so that a landlord can re-enter and can distrain on chattels in the leased premises if rent is unpaid , notwithstanding that the chattels are [formed/contained] in a charge which has crystallised .

For example , we can characterise the human body as a system which is comprised of a number of sub-systems .
for example , we can characterise the human body as a system which is [formed/contained] of a number of sub-systems .

Goods traffic comprised three general categories — minerals ( coal , metal ore , stone ) , livestock , and general merchandise ( everything from raw cotton and spun silk to shovels and bicycles ) .
goods traffic [formed/contained] three general categories — minerals ( coal , metal ore , stone ) , livestock , and general merchandise ( everything from raw cotton and spun silk to shovels and bicycles ) .

Much of the ‘ new academy ’ has comprised , as Bourdieu maintains , downwardly mobile bourgeois , ‘ poorly endowed with academic capital ’ , who otherwise would have been excluded from the academy .
much of the ‘ new academy ’ has [formed/contained] , as bourdieu maintains , downwardly mobile bourgeois , ‘ poorly endowed with academic capital ’ , who otherwise would have been excluded from the academy .

They comprised his journal — a fairly detailed and animated account of his life during nearly forty years up to about 1890- and his letter books , with copies of his correspondence .
they [formed/contained] his journal — a fairly detailed and animated account of his life during nearly forty years up to about 1890- and his letter books , with copies of his correspondence .

Capital expenditure in 1992 [ on an accruals basis ] comprised exploration expenditure of £141 million , and development expenditure of £385 million [ including capitalised interest of £58 million ] .
capital expenditure in 1992 [ on an accruals basis ] [formed/contained] exploration expenditure of £141 million , and development expenditure of £385 million [ including capitalised interest of £58 million ] .

The Peoples ' Charter , which comprised the fundamental principles of the movement , was approved by the Conference , the show , as they say , was on the road .
the peoples ' charter , which [formed/contained] the fundamental principles of the movement , was approved by the conference , the show , as they say , was on the road .

The expedition team , which comprised five Britons and three Colombians , spent nine weeks in the field , carrying out work at two sites on the Serrania de Naquen , a mountainous region in eastern Columbia .
the expedition team , which [formed/contained] five britons and three colombians , spent nine weeks in the field , carrying out work at two sites on the serrania de naquen , a mountainous region in eastern columbia .

In subsequent work ( Neal 1981 , 21-34 ) an indication as to other possible aids to design has been given : these could have comprised some of the contents of a pattern book ( or what might , more accurately , be called a `` manual `` ) .
in subsequent work ( neal 1981 , 21-34 ) an indication as to other possible aids to design has been given : these could have [formed/contained] some of the contents of a pattern book ( or what might , more accurately , be called a `` manual `` ) .

The German environment minister , Klaus Töpfer , has announced details of a programme to improve environmental quality in the five states which formally comprised East Germany .
the german environment minister , klaus töpfer , has announced details of a programme to improve environmental quality in the five states which formally [formed/contained] east germany .

At the start of the conference , the 18 countries which together comprised the European Community and the European Free Trade Area had agreed on this freeze as a common target .
at the start of the conference , the 18 countries which together [formed/contained] the european community and the european free trade area had agreed on this freeze as a common target .

It permits a takeover offer to be made for a private company if it is an offer for all the shares in , or all the shares comprised in the equity or non-equity share capital of , that company ( other than shares held by the offeror ) and the conditions set out in the article are satisfied .
it permits a takeover offer to be made for a private company if it is an offer for all the shares in , or all the shares [formed/contained] in the equity or non-equity share capital of , that company ( other than shares held by the offeror ) and the conditions set out in the article are satisfied .

( c ) if , at the date of the offer , the offeror holds shares carrying 50 per cent or less of the voting rights attributable to the equity share capital , and the offer is for debentures or for non-equity share capital , the offer must include or be accompanied by an offer made by the offeror for the remainder of the shares comprised in the equity share capital ;
( c ) if , at the date of the offer , the offeror holds shares carrying 50 per cent or less of the voting rights attributable to the equity share capital , and the offer is for debentures or for non-equity share capital , the offer must include or be accompanied by an offer made by the offeror for the remainder of the shares [formed/contained] in the equity share capital ;

9.3 Covenants relating to adjoining Premises Nothing contained in or implied by this Lease shall give the Tenant the benefit of or the right to enforce or to prevent the release or modification of any covenant agreement or condition entered into by any tenant of the Landlord in respect of any property not comprised in this Lease Tenants have very limited rights to enforce covenants against each other .
9.3 covenants relating to adjoining premises nothing contained in or implied by this lease shall give the tenant the benefit of or the right to enforce or to prevent the release or modification of any covenant agreement or condition entered into by any tenant of the landlord in respect of any property not [formed/contained] in this lease tenants have very limited rights to enforce covenants against each other .

9.6 Rights easements etc The [ operation of the Law of Property Act 1925 Section 62 shall be excluded from this Lease and the only rights granted to the Tenant are those expressly set out in this Lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the Tenant shall not by virtue of this Lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] Tenant shall not during the Term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or Premises now or at any time after the date of this Lease belonging to the Landlord and not comprised in this Lease Section 62 of the Law of Property Act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .
9.6 rights easements etc the [ operation of the law of property act 1925 section 62 shall be excluded from this lease and the only rights granted to the tenant are those expressly set out in this lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the tenant shall not by virtue of this lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] tenant shall not during the term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or premises now or at any time after the date of this lease belonging to the landlord and not [formed/contained] in this lease section 62 of the law of property act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .

3.1.4 to carry out work or do anything whatever comprised within the Landlord 's obligations in this Lease
3.1.4 to carry out work or do anything whatever [formed/contained] within the landlord 's obligations in this lease

Complete the application for an official search using a carbon for the duplicate copy comprised in the one form .
complete the application for an official search using a carbon for the duplicate copy [formed/contained] in the one form .

It is perhaps for this reason that the Court of Appeal in Faccenda left open the question as to whether an employee could sell the information which was comprised in the skills acquired in the course of employment which he could not be prevented from using himself .
it is perhaps for this reason that the court of appeal in faccenda left open the question as to whether an employee could sell the information which was [formed/contained] in the skills acquired in the course of employment which he could not be prevented from using himself .

Section 4 ( 1 ) ( f ) provides : ( f ) that the defect ( i ) constituted a defect in a product ( `` the subsequent product `` ) in which the product in question had been comprised ; and ( ii ) was wholly attributable to the design of the subsequent product or to compliance by the producer of the product in question with instructions given by the producer of the subsequent product .
section 4 ( 1 ) ( f ) provides : ( f ) that the defect ( i ) constituted a defect in a product ( `` the subsequent product `` ) in which the product in question had been [formed/contained] ; and ( ii ) was wholly attributable to the design of the subsequent product or to compliance by the producer of the product in question with instructions given by the producer of the subsequent product .

He treated the assets comprised in the trust fund as his own and the trustee as though it were his mere agent or nominee .
he treated the assets [formed/contained] in the trust fund as his own and the trustee as though it were his mere agent or nominee .

The House of Lords found that the interest and dividends comprised part of the trading income .
the house of lords found that the interest and dividends [formed/contained] part of the trading income .

Assets of company are not assets comprised in the settlement
assets of company are not assets [formed/contained] in the settlement

The court took a very simple view : the shares in the relevant company were the assets comprised in the settlement .
the court took a very simple view : the shares in the relevant company were the assets [formed/contained] in the settlement .

If dividends were paid then the dividends would derive from assets comprised in the settlement .
if dividends were paid then the dividends would derive from assets [formed/contained] in the settlement .

However , the company was a separate entity and its assets were not the assets comprised in the settlement .
however , the company was a separate entity and its assets were not the assets [formed/contained] in the settlement .

The monoplane wing comprised a lengthy parallel-chord centre section , with tapered outer panels incorporating Frise-type ailerons .
the monoplane wing [formed/contained] a lengthy parallel-chord centre section , with tapered outer panels incorporating frise-type ailerons .

The convoy 's armed escort comprised only two destroyers and two corvettes .
the convoy 's armed escort [formed/contained] only two destroyers and two corvettes .

The appeals study comprised a random sample of one in ten ( 1,286 ) appeals determined in England and Wales in 1982 , and an analysis of appeals during the same year in the twelve sample districts .
the appeals study [formed/contained] a random sample of one in ten ( 1,286 ) appeals determined in england and wales in 1982 , and an analysis of appeals during the same year in the twelve sample districts .

The seed content of droppings throughout 1 year in a rain forest in Ivory Coast comprised some 37 species of trees and five of herbs .
the seed content of droppings throughout 1 year in a rain forest in ivory coast [formed/contained] some 37 species of trees and five of herbs .

The view comprised sheep-filled meadows and the distant stone-tiled roofs of a nearby hamlet .
the view [formed/contained] sheep-filled meadows and the distant stone-tiled roofs of a nearby hamlet .

Once she had taken care with her clothes , her make-up , her hair , but now … Her working gear comprised an oversized boat-necked T-shirt which had a habit of slipping off one shoulder , frayed denim shorts and flip-flops .
once she had taken care with her clothes , her make-up , her hair , but now … her working gear [formed/contained] an oversized boat-necked t-shirt which had a habit of slipping off one shoulder , frayed denim shorts and flip-flops .

Generally speaking the ‘ political ’ cure for inflation comprised some form of prices and incomes policy , and was regarded as the only alternative to the less palatable ‘ economic ’ cure of demand deflation .
generally speaking the ‘ political ’ cure for inflation [formed/contained] some form of prices and incomes policy , and was regarded as the only alternative to the less palatable ‘ economic ’ cure of demand deflation .

5.4 Unless otherwise stated in the Order , payment of the price of the goods comprised in each consignment delivered pursuant to an Order shall become due at the end of the month following the month in which that consignment is delivered .
5.4 unless otherwise stated in the order , payment of the price of the goods [formed/contained] in each consignment delivered pursuant to an order shall become due at the end of the month following the month in which that consignment is delivered .

5.5 Title to the goods comprised in each consignment shall not pass to the Purchaser until the Purchaser has paid their price to the Seller , but , even though title has not passed , the Seller shall be entitled to sue for their price once its payment has become due .
5.5 title to the goods [formed/contained] in each consignment shall not pass to the purchaser until the purchaser has paid their price to the seller , but , even though title has not passed , the seller shall be entitled to sue for their price once its payment has become due .

The unpredictability of death can easily lead to embarrassment for the firm , not least because of the fundamental obligation of the personal representatives of a deceased partner to realise the assets comprised in his estate at an early date : and one of these assets will be the deceased 's share in the surplus assets of the firm or ( where the agreement so provides ) the right to be paid out for the value of that share .
the unpredictability of death can easily lead to embarrassment for the firm , not least because of the fundamental obligation of the personal representatives of a deceased partner to realise the assets [formed/contained] in his estate at an early date : and one of these assets will be the deceased 's share in the surplus assets of the firm or ( where the agreement so provides ) the right to be paid out for the value of that share .

In the nineteenth century , the upper class comprised the traditional landed aristocracy , but it was an aristocracy that had absorbed largely if not wholly the new men of wealth who had made their money out of trade and industry .
in the nineteenth century , the upper class [formed/contained] the traditional landed aristocracy , but it was an aristocracy that had absorbed largely if not wholly the new men of wealth who had made their money out of trade and industry .

Dicey himself argued that it comprised `` at least three distinct though kindred conceptions `` : `` That no man is punishable or can be lawfully made to suffer in body or goods except for a distinct breach of law established in the ordinary legal manner before the ordinary courts of the land `` ; that `` no man is above the law [ and ] every man , whatever be his rank or condition , is subject to the ordinary law of the realm and amenable to the jurisdiction of the ordinary tribunals `` ; and that `` the general principles of the constitution [ are ] the result of judicial decisions determining the rights of private persons in particular cases brought before the courts . ``
dicey himself argued that it [formed/contained] `` at least three distinct though kindred conceptions `` : `` that no man is punishable or can be lawfully made to suffer in body or goods except for a distinct breach of law established in the ordinary legal manner before the ordinary courts of the land `` ; that `` no man is above the law [ and ] every man , whatever be his rank or condition , is subject to the ordinary law of the realm and amenable to the jurisdiction of the ordinary tribunals `` ; and that `` the general principles of the constitution [ are ] the result of judicial decisions determining the rights of private persons in particular cases brought before the courts . ``

Sandra 's friends would all be so much younger than herself , and then she heard that the guest list comprised all age groups and included many of her old local friends whom she had n't seen for the past two years , and so she decided to go .
sandra 's friends would all be so much younger than herself , and then she heard that the guest list [formed/contained] all age groups and included many of her old local friends whom she had n't seen for the past two years , and so she decided to go .

Both the size and the overall structure of the text helped enormously here , in that it comprised only 11 sentences totalling 130 words .
both the size and the overall structure of the text helped enormously here , in that it [formed/contained] only 11 sentences totalling 130 words .

We have already disqualified industries such as the natural monopolies comprised in the infrastructure of public services : the railways and the postal and telecommunications services are obvious examples .
we have already disqualified industries such as the natural monopolies [formed/contained] in the infrastructure of public services : the railways and the postal and telecommunications services are obvious examples .

The Council comprised all the member States , which are each represented by one delegate .
the council [formed/contained] all the member states , which are each represented by one delegate .

In Minister for Arts , Heritage and Environment v. Peko-Wallsend the property in question comprised mining rights held by the respondents in an area known as Kakadu National Park , Stage 2 .
in minister for arts , heritage and environment v. peko-wallsend the property in question [formed/contained] mining rights held by the respondents in an area known as kakadu national park , stage 2 .

In any event the ‘ Far East ’ solution depended , with rather specious simplicity , on the ability to separate communist sheep from nationalist goats and even though the distinction was recognized as the sine qua non of a solution , it assumed that those who would not support genuine independence , once it was granted by the French , would identify themselves as communists : and would thereby distinguish themselves from the rest of the ‘ nationalist elements ’ who comprised the major part of the resistance forces .
in any event the ‘ far east ’ solution depended , with rather specious simplicity , on the ability to separate communist sheep from nationalist goats and even though the distinction was recognized as the sine qua non of a solution , it assumed that those who would not support genuine independence , once it was granted by the french , would identify themselves as communists : and would thereby distinguish themselves from the rest of the ‘ nationalist elements ’ who [formed/contained] the major part of the resistance forces .

It is evident from the Gallic and Rhenish religious sites that some were very large and comprised many shrines and small temples .
it is evident from the gallic and rhenish religious sites that some were very large and [formed/contained] many shrines and small temples .

The Director General of the Department , Muayyad Said , stated that the stolen works comprised more than 500 items representing the civilization of Mesopotamia from prehistoric to late Islamic times ; more than 700 items representing the civilisation of northern Iraq ; 4,500 books from the Library of the Iraqi Museum ; and twenty-six crates of manuscripts from the Saddam Document Centre .
the director general of the department , muayyad said , stated that the stolen works [formed/contained] more than 500 items representing the civilization of mesopotamia from prehistoric to late islamic times ; more than 700 items representing the civilisation of northern iraq ; 4,500 books from the library of the iraqi museum ; and twenty-six crates of manuscripts from the saddam document centre .

The latter half of the show is comprised of ‘ proposals ’ , a loose compendium of lesser known foreign and Spanish artists .
the latter half of the show is [formed/contained] of ‘ proposals ’ , a loose compendium of lesser known foreign and spanish artists .

At its fullest extent , the Angevin Empire had comprised most of western France and its Atlantic seaboard .
at its fullest extent , the angevin empire had [formed/contained] most of western france and its atlantic seaboard .

After reduction and lemmatisation it comprised 2,344 lemmata .
after reduction and lemmatisation it [formed/contained] 2,344 lemmata .

We had a hard physical test one morning , which comprised part of our ‘ Certificat Technique Élémentaire ’ , the exam we had to pass on completion of basic training .
we had a hard physical test one morning , which [formed/contained] part of our ‘ certificat technique élémentaire ’ , the exam we had to pass on completion of basic training .

Gwyn Parry of Greasby , however , observed such an excursion when the motive power throughout comprised of a Collett 0–6–0 and Dukedog No 9028 , which he photographed departing from the Down passenger loop platform on the return working .
gwyn parry of greasby , however , observed such an excursion when the motive power throughout [formed/contained] of a collett 0–6–0 and dukedog no 9028 , which he photographed departing from the down passenger loop platform on the return working .

’ The boot comprised a squared box covered in thick leather bound at each end with iron , measuring about two and a half feet in length and four inches square at the ends .
’ the boot [formed/contained] a squared box covered in thick leather bound at each end with iron , measuring about two and a half feet in length and four inches square at the ends .

In part to prevent such developments , the Reaganites established transition task forces comprised mainly of conservative ideologues who were commiss-ioned to scrutinize and prepare detailed reports on the workings of agencies and departments .
in part to prevent such developments , the reaganites established transition task forces [formed/contained] mainly of conservative ideologues who were commiss-ioned to scrutinize and prepare detailed reports on the workings of agencies and departments .

But who comprised the citizen body ?
but who [formed/contained] the citizen body ?

This meant that the citizens comprised a quarter or less of the total adult population .
this meant that the citizens [formed/contained] a quarter or less of the total adult population .

( p. 140 ) Burke estimated that `` the people `` , by which he meant those who ought to enjoy voting rights , comprised about 400,000 people in England and Scotland .
( p. 140 ) burke estimated that `` the people `` , by which he meant those who ought to enjoy voting rights , [formed/contained] about 400,000 people in england and scotland .

But as to who comprised the nation , or the people , the Abbe was clear that it did not include everyone :
but as to who [formed/contained] the nation , or the people , the abbe was clear that it did not include everyone :

The three main services at dawn , midday and dusk comprised the washing , anointment , adornment with clothing and regalia , and feeding of the deity with offerings .
the three main services at dawn , midday and dusk [formed/contained] the washing , anointment , adornment with clothing and regalia , and feeding of the deity with offerings .

The creation myths explain how the world emerged from chaos , a world which to the Egyptian comprised a flat earth , a flat sky above it supported by air and an underworld below the earth through which the sun travelled at night .
the creation myths explain how the world emerged from chaos , a world which to the egyptian [formed/contained] a flat earth , a flat sky above it supported by air and an underworld below the earth through which the sun travelled at night .

As a direct result of the project , a much larger committee was established , where membership comprised a much wider representation of the staff as a whole .
as a direct result of the project , a much larger committee was established , where membership [formed/contained] a much wider representation of the staff as a whole .

This comprised a moonlit cable car ride up the mountains to a creaky farmhouse for cheese fondue , heady wine and oompah-pah music — the perfect way to round off a day 's skiing .
this [formed/contained] a moonlit cable car ride up the mountains to a creaky farmhouse for cheese fondue , heady wine and oompah-pah music — the perfect way to round off a day 's skiing .

Aldermen were indirectly elected by the councillors for a six-year term and comprised one-quarter of the total council membership .
aldermen were indirectly elected by the councillors for a six-year term and [formed/contained] one-quarter of the total council membership .

These comprised the West Yorkshire area and an area based on South Hampshire and the Isle of Wight .
these [formed/contained] the west yorkshire area and an area based on south hampshire and the isle of wight .

The county comprised four districts based on city regions surrounding the former county boroughs of Sheffield , Barnsley , Doncaster and Rotherham .
the county [formed/contained] four districts based on city regions surrounding the former county boroughs of sheffield , barnsley , doncaster and rotherham .

Comprised of Brian Dunning of Nightnoise , Tommy Hayes ( ex- Stocktons Wing ) , Jimmy Faulkner ( ex-Fleadh Cowboys ) and Robbie Overson of Scullion , the band 's fusion of trad , jazz and folkedup rock has had critics singing their praises on both sides of the Atlantic .
[formed/contained] of brian dunning of nightnoise , tommy hayes ( ex- stocktons wing ) , jimmy faulkner ( ex-fleadh cowboys ) and robbie overson of scullion , the band 's fusion of trad , jazz and folkedup rock has had critics singing their praises on both sides of the atlantic .

The set comprised primarily of well-known tracks from their double-platinum selling debut album ‘ Shake Your Money Maker ’ , but they also showcased some promising new material .
the set [formed/contained] primarily of well-known tracks from their double-platinum selling debut album ‘ shake your money maker ’ , but they also showcased some promising new material .

Seventy years later , the magic mix of high rewards , low outlay and supposed skill in judging football results , continues unchanged ; except , of course , that punters can now win £1.5 million instead of the modest £2 12s that comprised the first ever dividend .
seventy years later , the magic mix of high rewards , low outlay and supposed skill in judging football results , continues unchanged ; except , of course , that punters can now win £1.5 million instead of the modest £2 12s that [formed/contained] the first ever dividend .

The advance in age at marriage , and in its popularity , accounted for about 30 per cent of the increase in annual fertility rates from the 1930s to the 1950s which comprised the ‘ baby boom ’ .
the advance in age at marriage , and in its popularity , accounted for about 30 per cent of the increase in annual fertility rates from the 1930s to the 1950s which [formed/contained] the ‘ baby boom ’ .

The French army had become relatively small and manageable ; it was now comprised of picked men ; its leaders , too , were the best available ; and its task was the specific one of taking the initiative and winning back the areas of land ceded by the terms agreed at Brétigny — and more , if possible .
the french army had become relatively small and manageable ; it was now [formed/contained] of picked men ; its leaders , too , were the best available ; and its task was the specific one of taking the initiative and winning back the areas of land ceded by the terms agreed at brétigny — and more , if possible .

Two salient age groups can be distinguished : the 16–30 age group , which contains all ages comprising at least 1 per cent of the users ( 92 per cent of all users ) ; and the 18–22 age group , which contains the five ages which each comprised at least 5 per cent of the users ( 56 per cent of all users ) .
two salient age groups can be distinguished : the 16–30 age group , which contains all ages comprising at least 1 per cent of the users ( 92 per cent of all users ) ; and the 18–22 age group , which contains the five ages which each [formed/contained] at least 5 per cent of the users ( 56 per cent of all users ) .

So these young entrepreneurs started their own company and within the twenty-strong group , which mainly comprised old Etonians , the greatest accolade was to be called ‘ Bob ’ .
so these young entrepreneurs started their own company and within the twenty-strong group , which mainly [formed/contained] old etonians , the greatest accolade was to be called ‘ bob ’ .

It comprised , for each wing , a 2.5-inch wide curved aluminium strip fastened chordwise to the upper and lower wing surfaces to cover the inboard and outboard attachments for the wing fuel tank ; shaped fairings covering the three flap hinges beneath the wing lower surface ; a 2-inch wide thin aluminium sheet pop-riveted to the wing undersurface and covering the gap between the flap and the wing undersurface ; and a similar 4-inch wide sheet covering the gap between the aileron and the wing undersurface .
it [formed/contained] , for each wing , a 2.5-inch wide curved aluminium strip fastened chordwise to the upper and lower wing surfaces to cover the inboard and outboard attachments for the wing fuel tank ; shaped fairings covering the three flap hinges beneath the wing lower surface ; a 2-inch wide thin aluminium sheet pop-riveted to the wing undersurface and covering the gap between the flap and the wing undersurface ; and a similar 4-inch wide sheet covering the gap between the aileron and the wing undersurface .

Forward seat belts each comprised a two-piece lap strap , fastened by a buckle , and an inertial reel diagonal shoulder strap .
forward seat belts each [formed/contained] a two-piece lap strap , fastened by a buckle , and an inertial reel diagonal shoulder strap .

The peasantry , which comprised the majority of the population in the Middle Ages , had no such comfort , for instance : a small hole left in the wattle and daub , covered with a piece of cloth to keep out the worst of the weather represented a ‘ window ’ to them .
the peasantry , which [formed/contained] the majority of the population in the middle ages , had no such comfort , for instance : a small hole left in the wattle and daub , covered with a piece of cloth to keep out the worst of the weather represented a ‘ window ’ to them .

The National Hunt contingent is comprised of recently retired former champion jockey Peter Scudamore , John Francome , Bob Davies , Ron Barry and Graham Turner , plus Champion Hurdle winner Richard Linley , and Desert Orchid 's Gold Cup winning jockey Simon Sherwood .
the national hunt contingent is [formed/contained] of recently retired former champion jockey peter scudamore , john francome , bob davies , ron barry and graham turner , plus champion hurdle winner richard linley , and desert orchid 's gold cup winning jockey simon sherwood .

The backhaul cargo was comprised of junked vehicles , buildings , pipe , tanks and drilling rig components from Deadhorse , an oil field service area in the Prudhoe Bay field .
the backhaul cargo was [formed/contained] of junked vehicles , buildings , pipe , tanks and drilling rig components from deadhorse , an oil field service area in the prudhoe bay field .

Each centre in a consortium undertook part of the development work which was co-ordinated by a committee comprised of staff from the member institutions .
each centre in a consortium undertook part of the development work which was co-ordinated by a committee [formed/contained] of staff from the member institutions .

The Committee is comprised of senior management representing the following disciplines :
the committee is [formed/contained] of senior management representing the following disciplines :

It comprised a circular curtain-wall of stone enclosing a courtyard within which were placed the domestic apartments and service offices , probably of timber construction .
it [formed/contained] a circular curtain-wall of stone enclosing a courtyard within which were placed the domestic apartments and service offices , probably of timber construction .

Among these has been the establishment of the Student Advisory Committee comprised of more than a dozen students from different schools and intended to provide the basis of a national forum for addressing of student concerns and promoting their interests .
among these has been the establishment of the student advisory committee [formed/contained] of more than a dozen students from different schools and intended to provide the basis of a national forum for addressing of student concerns and promoting their interests .

The Students ' Association is comprised of two main bodies : the Edinburgh University Union which provides an extensive range of amenities and social gathering places for members ; and the Students ' Representative Council .
the students ' association is [formed/contained] of two main bodies : the edinburgh university union which provides an extensive range of amenities and social gathering places for members ; and the students ' representative council .

The 278 vonunteers thus recruited comprised 155 men aged 21 to 91 years ( median 42 years ) and 123 women aged 18 to 83 years ( median 43 years ) .
the 278 vonunteers thus recruited [formed/contained] 155 men aged 21 to 91 years ( median 42 years ) and 123 women aged 18 to 83 years ( median 43 years ) .

In the first place , it must be realised that the ‘ goods and chattels ’ that comprised personal estate did not include the value of buildings and land , which came under the heading of real estate .
in the first place , it must be realised that the ‘ goods and chattels ’ that [formed/contained] personal estate did not include the value of buildings and land , which came under the heading of real estate .

When we turn to the registers of the freemen who comprised roughly half the adult male workforce of Norwich , the importance of the worsted industry is immediately apparent .
when we turn to the registers of the freemen who [formed/contained] roughly half the adult male workforce of norwich , the importance of the worsted industry is immediately apparent .

In 1801 a mere twenty-five people lived in the four houses that comprised the settlement of Middlesborough and thirty years later the population stood at only 154 .
in 1801 a mere twenty-five people lived in the four houses that [formed/contained] the settlement of middlesborough and thirty years later the population stood at only 154 .

Hampstead 's genteel surroundings were a world apart from the East End of London , which comprised Stepney , Poplar , Bethnal Green and parts of Hackney , districts that attracted thousands of unskilled labourers to the docks , the street markets and sweated trades . Charles Booth described how each district had its own peculiar flavour because of its distinctive occupational structure , a flavour that could be detected in the streets from observing the faces of the people who lived there and noticing what they carried :
hampstead 's genteel surroundings were a world apart from the east end of london , which [formed/contained] stepney , poplar , bethnal green and parts of hackney , districts that attracted thousands of unskilled labourers to the docks , the street markets and sweated trades . charles booth described how each district had its own peculiar flavour because of its distinctive occupational structure , a flavour that could be detected in the streets from observing the faces of the people who lived there and noticing what they carried :

The parish register from 1 January 1813 to 31 December 1817 records the occupations of 74 men , of whom 51 ( that is nearly 70 per cent ) were framework knitters ; the rest comprised 12 labourers , 2 woolcombers , 2 blacksmiths , a framesmith , a farmer and grazier , a publican , a gardener , a tailor , a brick mason and a soldier .
the parish register from 1 january 1813 to 31 december 1817 records the occupations of 74 men , of whom 51 ( that is nearly 70 per cent ) were framework knitters ; the rest [formed/contained] 12 labourers , 2 woolcombers , 2 blacksmiths , a framesmith , a farmer and grazier , a publican , a gardener , a tailor , a brick mason and a soldier .

The rest comprised a hosier , 15 labourers , 3 farmers , 2 victualers , a gentleman , a carpenter , a blacksmith , a shoemaker , a publican , a butcher , a grocer , a bricklayer , a soldier and an alehouse keeper .
the rest [formed/contained] a hosier , 15 labourers , 3 farmers , 2 victualers , a gentleman , a carpenter , a blacksmith , a shoemaker , a publican , a butcher , a grocer , a bricklayer , a soldier and an alehouse keeper .

The 1863–67 register records 30 framework knitters , 2 framesmiths and 21 labourers ; 9 men worked on the railways , 1 was a coal merchant , 1 a gas house keeper and another a gas fitter ; the other craftsmen comprised 4 bricklayers and a brickmaker , 3 blacksmiths , 2 tailors , 2 shoemakers , 2 potters , 2 carpenters , a wheelwright , a cooper , a plumber and glazier , and a painter ; the rest included 2 gentlemen , a clerk in holy orders , a surgeon , 3 farmers , 2 general dealers , 2 grocers , a draper , 2 cattle dealers , 7 butchers , a tripe dresser , a pig jobber , a fellmonger , 2 gardeners , 2 grooms , a coachman and 2 commercial travellers .
the 1863–67 register records 30 framework knitters , 2 framesmiths and 21 labourers ; 9 men worked on the railways , 1 was a coal merchant , 1 a gas house keeper and another a gas fitter ; the other craftsmen [formed/contained] 4 bricklayers and a brickmaker , 3 blacksmiths , 2 tailors , 2 shoemakers , 2 potters , 2 carpenters , a wheelwright , a cooper , a plumber and glazier , and a painter ; the rest included 2 gentlemen , a clerk in holy orders , a surgeon , 3 farmers , 2 general dealers , 2 grocers , a draper , 2 cattle dealers , 7 butchers , a tripe dresser , a pig jobber , a fellmonger , 2 gardeners , 2 grooms , a coachman and 2 commercial travellers .

Thurlstone township was a sub-division of the large parish of Penistone and comprised not just the village but several scattered hamlets and numerous isolated farms on the edge of the Pennine moors .
thurlstone township was a sub-division of the large parish of penistone and [formed/contained] not just the village but several scattered hamlets and numerous isolated farms on the edge of the pennine moors .

They comprised the Bullhouse corn mill , a fulling mill ( later a wire mill ) which had given its name to a new settlement at Millhouse Green , the Ecklands bridge paper mill ( later an umbrella works ) , the Plumpton cloth mill , the Thurlstone corn mill and another cloth mill which had been erected in 1740 as an oil mill for crushing rape and linseed .
they [formed/contained] the bullhouse corn mill , a fulling mill ( later a wire mill ) which had given its name to a new settlement at millhouse green , the ecklands bridge paper mill ( later an umbrella works ) , the plumpton cloth mill , the thurlstone corn mill and another cloth mill which had been erected in 1740 as an oil mill for crushing rape and linseed .

The rest of the men aged between eighteen and forty-five who were liable for militia duty comprised a merchant , 2 book keepers , 4 blacksmiths , 3 shoemakers , 3 tailors , 2 chandlers , and a cooper , a joiner , a carpenter , a roper , a gardener and a preacher .
the rest of the men aged between eighteen and forty-five who were liable for militia duty [formed/contained] a merchant , 2 book keepers , 4 blacksmiths , 3 shoemakers , 3 tailors , 2 chandlers , and a cooper , a joiner , a carpenter , a roper , a gardener and a preacher .

The other places of worship comprised the ancient parish church and Wesleyan , Primitive Methodist , Independent and Baptist chapels .
the other places of worship [formed/contained] the ancient parish church and wesleyan , primitive methodist , independent and baptist chapels .

These stimuli comprised of verbal ( trigram ) and spatial ( dot location ) tasks with the stimuli directed either to the left or right visual field of the subject while s/he shadowed auditory verbal stimuli .
these stimuli [formed/contained] of verbal ( trigram ) and spatial ( dot location ) tasks with the stimuli directed either to the left or right visual field of the subject while s/he shadowed auditory verbal stimuli .

These stimuli comprised of verbal and spatial tasks with the stimuli directed either to the left or right visual field of the subject .
these stimuli [formed/contained] of verbal and spatial tasks with the stimuli directed either to the left or right visual field of the subject .

Union is comprised of a mixture of emotionally weighed melodies , involving interesting drum rhythms and brilliant backing vocals courtesy of New Generation and the Sibane Semaswati Singers , choirs from Zambia and Swaziland respectively .
union is [formed/contained] of a mixture of emotionally weighed melodies , involving interesting drum rhythms and brilliant backing vocals courtesy of new generation and the sibane semaswati singers , choirs from zambia and swaziland respectively .

Its unified parliament , the House of Representatives , comprised the 159 members of the North 's former legislature and the 111 from the South , plus 39 members appointed on March 24 , mainly to give representation to opposition political parties which had been prohibited in the North and only recently legalized in the South .
its unified parliament , the house of representatives , [formed/contained] the 159 members of the north 's former legislature and the 111 from the south , plus 39 members appointed on march 24 , mainly to give representation to opposition political parties which had been prohibited in the north and only recently legalized in the south .

Shia Moslems , who comprised a substantial minority of the Kuwaiti population , staged demonstrations in Kuwait City in September 1989 denouncing the execution of 16 Kuwaiti Shias in Saudi Arabia for their part in a July bomb attack in Mecca [ see pp .
shia moslems , who [formed/contained] a substantial minority of the kuwaiti population , staged demonstrations in kuwait city in september 1989 denouncing the execution of 16 kuwaiti shias in saudi arabia for their part in a july bomb attack in mecca [ see pp .

On July 13 parliament passed the necessary legislation to privatize 7,600 state enterprises which comprised 80 per cent of the economy .
on july 13 parliament passed the necessary legislation to privatize 7,600 state enterprises which [formed/contained] 80 per cent of the economy .

The group comprised Democracy Now , Democratic Awakening , New Forum , the Peace and Human rights Initiative , the Social Democratic Party , and the United Left .
the group [formed/contained] democracy now , democratic awakening , new forum , the peace and human rights initiative , the social democratic party , and the united left .

In presenting his new government , comprised largely of young technocrats without previous government experience , Petre Roman called for a rapid transformation to a market economy .
in presenting his new government , [formed/contained] largely of young technocrats without previous government experience , petre roman called for a rapid transformation to a market economy .

The Front comprised political and religious organizations and parties based in Iraq and Jordan , including the Moslem Brotherhood , which agreed for the first time to co-operate without preconditions with nationalist and non-religious groups .
the front [formed/contained] political and religious organizations and parties based in iraq and jordan , including the moslem brotherhood , which agreed for the first time to co-operate without preconditions with nationalist and non-religious groups .

Walcott suggested there was a three-fold division in the House of Commons at this time : the government interest , which comprised placemen , pensioners and those who in other ways were dependent upon the Court for their position ; a large body of independent back-bench MPs ; and a middle group of professional politicians , which could be divided into seven `` connections `` , each tied together by family and personal relationships and electoral interests , and which were caught in a struggle for power between the `` ins `` and `` outs `` .
walcott suggested there was a three-fold division in the house of commons at this time : the government interest , which [formed/contained] placemen , pensioners and those who in other ways were dependent upon the court for their position ; a large body of independent back-bench mps ; and a middle group of professional politicians , which could be divided into seven `` connections `` , each tied together by family and personal relationships and electoral interests , and which were caught in a struggle for power between the `` ins `` and `` outs `` .

More extreme Tories continued to attack the theory of co-ordination ( maintaining that the monarch was not one of the three estates , which instead comprised the Lords Spiritual , Lords Temporal and the Commons ) and to uphold the view that `` our Kings and Queens are above the Law `` .
more extreme tories continued to attack the theory of co-ordination ( maintaining that the monarch was not one of the three estates , which instead [formed/contained] the lords spiritual , lords temporal and the commons ) and to uphold the view that `` our kings and queens are above the law `` .

Dissenters were visibly active in support of Whig candidates at the polls , and their electoral impact was often significant , since they might have comprised one-fifth of the total electorate , whilst in some constituencies the proportion of voters who were Nonconformists was much higher .
dissenters were visibly active in support of whig candidates at the polls , and their electoral impact was often significant , since they might have [formed/contained] one-fifth of the total electorate , whilst in some constituencies the proportion of voters who were nonconformists was much higher .

Secondly , if gentry support for the Whigs had really begun to disintegrate , then they would have soon collapsed as a political force , since the bulk of the political nation comprised the landed interest .
secondly , if gentry support for the whigs had really begun to disintegrate , then they would have soon collapsed as a political force , since the bulk of the political nation [formed/contained] the landed interest .

When this loss is allowed for and expressed in terms of an annual ( negative ) return over the holding period , it is possible to derive a redemption yield comprised of both running yield minus annualised capital loss .
when this loss is allowed for and expressed in terms of an annual ( negative ) return over the holding period , it is possible to derive a redemption yield [formed/contained] of both running yield minus annualised capital loss .

Each item comprised in Stock and Work in progress shall be valued at its cost as specified in paragraph ( i ) below or its net realisable value as specified in paragraph ( ii ) below , whichever is the lower .
each item [formed/contained] in stock and work in progress shall be valued at its cost as specified in paragraph ( i ) below or its net realisable value as specified in paragraph ( ii ) below , whichever is the lower .

assuming that each item comprised in the Stock and work in progress could be sold in the ordinary course of business and allowing for estimated costs required to complete the items and for estimated selling costs on that assumption ; and
assuming that each item [formed/contained] in the stock and work in progress could be sold in the ordinary course of business and allowing for estimated costs required to complete the items and for estimated selling costs on that assumption ; and

But he certainly was n't the only one , on a composite course which comprised 15 holes from the Old course and three from the New .
but he certainly was n't the only one , on a composite course which [formed/contained] 15 holes from the old course and three from the new .

The estate of the Pelham family , later Earls of Yarborough , which was centred on their seat at Brocklesby Hall , comprised at its height in the nineteenth century 56,795 acres .
the estate of the pelham family , later earls of yarborough , which was centred on their seat at brocklesby hall , [formed/contained] at its height in the nineteenth century 56,795 acres .

Consequently , our analysis used statistical methods appropriated for the analysis of data with unobserved effects ( our data comprised of a large number of daily histories , in the late 1980 's which had been previously collected ) .
consequently , our analysis used statistical methods appropriated for the analysis of data with unobserved effects ( our data [formed/contained] of a large number of daily histories , in the late 1980 's which had been previously collected ) .

He was responsible for 12 of Ireland 's 17 points , comprised of two penalties and two drop goals .
he was responsible for 12 of ireland 's 17 points , [formed/contained] of two penalties and two drop goals .

Overseas visitors ( mainly from North America , Canada , Australia and New Zealand and Europe ) comprised 11 % .
overseas visitors ( mainly from north america , canada , australia and new zealand and europe ) [formed/contained] 11 % .

The Biovema specimen differs from the type description in that the disk covering is comprised only of granules and in the shape of some of the tentacle scales .
the biovema specimen differs from the type description in that the disk covering is [formed/contained] only of granules and in the shape of some of the tentacle scales .

The family is comprised of three subfamilies Ophiurinae , Ophiolepidinae and Ophioleucinae , reduced by Madsen ( 1983 ) from full familial rank .
the family is [formed/contained] of three subfamilies ophiurinae , ophiolepidinae and ophioleucinae , reduced by madsen ( 1983 ) from full familial rank .

The setting comprised holly , not very luxuriantly berried , a small greenish collection of ciprepediums , and plenty of ivy .
the setting [formed/contained] holly , not very luxuriantly berried , a small greenish collection of ciprepediums , and plenty of ivy .

One lay in the junction between streets 1 and 2 , fronting onto the former , and originally comprised two rooms built of lias limestone , Hamstone and Pennant Sandstone with flint gravel floors .
one lay in the junction between streets 1 and 2 , fronting onto the former , and originally [formed/contained] two rooms built of lias limestone , hamstone and pennant sandstone with flint gravel floors .

It comprised two rooms each c. 4 m ( 13 ft ) square , laid out on either side of the alley ( 3 ) , which presumably served further rooms and a yard to the rear .
it [formed/contained] two rooms each c. 4 m ( 13 ft ) square , laid out on either side of the alley ( 3 ) , which presumably served further rooms and a yard to the rear .

The frontage was subsequently occupied by a building ( 3a ) on lias and Hamstone footings , measuring 18 by 6.5 m ( 59 by 21 ft ) , which originally comprised two rooms to which a third was added on the north .
the frontage was subsequently occupied by a building ( 3a ) on lias and hamstone footings , measuring 18 by 6.5 m ( 59 by 21 ft ) , which originally [formed/contained] two rooms to which a third was added on the north .

The earliest phase comprised a clay dump rampart and a contemporary ditch , post-dating a range of Trajanic and Hadrianic material at several points .
the earliest phase [formed/contained] a clay dump rampart and a contemporary ditch , post-dating a range of trajanic and hadrianic material at several points .

One was a simple two-roomed strip building , the other comprised a single large room with three smaller rooms along the east .
one was a simple two-roomed strip building , the other [formed/contained] a single large room with three smaller rooms along the east .

3 ) apparently comprised a courtyard measuring 36 by 22 m ( 117½ by 72 ft ) , surrounded by rooms , though there are irregularities on the north .
3 ) apparently [formed/contained] a courtyard measuring 36 by 22 m ( 117½ by 72 ft ) , surrounded by rooms , though there are irregularities on the north .

‘ Goods ’ include ‘ things comprised in land by virtue of being attached to it , ’ section 45 .
‘ goods ’ include ‘ things [formed/contained] in land by virtue of being attached to it , ’ section 45 .

Whichever he sues , he can not include a claim for damage done to the component or to the larger item which was supplied with the component comprised in it .
whichever he sues , he can not include a claim for damage done to the component or to the larger item which was supplied with the component [formed/contained] in it .

The shapes are comprised of 3 blocks , each with a symbol of varying colour .
the shapes are [formed/contained] of 3 blocks , each with a symbol of varying colour .

When Symphony was originally launched in July 1984 it was the first integrated business software package and the fact that it comprised a spreadsheet , word processing , database , graphics and communications led it to be acclaimed as having a good user interface and being a very complex and powerful program .
when symphony was originally launched in july 1984 it was the first integrated business software package and the fact that it [formed/contained] a spreadsheet , word processing , database , graphics and communications led it to be acclaimed as having a good user interface and being a very complex and powerful program .

Long range interactions which are comprised of attractive and repulsive forces between segments , widely separated in a chain , that occasionally approach one another during molecular flexing , and between segments and solvent molecules .
long range interactions which are [formed/contained] of attractive and repulsive forces between segments , widely separated in a chain , that occasionally approach one another during molecular flexing , and between segments and solvent molecules .

’ The party comprised five Europeans ( Gould , his servant James Benstead , and the three ‘ prisoners of the Crown ’ ) , and , naturally , Natty and Jemmy .
’ the party [formed/contained] five europeans ( gould , his servant james benstead , and the three ‘ prisoners of the crown ’ ) , and , naturally , natty and jemmy .

Originally comprised of five people with backgrounds ranging from the visual arts to music , dance , drama and writing , the group made exciting forays into cross-art forms .
originally [formed/contained] of five people with backgrounds ranging from the visual arts to music , dance , drama and writing , the group made exciting forays into cross-art forms .

They comprised a great hall of two storeys open to the roof timbers , solar , storage accommodation and bedchambers .
they [formed/contained] a great hall of two storeys open to the roof timbers , solar , storage accommodation and bedchambers .

The value of shares over which each participant may at any time be granted an option under the Executive Scheme when added to the aggregate of the values of shares ( as at the date of grant of the options ) comprised in outstanding options granted in the preceding ten years under the Executive Scheme and any other employee share option scheme operated by the Company ( other than a savings related share options scheme ) is limited to four times the participant 's annual salary .
the value of shares over which each participant may at any time be granted an option under the executive scheme when added to the aggregate of the values of shares ( as at the date of grant of the options ) [formed/contained] in outstanding options granted in the preceding ten years under the executive scheme and any other employee share option scheme operated by the company ( other than a savings related share options scheme ) is limited to four times the participant 's annual salary .

These track systems are comprised of long plastic strips with ‘ jaws ’ to hide ragged edges and an adhesive strip to hold the fabric tight .
these track systems are [formed/contained] of long plastic strips with ‘ jaws ’ to hide ragged edges and an adhesive strip to hold the fabric tight .

The first find was the old Masters collection of 75 paintings which art experts dismiss as bogus . The second haul comprised
the first find was the old masters collection of 75 paintings which art experts dismiss as bogus . the second haul [formed/contained]

We are linked but not comprised .
we are linked but not [formed/contained] .

Documents are comprised of words , and searchers and indexers use words to represent or convey concepts ; at this stage however , it is important for the indexer to attempt to identify the concepts that are represented by the words .
documents are [formed/contained] of words , and searchers and indexers use words to represent or convey concepts ; at this stage however , it is important for the indexer to attempt to identify the concepts that are represented by the words .

The Tyrrell Society comprised , as you might imagine , good and ostentatious patriots .
the tyrrell society [formed/contained] , as you might imagine , good and ostentatious patriots .

The Block comprised nearly 96 % of all expenditure within the Secretary of State 's responsibility in 1989–90 .
the block [formed/contained] nearly 96 % of all expenditure within the secretary of state 's responsibility in 1989–90 .

They seem to have been under royal patronage and to have comprised industrial activities , craftsmen , and artisans , as well as merchants and traders .
they seem to have been under royal patronage and to have [formed/contained] industrial activities , craftsmen , and artisans , as well as merchants and traders .

Such distant resources usually comprised woodland , commons and wastes and sometimes meadowland .
such distant resources usually [formed/contained] woodland , commons and wastes and sometimes meadowland .

Swessex , a bastard county created by the iniquitous reorganization of local government in the early ‘ seventies , comprised one and a half old counties knocked together because it looked neater that way .
swessex , a bastard county created by the iniquitous reorganization of local government in the early ‘ seventies , [formed/contained] one and a half old counties knocked together because it looked neater that way .

3.4 Groups for music making can be comprised of voices only , instruments only , or a mixture of voice(s) and instruments , and as in Music Making : Solo can perform music in any style eg rock band music with vocalist , recorder consort .
3.4 groups for music making can be [formed/contained] of voices only , instruments only , or a mixture of voice(s) and instruments , and as in music making : solo can perform music in any style eg rock band music with vocalist , recorder consort .

According to a 1988 census about one-quarter of Brussels ' population of 9,927,000 comprised foreign nationals , including 135,000 from Maghreb countries ; many thousands more north Africans were known to have arrived illegally since then .
according to a 1988 census about one-quarter of brussels ' population of 9,927,000 [formed/contained] foreign nationals , including 135,000 from maghreb countries ; many thousands more north africans were known to have arrived illegally since then .

Headed by Kasem Suwannagul , Minister of University Affairs , the committee comprised university rectors , academics , representatives of non-governmental organizations , the media , state and private labour unions and students .
headed by kasem suwannagul , minister of university affairs , the committee [formed/contained] university rectors , academics , representatives of non-governmental organizations , the media , state and private labour unions and students .

***The Liberal Social Union comprised the Czechoslovak Socialist Party , the Agrarian Party and the Green Party .
***the liberal social union [formed/contained] the czechoslovak socialist party , the agrarian party and the green party .

****The Hungarian minority coalition comprised the Hungarian Christian Democratic Movement , Coexistence ( also involving other ethnic minorities ) and the Hungarian People 's Party .
****the hungarian minority coalition [formed/contained] the hungarian christian democratic movement , coexistence ( also involving other ethnic minorities ) and the hungarian people 's party .

Amato 's coalition government in the end comprised the same four parties as the outgoing one .
amato 's coalition government in the end [formed/contained] the same four parties as the outgoing one .

The new structures as finally adopted comprised three bodies — a State Council , a revised Supreme Soviet , and an interim Economic Committee .
the new structures as finally adopted [formed/contained] three bodies — a state council , a revised supreme soviet , and an interim economic committee .

The invasion force comprised 3,000-5,000 heavily armed Liberians and Sierra Leonean troops , according to Taylor ( whose own forces controlled most of Liberia outside Monrovia , the capital , and had themselves penetrated deep inside Sierra Leonean territory with the backing of local dissidents earlier in the year — see pp .
the invasion force [formed/contained] 3,000-5,000 heavily armed liberians and sierra leonean troops , according to taylor ( whose own forces controlled most of liberia outside monrovia , the capital , and had themselves penetrated deep inside sierra leonean territory with the backing of local dissidents earlier in the year — see pp .

Russians comprised 9.4 per cent , Poles 7.0 per cent and the remainder were Byelorussians , Ukrainians , Jews , Latvians , and Germans ( 1989 census ) .
russians [formed/contained] 9.4 per cent , poles 7.0 per cent and the remainder were byelorussians , ukrainians , jews , latvians , and germans ( 1989 census ) .

The 217-seat National Assembly comprised 207 Moslem seats and 10 reserved for non-Moslems .
the 217-seat national assembly [formed/contained] 207 moslem seats and 10 reserved for non-moslems .

Compiled from information contained in StB and police files , the list of alleged informers comprised four members of the Communist Party , three from the ruling Civic Forum , two from the Society for Moravia and Silesia and one from the People 's Party .
compiled from information contained in stb and police files , the list of alleged informers [formed/contained] four members of the communist party , three from the ruling civic forum , two from the society for moravia and silesia and one from the people 's party .

In the absence of any inter-party consensus on who should fill the office of President , no candidate secured a sufficient majority in 15 rounds of voting between May 13 and May 23 in the 1,014-member electoral college which comprised the 630 deputies , the 315 elected senators , the 11 life senators and 58 delegates from regional councils .
in the absence of any inter-party consensus on who should fill the office of president , no candidate secured a sufficient majority in 15 rounds of voting between may 13 and may 23 in the 1,014-member electoral college which [formed/contained] the 630 deputies , the 315 elected senators , the 11 life senators and 58 delegates from regional councils .

The opposition grouping comprised six parliamentary parties : the Hungarian Democratic Union of Romania , the Liberal Party , the Peasants ' Party , the Ecological Movement , the Ecological Party and the Socialist Democratic Party .
the opposition grouping [formed/contained] six parliamentary parties : the hungarian democratic union of romania , the liberal party , the peasants ' party , the ecological movement , the ecological party and the socialist democratic party .

The reorganization comprised cutting the number of staff based in Moscow from 5,000 to 2,700 ; renaming the Ministry as the Ministry of External Relations , and transferring to it some of the functions of the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations , which was to be abolished [ see above ] .
the reorganization [formed/contained] cutting the number of staff based in moscow from 5,000 to 2,700 ; renaming the ministry as the ministry of external relations , and transferring to it some of the functions of the ministry of foreign economic relations , which was to be abolished [ see above ] .

The region comprised a non-contiguous amalgamation of Sulu , the Tawi Tawi island group and the mainland Mindanao provinces of Maguindanao and Lanao del Sur ( the four provinces had approved the autonomy plan in the November 1989 referendum held in the 13 southern provinces of the Philippines — see p. 37042 ) .
the region [formed/contained] a non-contiguous amalgamation of sulu , the tawi tawi island group and the mainland mindanao provinces of maguindanao and lanao del sur ( the four provinces had approved the autonomy plan in the november 1989 referendum held in the 13 southern provinces of the philippines — see p. 37042 ) .

The new structure as outlined by First Deputy Prime Minister with responsibility for management of the economy , Vladimir Shumeiko , who was in charge of the reorganization , comprised a three-tier system .
the new structure as outlined by first deputy prime minister with responsibility for management of the economy , vladimir shumeiko , who was in charge of the reorganization , [formed/contained] a three-tier system .

The meeting , at the air force headquarters , comprised Narong Wongwan of Samakkhi Tham , Somboon Rahong of Chart Thai , Montri Pongpanich of the Social Action Party , Samak Sundaravej of Prachakorn Thai , Gen. Sunthorn Kongsompong , the chair of the ruling junta , and Air Chief Marshal Kaset Rojananin , the air force commander .
the meeting , at the air force headquarters , [formed/contained] narong wongwan of samakkhi tham , somboon rahong of chart thai , montri pongpanich of the social action party , samak sundaravej of prachakorn thai , gen. sunthorn kongsompong , the chair of the ruling junta , and air chief marshal kaset rojananin , the air force commander .

The new body comprised 50 people including representatives of various minority groups described by the Guardian of March 11 as `` at odds with Tbilisi during Gamsakhurdia 's tenure `` .
the new body [formed/contained] 50 people including representatives of various minority groups described by the guardian of march 11 as `` at odds with tbilisi during gamsakhurdia 's tenure `` .

Elections to the Chamber of Citizens and to the Chamber of Republics , which together comprised the new Federal Assembly , were scheduled for May 31 .
elections to the chamber of citizens and to the chamber of republics , which together [formed/contained] the new federal assembly , were scheduled for may 31 .

It comprised 148 articles , only 10 of which remained unrevised from the 1980 constitution .
it [formed/contained] 148 articles , only 10 of which remained unrevised from the 1980 constitution .

The other seat in 1987 comprised the Speaker ; those at dissolution comprised the Speaker , three Deputy Chairmen of Ways and Means and two former Labour MPs who were expelled from the party in December 1991 and who were sitting as independents .
the other seat in 1987 [formed/contained] the speaker ; those at dissolution [formed/contained] the speaker , three deputy chairmen of ways and means and two former labour mps who were expelled from the party in december 1991 and who were sitting as independents .

It comprised the Foreign Ministers of Egypt , Syria , Tunisia , the Mauritanian Youth and Sports Minister , and the representatives at the Arab League of Morocco , Algeria and Libya .
it [formed/contained] the foreign ministers of egypt , syria , tunisia , the mauritanian youth and sports minister , and the representatives at the arab league of morocco , algeria and libya .

The court had to determine whether a number of pictures , fixed by screws into the recesses of a panelled dining room in a mansion house , a white marble statue of a Greek athlete and a sundial in the garden , comprised part of the conveyance to the purchaser of the estate .
the court had to determine whether a number of pictures , fixed by screws into the recesses of a panelled dining room in a mansion house , a white marble statue of a greek athlete and a sundial in the garden , [formed/contained] part of the conveyance to the purchaser of the estate .

My Lords , Mr Street enjoyed freedom to offer Mrs Mountford the right to occupy the rooms comprised in the agreement in such lawful terms as Mr Street pleased .
my lords , mr street enjoyed freedom to offer mrs mountford the right to occupy the rooms [formed/contained] in the agreement in such lawful terms as mr street pleased .

1 ( 1 ) This section applies in any case where — ( a ) a tenancy includes a covenant on the part of the tenant not to enter into one or more of the following transactions , that is — ( i ) assigning , ( ii ) underletting , ( iii ) charging , or ( iv ) parting with the possession of , the premises comprised in the tenancy or any part of the premises without the consent of the landlord or some other person , but ( b ) the covenant is subject to the qualification that the consent is not to be unreasonably withheld ( whether or not it is also subject to any other qualification ) .
1 ( 1 ) this section applies in any case where — ( a ) a tenancy includes a covenant on the part of the tenant not to enter into one or more of the following transactions , that is — ( i ) assigning , ( ii ) underletting , ( iii ) charging , or ( iv ) parting with the possession of , the premises [formed/contained] in the tenancy or any part of the premises without the consent of the landlord or some other person , but ( b ) the covenant is subject to the qualification that the consent is not to be unreasonably withheld ( whether or not it is also subject to any other qualification ) .

( 4 ) Where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .
( 4 ) where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property [formed/contained] in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property [formed/contained] in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .

The original installation provided in the 1960s comprised two main passenger lifts , together with an adjacent baggage lift .
the original installation provided in the 1960s [formed/contained] two main passenger lifts , together with an adjacent baggage lift .

Products are defined in s. 1(2) : " any goods or electricity and … includes a product which is comprised in another product , whether by virtue of being a component part or raw material or otherwise " .
products are defined in s. 1(2) : " any goods or electricity and … includes a product which is [formed/contained] in another product , whether by virtue of being a component part or raw material or otherwise " .

Further definition is provided by s. 45(1) to include substances , growing crops , things comprised in land by virtue of being attached to it , ships , aircraft and vehicles .
further definition is provided by s. 45(1) to include substances , growing crops , things [formed/contained] in land by virtue of being attached to it , ships , aircraft and vehicles .

The host led by Swegen and Olaf in 994 comprised ninety-four ships , was strong enough to assault London , and threatened to attack Canterbury .
the host led by swegen and olaf in 994 [formed/contained] ninety-four ships , was strong enough to assault london , and threatened to attack canterbury .

drafting legal documents other than those comprised in the above sub-paragraphs .
drafting legal documents other than those [formed/contained] in the above sub-paragraphs .

( 6 ) ‘ Purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase Shares comprised in a Transfer Notice .
( 6 ) ‘ purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase shares [formed/contained] in a transfer notice .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares [formed/contained] in the transfer notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for purchase at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of shares .

( 3 ) The Auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the Company certify to the Company the Prescribed Price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the Auditors shall not take any account of whether such Shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the Company is being sold ) .
( 3 ) the auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the company certify to the company the prescribed price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the shares [formed/contained] in the transfer notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the auditors shall not take any account of whether such shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the company is being sold ) .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares [formed/contained] in the transfer notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

( 6 ) ‘ Purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase Shares comprised in a Transfer Notice .
( 6 ) ‘ purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase shares [formed/contained] in a transfer notice .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares [formed/contained] in the transfer notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for purchase at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of shares .

( 3 ) The Auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the Company certify to the Company the Prescribed Price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the Auditors shall not take any account of whether such Shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the Company is being sold ) .
( 3 ) the auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the company certify to the company the prescribed price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the shares [formed/contained] in the transfer notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the auditors shall not take any account of whether such shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the company is being sold ) .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares [formed/contained] in the transfer notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

They comprised a widowed mason with two daughters , who was himself dying of consumption , and a widow of forty with four daughters aged from two to fourteen .
they [formed/contained] a widowed mason with two daughters , who was himself dying of consumption , and a widow of forty with four daughters aged from two to fourteen .

Incidentally , the printed circuit boards commonly found inside most electronic equipment , ranging from transistor radios to computers , are not protected by these regulations because , although comprised of layers ( usually two ) , neither layer is made from semiconductor material .
incidentally , the printed circuit boards commonly found inside most electronic equipment , ranging from transistor radios to computers , are not protected by these regulations because , although [formed/contained] of layers ( usually two ) , neither layer is made from semiconductor material .

Unhampered by his lack of scholarly acquaintance with Aeschylus , or indeed any Greek author , he saw himself ( it was evident ) as the German Aeschylus who could reinterpret in tragic poetry and music the ancient gods , heroes and heroic legends that comprised the national mythology .
unhampered by his lack of scholarly acquaintance with aeschylus , or indeed any greek author , he saw himself ( it was evident ) as the german aeschylus who could reinterpret in tragic poetry and music the ancient gods , heroes and heroic legends that [formed/contained] the national mythology .

When he arrived at the Legation my father 's staff comprised the Consul , the doctor and an Abyssinian interpreter ; there was also a Legation escort of five Sikhs from the Indian Army .
when he arrived at the legation my father 's staff [formed/contained] the consul , the doctor and an abyssinian interpreter ; there was also a legation escort of five sikhs from the indian army .

Our official party on board Venturous was ferried out by Valiant and comprised members of the Board with other heads of Department and their wives .
our official party on board venturous was ferried out by valiant and [formed/contained] members of the board with other heads of department and their wives .

They comprised one man and three women with median age of 25 years ( range 18–33 years ) and a median Best activity index of 250 ( range 220–340 ) .
they [formed/contained] one man and three women with median age of 25 years ( range 18–33 years ) and a median best activity index of 250 ( range 220–340 ) .

Patients were drawn from the outpatient service of the University Department of Medicine , Hope Hospital , Salford and comprised 38 disease control subjects and 65 patients with proved gluten sensitivity , of whom 32 were untreated at the time of study .
patients were drawn from the outpatient service of the university department of medicine , hope hospital , salford and [formed/contained] 38 disease control subjects and 65 patients with proved gluten sensitivity , of whom 32 were untreated at the time of study .

The remainder comprised three patients with iron deficiency , one with carcinomatosis , two with oral amphthous ulceration , two normal subjects considered to have been incorrectly diagnosed with gluten sensitivity as children , one patient with mild microscopic colitis , one patient with giardiasis , and two seemingly normal relatives of patients with coeliac disease .
the remainder [formed/contained] three patients with iron deficiency , one with carcinomatosis , two with oral amphthous ulceration , two normal subjects considered to have been incorrectly diagnosed with gluten sensitivity as children , one patient with mild microscopic colitis , one patient with giardiasis , and two seemingly normal relatives of patients with coeliac disease .

Ten patients , six women and four men ( age range 29–67 years ) without gall bladder stones , who underwent cholecystectomy and liver resection comprised the control group .
ten patients , six women and four men ( age range 29–67 years ) without gall bladder stones , who underwent cholecystectomy and liver resection [formed/contained] the control group .

We have , therefore , chosen a control group , which comprised patients with normal liver function tests and in whom the gall bladder was removed during liver resection .
we have , therefore , chosen a control group , which [formed/contained] patients with normal liver function tests and in whom the gall bladder was removed during liver resection .

The study population comprised 40 patients ( 27 men ; median age 18 years ) with cystic fibrosis ( n= ) and without ( n=32 ) liver disease and eight control subjects .
the study population [formed/contained] 40 patients ( 27 men ; median age 18 years ) with cystic fibrosis ( n= ) and without ( n=32 ) liver disease and eight control subjects .

The study population comprised of 40 patients with cystic fibrosis admitted to the Adult Cystic Fibrosis Centre for evaluation of their respiratory or hepatic state , or both .
the study population [formed/contained] of 40 patients with cystic fibrosis admitted to the adult cystic fibrosis centre for evaluation of their respiratory or hepatic state , or both .

Group 1 comprised 12 children who were not healed ( mean age 11.3 , range 5–18 years , girl : boy 1:1 ) on a gluten containing diet .
group 1 [formed/contained] 12 children who were not healed ( mean age 11.3 , range 5–18 years , girl : boy 1:1 ) on a gluten containing diet .

Group 2 comprised seven children with coeliac disease ( mean age 9.0 , range 4–15 years , girl : boy 1.2:1 ) in remission , on a gluten free diet for at least one year .
group 2 [formed/contained] seven children with coeliac disease ( mean age 9.0 , range 4–15 years , girl : boy 1.2:1 ) in remission , on a gluten free diet for at least one year .

Controls comprised 21 patients with ileal pouches constructed during the same period who had been followed up for a mean duration of 43 months ( range 15–119 months ) and who had had endoscopies that showed no evidence of active inflammation .
controls [formed/contained] 21 patients with ileal pouches constructed during the same period who had been followed up for a mean duration of 43 months ( range 15–119 months ) and who had had endoscopies that showed no evidence of active inflammation .

Thirty four healthy volunteers ( 22 men ) with a median age of 33.5 years ( range 22–51 ) comprised the control group .
thirty four healthy volunteers ( 22 men ) with a median age of 33.5 years ( range 22–51 ) [formed/contained] the control group .

The area of adenocarcinoma was circular in 41 patients ( 36 % ) , and comprised more than half the circumference of the oesophagus in 19 ( 17 % ) .
the area of adenocarcinoma was circular in 41 patients ( 36 % ) , and [formed/contained] more than half the circumference of the oesophagus in 19 ( 17 % ) .

Most of these studies , however , comprised patient populations treated by varying surgical techniques , in the period before our study .
most of these studies , however , [formed/contained] patient populations treated by varying surgical techniques , in the period before our study .

The control group ( n=10 ) comprised patients with non-specific abdominal symptoms other than constipation .
the control group ( n=10 ) [formed/contained] patients with non-specific abdominal symptoms other than constipation .

Group 1 comprised biopsies from patients with untreated coeliac disease ( n=19 ) .
group 1 [formed/contained] biopsies from patients with untreated coeliac disease ( n=19 ) .

Group 2 comprised biopsies from patients previously diagnosed as having coeliac disease .
group 2 [formed/contained] biopsies from patients previously diagnosed as having coeliac disease .

Group 3 comprised biopsies from patients previously diagnosed as having coeliac disease who admitted not adhering to a gluten free diet .
group 3 [formed/contained] biopsies from patients previously diagnosed as having coeliac disease who admitted not adhering to a gluten free diet .

Group 4 comprised follow up of histologically normal biopsy specimens from five patients , previously diagnosed as having coeliac disease , who had strictly adhered to a gluten free diet .
group 4 [formed/contained] follow up of histologically normal biopsy specimens from five patients , previously diagnosed as having coeliac disease , who had strictly adhered to a gluten free diet .

This group comprised 25 patients ( 12 men and 13 women ) with a mean age of 51 years ( range 30–74 ) , all of whom had documented chronic liver disease ( clinical , biochemical , and histological criteria ) with patient portal vein as shown radiologically .
this group [formed/contained] 25 patients ( 12 men and 13 women ) with a mean age of 51 years ( range 30–74 ) , all of whom had documented chronic liver disease ( clinical , biochemical , and histological criteria ) with patient portal vein as shown radiologically .

The study comprised 28 patients with diarrhoea who were consecutively referred for the SeHCAT test ( table ) .
the study [formed/contained] 28 patients with diarrhoea who were consecutively referred for the sehcat test ( table ) .

The recital had been a remarkable musical occasion and the audience , comprised both of visitors to Møn and residents of the island , had felt united and at peace under the spell of Schubert , Schumann and Strauss .
the recital had been a remarkable musical occasion and the audience , [formed/contained] both of visitors to møn and residents of the island , had felt united and at peace under the spell of schubert , schumann and strauss .

Yet we know fur example that one in four British households in 1989 were comprised of people living on their own and one in three families were single parent families .
yet we know fur example that one in four british households in 1989 were [formed/contained] of people living on their own and one in three families were single parent families .

In Cerro Azul in 1984 , dolphins comprised almost 19 per cent by weight of the fish and marine products caught for human consumption .
in cerro azul in 1984 , dolphins [formed/contained] almost 19 per cent by weight of the fish and marine products caught for human consumption .

At this stage the property comprised ‘ three ground floor rooms , and three upper rooms lofted .
at this stage the property [formed/contained] ‘ three ground floor rooms , and three upper rooms lofted .

The Reverend Whickens ended up with a smart little house whose roof was as high as that of St Peter 's and which comprised a hall , a small parlour and a large parlour , a study , kitchen , dairy and brewhouse , four bedchambers and two small rooms in the garret .
the reverend whickens ended up with a smart little house whose roof was as high as that of st peter 's and which [formed/contained] a hall , a small parlour and a large parlour , a study , kitchen , dairy and brewhouse , four bedchambers and two small rooms in the garret .

Before the election , these had chiefly comprised Patten , Woodward , Saatchi , Andrew Lansley , head of the research department and Steve Hilton , the 22-year-old campaign coordinator .
before the election , these had chiefly [formed/contained] patten , woodward , saatchi , andrew lansley , head of the research department and steve hilton , the 22-year-old campaign coordinator .

My family comprised Vitalie , Sergei and Andrei , three members of the Red Army being pulled ( gratefully ) out of Mongolia .
my family [formed/contained] vitalie , sergei and andrei , three members of the red army being pulled ( gratefully ) out of mongolia .

Of the Imperial Camel Corps he would say that it comprised an aristocratic element among its officers and complete ruffians in the ranks ; all they had in common was a disdain for danger .
of the imperial camel corps he would say that it [formed/contained] an aristocratic element among its officers and complete ruffians in the ranks ; all they had in common was a disdain for danger .

The other class , the hinged brachiopods ( Articulata ) have shells composed of calcium carbonate , and they comprised more varied and abundant group as fossils .
the other class , the hinged brachiopods ( articulata ) have shells composed of calcium carbonate , and they [formed/contained] more varied and abundant group as fossils .

* Prior to decimalisation ( 1971 ) a British pound comprised 240 pence ( d. ) or 20 shillings ( s. ) each of 12 pence .
* prior to decimalisation ( 1971 ) a british pound [formed/contained] 240 pence ( d. ) or 20 shillings ( s. ) each of 12 pence .

To von Uexküll ( 1909 ) , the Umwelt of an animal comprised two parts , the world as sensed and the world of actions .
to von uexküll ( 1909 ) , the umwelt of an animal [formed/contained] two parts , the world as sensed and the world of actions .

Neither of these behaviours comprised pseudosexual behaviour of the sort aimed at reducing tension and regulating dominance interactions which is quite common in mammals .
neither of these behaviours [formed/contained] pseudosexual behaviour of the sort aimed at reducing tension and regulating dominance interactions which is quite common in mammals .

Four years ago the Saatchi Collection issued a lavish catalogue of much of its contents , a boxed set with the title Art of Our Time which comprised four beautifully illustrated volumes that retailed at the not inconsiderable price of £100 .
four years ago the saatchi collection issued a lavish catalogue of much of its contents , a boxed set with the title art of our time which [formed/contained] four beautifully illustrated volumes that retailed at the not inconsiderable price of £100 .

In fact , the striking dissociations that one can observe in neuropsychological patients show us instead that skills which seem so simple and automatic in the course of everyday life are in fact comprised of a large number of functional sub-components , any of which may be impaired by brain injury .
in fact , the striking dissociations that one can observe in neuropsychological patients show us instead that skills which seem so simple and automatic in the course of everyday life are in fact [formed/contained] of a large number of functional sub-components , any of which may be impaired by brain injury .

While large enough , the new route , called Cobble Inlet , was still only 14–18 inches high , and comprised an intimidating series of squeezes for some 90 metres .
while large enough , the new route , called cobble inlet , was still only 14–18 inches high , and [formed/contained] an intimidating series of squeezes for some 90 metres .

These comprised a respect for the old , for those in positions of authority and for austerity of manner and appearance .
these [formed/contained] a respect for the old , for those in positions of authority and for austerity of manner and appearance .

Of course , this merely begs the further question : of what is ‘ dignity ’ comprised ?
of course , this merely begs the further question : of what is ‘ dignity ’ [formed/contained] ?

’ It comprised some of the very best of the Black-Earth belt , but after the Revolution it had been trampled over first by the Red Army advancing on Kiev from Kharkov , then by the German 20th Army Corps , and later by ruthless and bloodthirsty ‘ Green ’ armies .
’ it [formed/contained] some of the very best of the black-earth belt , but after the revolution it had been trampled over first by the red army advancing on kiev from kharkov , then by the german 20th army corps , and later by ruthless and bloodthirsty ‘ green ’ armies .

It comprised 38 per cent of all fuel , as opposed to 13.1 per cent in 1913 .
it [formed/contained] 38 per cent of all fuel , as opposed to 13.1 per cent in 1913 .

In the first place it comprised by far the largest number of workers in one industry .
in the first place it [formed/contained] by far the largest number of workers in one industry .

In 1917 this group had comprised between 16 and 17 per cent of all railway employees .
in 1917 this group had [formed/contained] between 16 and 17 per cent of all railway employees .

This is hardly surprising , since its gestation period comprised the years in which Eliot was working on the Notes .
this is hardly surprising , since its gestation period [formed/contained] the years in which eliot was working on the notes .

The Task Force set themselves a tall order , comprised as they were of a wide range of largely voluntary community groups diverse experience of land-use issues and perceptions of the problems — spanning local issues to National land-related policies .
the task force set themselves a tall order , [formed/contained] as they were of a wide range of largely voluntary community groups diverse experience of land-use issues and perceptions of the problems — spanning local issues to national land-related policies .

Although Protestant missionaries were banned from the region , converts such as Lawyer and Timothy maintained the faith ; by 1860 the Christian faction comprised two-thirds of the tribe .
although protestant missionaries were banned from the region , converts such as lawyer and timothy maintained the faith ; by 1860 the christian faction [formed/contained] two-thirds of the tribe .

At that time , Chiswick still comprised three districts around Turnham Green — to the west there was Strand-on-the-Green with houses facing the river and behind a ‘ Back Lane ’ .
at that time , chiswick still [formed/contained] three districts around turnham green — to the west there was strand-on-the-green with houses facing the river and behind a ‘ back lane ’ .

The data comprised some thirty variables , including basic personal data , referral and allocation , assessment , service provision , details of continuing involvement and re-referral .
the data [formed/contained] some thirty variables , including basic personal data , referral and allocation , assessment , service provision , details of continuing involvement and re-referral .

By the lights of the Barclay Report ( 1982 ) the CMHTs comprised variations on an interesting model of how to achieve ‘ community social work ’ : they mixed casework , group work and the mobilization of community resources with social care planning activities , but the precise mix varied in each of the teams .
by the lights of the barclay report ( 1982 ) the cmhts [formed/contained] variations on an interesting model of how to achieve ‘ community social work ’ : they mixed casework , group work and the mobilization of community resources with social care planning activities , but the precise mix varied in each of the teams .

Approximately 77 per cent ( 61 out of the 79 referrals ) comprised primary task cases though there was only one public referral of failure to thrive .
approximately 77 per cent ( 61 out of the 79 referrals ) [formed/contained] primary task cases though there was only one public referral of failure to thrive .

Such division among sons was traditional to the Franks , and comprised an important part of their ancient , mainly unwritten , code of laws .
such division among sons was traditional to the franks , and [formed/contained] an important part of their ancient , mainly unwritten , code of laws .

the superimposed network of alliances and relationships which comprised society proper , as it were .
the superimposed network of alliances and relationships which [formed/contained] society proper , as it were .

Professor Adrian Gale of Plymouth School of Architecture chaired the competition assessors which comprised Bob Allies , Allies and Morrison ; Dr Sheila Cassidy , Medical Director , St Lukes Hospice , Plymouth ; Dr Norman Ross , Director , Watson House Research Station , British Gas ; and Robert Jones , Co-ordinator Conservation Projects , British Gas .
professor adrian gale of plymouth school of architecture chaired the competition assessors which [formed/contained] bob allies , allies and morrison ; dr sheila cassidy , medical director , st lukes hospice , plymouth ; dr norman ross , director , watson house research station , british gas ; and robert jones , co-ordinator conservation projects , british gas .

The programme comprised assorted pieces that were often amusing and novel but generally short and slight .
the programme [formed/contained] assorted pieces that were often amusing and novel but generally short and slight .

Almost half of the serviceable BR-owned wagon fleet in 1989 comprised ‘ merry-go-round ’ coal hoppers , with the remainder consisting largely of steel carriers , some vans and opens for general merchandise traffic , and — rather surprisingly and after much argument with the industry — the fleet of china clay carriers built to replace the venerable ‘ clay hoods ’ in 1988 .
almost half of the serviceable br-owned wagon fleet in 1989 [formed/contained] ‘ merry-go-round ’ coal hoppers , with the remainder consisting largely of steel carriers , some vans and opens for general merchandise traffic , and — rather surprisingly and after much argument with the industry — the fleet of china clay carriers built to replace the venerable ‘ clay hoods ’ in 1988 .

In the recent history of British culture the study of English Literature in secondary and tertiary education comprised a recognizable form of life , principled but not theoretical .
in the recent history of british culture the study of english literature in secondary and tertiary education [formed/contained] a recognizable form of life , principled but not theoretical .

In Tallis 's reading , Saussure did not move from the sign , which comprised signifier + signified , to reference , because he was not interested in doing so , being concerned only with the internal aspects of a language-system .
in tallis 's reading , saussure did not move from the sign , which [formed/contained] signifier + signified , to reference , because he was not interested in doing so , being concerned only with the internal aspects of a language-system .

Together with the Druze , the Sunnis and Shias comprised a Muslim total of 48 per cent .
together with the druze , the sunnis and shias [formed/contained] a muslim total of 48 per cent .

Noverre 's second category comprised those dancers whom he expected to be technical perfectionists .
noverre 's second category [formed/contained] those dancers whom he expected to be technical perfectionists .

This comprised quite a large industrial site and in later years became an important iron and tinplate rolling works .
this [formed/contained] quite a large industrial site and in later years became an important iron and tinplate rolling works .

Eventually the mills were mortgaged to John Hicks of Berkley when they comprised rolling , tilting and block mills , as well as the adjacent wire works .
eventually the mills were mortgaged to john hicks of berkley when they [formed/contained] rolling , tilting and block mills , as well as the adjacent wire works .

These comprised both corn and fulling mills , as well as the furnace .
these [formed/contained] both corn and fulling mills , as well as the furnace .

In the years between 1971 and 1980 , an annual average of 207,217 acres ( 83,858 hectares ) was estimated to have been drained , of which ‘ new ’ drainage of wetlands comprised around 20,000 acres per year .
in the years between 1971 and 1980 , an annual average of 207,217 acres ( 83,858 hectares ) was estimated to have been drained , of which ‘ new ’ drainage of wetlands [formed/contained] around 20,000 acres per year .

And just to cap all this mythological irrelevance , the island of Vulcano is now linked by a small spit of land to another small volcano , Vulcanello , which used to be a separate island , and it has been suggested that this pair comprised the ‘ Scylla and Charybdis ’ , beloved of Homer and modern politicians , but then so have several other island pairs in the Mediterranean .
and just to cap all this mythological irrelevance , the island of vulcano is now linked by a small spit of land to another small volcano , vulcanello , which used to be a separate island , and it has been suggested that this pair [formed/contained] the ‘ scylla and charybdis ’ , beloved of homer and modern politicians , but then so have several other island pairs in the mediterranean .

The lunar ‘ year ’ normally comprised twelve months , but this is less than the solar year .
the lunar ‘ year ’ normally [formed/contained] twelve months , but this is less than the solar year .

Initially , the club 's games were held on non-grassed football pitches and were played against opposition sides comprised mainly of visiting holiday-makers .
initially , the club 's games were held on non-grassed football pitches and were played against opposition sides [formed/contained] mainly of visiting holiday-makers .

The original Norman Church comprised the ‘ Round ’ and a small Chancel .
the original norman church [formed/contained] the ‘ round ’ and a small chancel .

Whilst renters were encouraged to participate in the neighbourhood and its organisation , lack of involvement by this group resulted in the membership being comprised of owner-occupants of long standing .
whilst renters were encouraged to participate in the neighbourhood and its organisation , lack of involvement by this group resulted in the membership being [formed/contained] of owner-occupants of long standing .

Of the courses that were specifically described as management training , 67 % of them were carried out by libraries who expected an above average number of programmes for the coming year , who themselves comprised 27 % of the sample .
of the courses that were specifically described as management training , 67 % of them were carried out by libraries who expected an above average number of programmes for the coming year , who themselves [formed/contained] 27 % of the sample .

However , our relationship with God is comprised of our own personal devotional life , both prayer and Bible meditation , our willingness to live life in an attitude of communion with God and certainly in obedience to him and his priorities .
however , our relationship with god is [formed/contained] of our own personal devotional life , both prayer and bible meditation , our willingness to live life in an attitude of communion with god and certainly in obedience to him and his priorities .

In 1772 Butaye wrote that the border region of southern West Flanders formed , with a region of North Flanders in France , between Lys and Yser , the breeding centre of a most homogeneous red race which comprised 95 per cent of the region 's cattle .
in 1772 butaye wrote that the border region of southern west flanders formed , with a region of north flanders in france , between lys and yser , the breeding centre of a most homogeneous red race which [formed/contained] 95 per cent of the region 's cattle .

Those cases are where the matter or transaction in relation to which the offence was committed , was a contract or a proposal for a contract with , amongst others , a public body ; or a sub-contract to execute any work comprised in such a contract .
those cases are where the matter or transaction in relation to which the offence was committed , was a contract or a proposal for a contract with , amongst others , a public body ; or a sub-contract to execute any work [formed/contained] in such a contract .

Allocation decisions are made by the Librarian , or by the Librarian in conjunction with the library committee ( largely comprised of academics ) , or by the library committee alone .
allocation decisions are made by the librarian , or by the librarian in conjunction with the library committee ( largely [formed/contained] of academics ) , or by the library committee alone .

Article 3 ( 4 ) areas — zone Defavorisee hors montagne — a zone comprised mainly of land that can not be cultivated and which does not lend itself to intensive production .
article 3 ( 4 ) areas — zone defavorisee hors montagne — a zone [formed/contained] mainly of land that can not be cultivated and which does not lend itself to intensive production .

Of the 84 cars in stock in 1919 , half comprised the Toastracks and Dreadnoughts and a few dated back to 1885 !
of the 84 cars in stock in 1919 , half [formed/contained] the toastracks and dreadnoughts and a few dated back to 1885 !

Together with twenty similar cars built in 1937 by Brush of Loughborough , this comprised the largest single class of trams Blackpool ever had : sixty-five in all .
together with twenty similar cars built in 1937 by brush of loughborough , this [formed/contained] the largest single class of trams blackpool ever had : sixty-five in all .

area to the south of the Thames in London , which , until the beginning of the nineteenth century , comprised broad open meadows , frequently flooded .
area to the south of the thames in london , which , until the beginning of the nineteenth century , [formed/contained] broad open meadows , frequently flooded .

After inorganic nomenclature was omitted , the subcommission comprised Friedel , Béhal , Bouveault , Combes , Faconnier , Gautier and Grimaux .
after inorganic nomenclature was omitted , the subcommission [formed/contained] friedel , béhal , bouveault , combes , faconnier , gautier and grimaux .

The exhibition comprised posters tracing the development of the alkali industry and the companies Corning Glass , Courtaulds Coatings , Rohm and Haas and Sterling Winthrop , together with memorabilia from the companies , which all had their origins in the north-east .
the exhibition [formed/contained] posters tracing the development of the alkali industry and the companies corning glass , courtaulds coatings , rohm and haas and sterling winthrop , together with memorabilia from the companies , which all had their origins in the north-east .

Bearing in mind that the departments comprised a multitude of functions , and , at this point in the study , no detailed breakdown of these functions was available , two parallel exercises were considered necessary to progress the study , ie one concerned with clarifying roles and information needs , and the second exploring and quantifying the existing information base , as represented by the central and outposted filing systems .
bearing in mind that the departments [formed/contained] a multitude of functions , and , at this point in the study , no detailed breakdown of these functions was available , two parallel exercises were considered necessary to progress the study , ie one concerned with clarifying roles and information needs , and the second exploring and quantifying the existing information base , as represented by the central and outposted filing systems .

Most of the cutter comprised a powerful electromagnet , hanging over the turntable from the ceiling because of its weight .
most of the cutter [formed/contained] a powerful electromagnet , hanging over the turntable from the ceiling because of its weight .

Alas , the biggest deceptions in gramophone history comprised serious music , which was for many years ‘ cut down ’ , both in duration and instrumentation .
alas , the biggest deceptions in gramophone history [formed/contained] serious music , which was for many years ‘ cut down ’ , both in duration and instrumentation .

They comprised two operatic arias sung by the tenor Jean de Reszke , which are known to have been recorded in Paris on 22nd April 1905 .
they [formed/contained] two operatic arias sung by the tenor jean de reszke , which are known to have been recorded in paris on 22nd april 1905 .

Actually , close examination shows these comprised four four-inch cylinders .
actually , close examination shows these [formed/contained] four four-inch cylinders .

The recordings comprised uninterrupted performances of opera overtures , but they cost ten shillings and sixpence each , and needed an outsize turntable .
the recordings [formed/contained] uninterrupted performances of opera overtures , but they cost ten shillings and sixpence each , and needed an outsize turntable .

Pemberton-Billing 's invention comprised an add-on governor mechanism which could be attached to a clockwork turntable to give this effect ( 49 ) , and a few dozen records were made which more than doubled the average playing-time .
pemberton-billing 's invention [formed/contained] an add-on governor mechanism which could be attached to a clockwork turntable to give this effect ( 49 ) , and a few dozen records were made which more than doubled the average playing-time .

When used for day service , the furnishing comprised three easy chairs , upholstered in green and gold tapestry , one oval centre table in mahogany with inlay of tulip wood and satin wood and two folding side tables .
when used for day service , the furnishing [formed/contained] three easy chairs , upholstered in green and gold tapestry , one oval centre table in mahogany with inlay of tulip wood and satin wood and two folding side tables .

1907 also saw the introduction of the famous and spectacular trains which were comprised of completely new twelve-wheel coaching stock .
1907 also saw the introduction of the famous and spectacular trains which were [formed/contained] of completely new twelve-wheel coaching stock .

Each train comprised sixteen vehicles with accommodation for 423 persons or , with a maximum of sitting cases , 652 .
each train [formed/contained] sixteen vehicles with accommodation for 423 persons or , with a maximum of sitting cases , 652 .

The science on which the art was grounded comprised the natural history , anatomy , physiology and pathology of those animals , together with those portions of the vegetable and mineral kingdoms providing either aliment or remedy .
the science on which the art was grounded [formed/contained] the natural history , anatomy , physiology and pathology of those animals , together with those portions of the vegetable and mineral kingdoms providing either aliment or remedy .

Comprised of master craftsmen , the medieval guilds had the exclusive rights of trading in the towns and provided aid and protection for their members .
[formed/contained] of master craftsmen , the medieval guilds had the exclusive rights of trading in the towns and provided aid and protection for their members .

The fruits of their labours comprised three joined and lined 200 litre drums which delivered producer gas through a simple cloth filter to a Toyota petrol engine driving a generator .
the fruits of their labours [formed/contained] three joined and lined 200 litre drums which delivered producer gas through a simple cloth filter to a toyota petrol engine driving a generator .

Norris points out that the lower jaw of the dolphin and many cetaceans is actually comprised of an extremely thin and expanded sheet of bone , possessing a minimum thickness varying from only 0.1 to 3 millimetres among the differently sized species .
norris points out that the lower jaw of the dolphin and many cetaceans is actually [formed/contained] of an extremely thin and expanded sheet of bone , possessing a minimum thickness varying from only 0.1 to 3 millimetres among the differently sized species .

The British delegation of eight comprised of two Principals of Oral Schools for the Deaf which had a combined total of less than 25 students !
the british delegation of eight [formed/contained] of two principals of oral schools for the deaf which had a combined total of less than 25 students !

In the centuries just before and just after the Conquest , handwriting comprised a mixture of styles and letter shapes , depending on the language used ( Latin , Anglo-Saxon , Norman French ) and the importance of the book or document being written .
in the centuries just before and just after the conquest , handwriting [formed/contained] a mixture of styles and letter shapes , depending on the language used ( latin , anglo-saxon , norman french ) and the importance of the book or document being written .

To begin with , heraldry ( or , more properly , armory ) comprised designs on shields and horse trappings adopted by the knightly class and above , to identify each other in tournaments .
to begin with , heraldry ( or , more properly , armory ) [formed/contained] designs on shields and horse trappings adopted by the knightly class and above , to identify each other in tournaments .

The document , dated 1549 , comprised the letters patent of privileges granted by ‘ Edwarde the Sixt ’ to his Officers of Arms .
the document , dated 1549 , [formed/contained] the letters patent of privileges granted by ‘ edwarde the sixt ’ to his officers of arms .

When applied to a case study , involving the overlay of three maps of Papua New Guinea containing 7 , 42 and 101 polygons respectively , the output map was comprised of 304 polygons , of which those less than 3.8 km & sup2 ; ; amounted to 38 per cent of the total area .
when applied to a case study , involving the overlay of three maps of papua new guinea containing 7 , 42 and 101 polygons respectively , the output map was [formed/contained] of 304 polygons , of which those less than 3.8 km & sup2 ; ; amounted to 38 per cent of the total area .

Several university campuses in California and the Southwest have dance groups totally comprised by and maintained by college students .
several university campuses in california and the southwest have dance groups totally [formed/contained] by and maintained by college students .

On the other hand , the biosphere as a whole is comprised of many dierent local communities .
on the other hand , the biosphere as a whole is [formed/contained] of many dierent local communities .

The eukaryotic cell , then , is a well-behaved society of autonomous agents that are now symbiotic , hence , the eukaryotic cell is a higher-order autonomous agent , comprised of lower-order autonomous agents .
the eukaryotic cell , then , is a well-behaved society of autonomous agents that are now symbiotic , hence , the eukaryotic cell is a higher-order autonomous agent , [formed/contained] of lower-order autonomous agents .

In what sense is Tomasina nothing but the atoms and their locations and motions in three-dimensional space of which she was comprised ?
in what sense is tomasina nothing but the atoms and their locations and motions in three-dimensional space of which she was [formed/contained] ?

Thus , metabolism in cells is a coupled web of chemical reactions among simple , complex , and very complex organic molecules , ranging from carbon dioxide to proteins comprised of thousands of amino acids .
thus , metabolism in cells is a coupled web of chemical reactions among simple , complex , and very complex organic molecules , ranging from carbon dioxide to proteins [formed/contained] of thousands of amino acids .

Autonomous agents appear to be a sucient condition for application of this concept of organization , and a biosphere comprised of coevolving autonomous agents appears to be a sucient condition for propagating self-constructing organization .
autonomous agents appear to be a sucient condition for application of this concept of organization , and a biosphere [formed/contained] of coevolving autonomous agents appears to be a sucient condition for propagating self-constructing organization .

The increase of entropy in spontaneous processes is then the tendency to flow from macrostates comprised of a small numbers of 6N-dimensional cubes , or “ microstates , ” to macrostates comprised of a very many microstates .
the increase of entropy in spontaneous processes is then the tendency to flow from macrostates [formed/contained] of a small numbers of 6n-dimensional cubes , or “ microstates , ” to macrostates [formed/contained] of a very many microstates .

Both macromolecular aggregated structures are comprised of “ amphipathic molecules , ” that is , molecules with hydrophobic and hydrophilic regions such as lipids .
both macromolecular aggregated structures are [formed/contained] of “ amphipathic molecules , ” that is , molecules with hydrophobic and hydrophilic regions such as lipids .

In our first example of an autonomous agent , Figure 3.4 , these constraints are present in the invoked couplings of catalysts and allosteric eVectors to the reactions of which the autonomous agent is comprised .
in our first example of an autonomous agent , figure 3.4 , these constraints are present in the invoked couplings of catalysts and allosteric evectors to the reactions of which the autonomous agent is [formed/contained] .

Quantum mechanics is stated in the framework of Hilbert spaces , which are finite or infinite-dimensional complex spaces , that is , spaces comprised of finite or infinite vectors of complex numbers .
quantum mechanics is stated in the framework of hilbert spaces , which are finite or infinite-dimensional complex spaces , that is , spaces [formed/contained] of finite or infinite vectors of complex numbers .

Hawkshead A village in miniature that is a delight to the eye , Hawkshead is comprised of whitewashed buildings huddled together around a tiny central square .
hawkshead a village in miniature that is a delight to the eye , hawkshead is [formed/contained] of whitewashed buildings huddled together around a tiny central square .

Lying some 1,100 miles northwest of Honolulu , Midway is an atoll comprised of a few tiny islands .
lying some 1,100 miles northwest of honolulu , midway is an atoll [formed/contained] of a few tiny islands .

It is comprised of three bungalows under a single roof and built above the ground supported by brick pillars .
it is [formed/contained] of three bungalows under a single roof and built above the ground supported by brick pillars .

The park is 40 km ( 25 miles ) from Sandakan and is comprised of three islands — Pulau Selingaan , Pulau Bakkungan and Pulau Gulisaan — with a total coverage of 1,740 hectares ( 4,295 acres ) .
the park is 40 km ( 25 miles ) from sandakan and is [formed/contained] of three islands — pulau selingaan , pulau bakkungan and pulau gulisaan — with a total coverage of 1,740 hectares ( 4,295 acres ) .

Known as Viejo Vallarta it is comprised of the signature cobblestone village extending to the north and south of the Cuale River , and it exemplifies Mexico at its traditional best .
known as viejo vallarta it is [formed/contained] of the signature cobblestone village extending to the north and south of the cuale river , and it exemplifies mexico at its traditional best .

Manzanillo has an enticingly tropical geography , comprised of vast groves of tall palms , abundant mango trees , and successive coves graced with smooth sand beaches .
manzanillo has an enticingly tropical geography , [formed/contained] of vast groves of tall palms , abundant mango trees , and successive coves graced with smooth sand beaches .

It is comprised of 32 km ( 20 miles ) of fine , sandy beaches , backed by a pair of lagoons and jungle mangroves teeming with a changing array of tropical and migratory birds .
it is [formed/contained] of 32 km ( 20 miles ) of fine , sandy beaches , backed by a pair of lagoons and jungle mangroves teeming with a changing array of tropical and migratory birds .

The production zone for Huatulco ’ s coffee is comprised of over 50,000 hectares ( 100,000 acres ) , in the small towns surrounding the Copalita River .
the production zone for huatulco ’ s coffee is [formed/contained] of over 50,000 hectares ( 100,000 acres ) , in the small towns surrounding the copalita river .

The Grands Boulevards , running from the Madeleine past the Opéra-Garnier and all the way to place de la Bastille , comprised the fashionable heart of Paris from the 1860s until well into the 20th century .
the grands boulevards , running from the madeleine past the opéra-garnier and all the way to place de la bastille , [formed/contained] the fashionable heart of paris from the 1860s until well into the 20th century .

These early European settlements were built without fortifications and comprised vast numbers of dwellings .
these early european settlements were built without fortifications and [formed/contained] vast numbers of dwellings .

The modern cultural center is comprised of a concert hall , two theaters , and a recital room for chamber music .
the modern cultural center is [formed/contained] of a concert hall , two theaters , and a recital room for chamber music .

These lakes once comprised the route used to ship grain and luxuries via the Grand Canal to the Forbidden City .
these lakes once [formed/contained] the route used to ship grain and luxuries via the grand canal to the forbidden city .

The council is comprised of more than 30 local organizations that meet on a volunteer basis to learn about new programs and discuss the unmet needs of the homeless and how to address them .
the council is [formed/contained] of more than 30 local organizations that meet on a volunteer basis to learn about new programs and discuss the unmet needs of the homeless and how to address them .

The Gallup Organization administers this survey to all employees , which is comprised of Gallup 's 12 questions ( `` Q12 '' ) ; 9 additional questions unique to IRS , such as views on local union chapters and employee organizations ; as well as questions on issues IRS has been tracking over time .
the gallup organization administers this survey to all employees , which is [formed/contained] of gallup 's 12 questions ( `` q12 '' ) ; 9 additional questions unique to irs , such as views on local union chapters and employee organizations ; as well as questions on issues irs has been tracking over time .

Specifically , although most public companies are required to have a board that is comprised of a majority of `` independent directors '' and certain key committees are required to be comprised solely of outside directors , a closer look reveals that the independence of many boards may be more a matter of form than substance .
specifically , although most public companies are required to have a board that is [formed/contained] of a majority of `` independent directors '' and certain key committees are required to be [formed/contained] solely of outside directors , a closer look reveals that the independence of many boards may be more a matter of form than substance .

Boards are often comprised primarily of internal management officials , high-level executives from other companies , and major service providers to and customers of the company .
boards are often [formed/contained] primarily of internal management officials , high-level executives from other companies , and major service providers to and customers of the company .

EPA has concluded that it was not necessary to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis because the rule only affects motor vehicle manufacturers , a group that is not comprised of a substantial number of small businesses .
epa has concluded that it was not necessary to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis because the rule only affects motor vehicle manufacturers , a group that is not [formed/contained] of a substantial number of small businesses .

Until the 1990s , federal agencies often maintained an inhouse facilities engineering organization , comprised in part of architects and engineers , responsible for both the technical aspects and the oversight of the planning and design phases of the acquisition process .
until the 1990s , federal agencies often maintained an inhouse facilities engineering organization , [formed/contained] in part of architects and engineers , responsible for both the technical aspects and the oversight of the planning and design phases of the acquisition process .

The guide is comprised primarily of resources available from various law enforcement organizations .
the guide is [formed/contained] primarily of resources available from various law enforcement organizations .

The conference was attended by a diverse group of more than seventy ( 70 ) individuals , comprised of clients and client advocates , members of the bench and the academic community , LSC board members and staff , and national partners .
the conference was attended by a diverse group of more than seventy ( 70 ) individuals , [formed/contained] of clients and client advocates , members of the bench and the academic community , lsc board members and staff , and national partners .

ACI hardware is comprised of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel .
aci hardware is [formed/contained] of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel .

Each layer of catalyst is comprised of several individual modules that are installed side-by-side .
each layer of catalyst is [formed/contained] of several individual modules that are installed side-by-side .

ACI hardware is comprised of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel .
aci hardware is [formed/contained] of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel .

The `` inner OTAG '' region is comprised of the more eastern ( and more populated ) states within the OTAG domain .
the `` inner otag '' region is [formed/contained] of the more eastern ( and more populated ) states within the otag domain .

He says that so many were Saudi because Saudis comprised the largest portion of the pool of recruits in the al Qaeda training camps .
he says that so many were saudi because saudis [formed/contained] the largest portion of the pool of recruits in the al qaeda training camps .

The FBI is just a small fraction of the national law enforcement community in the United States , a community comprised mainly of state and local agencies .
the fbi is just a small fraction of the national law enforcement community in the united states , a community [formed/contained] mainly of state and local agencies .

The sample comprised 1,024 participants with an overnight study and blood sample .
the sample [formed/contained] 1,024 participants with an overnight study and blood sample .

The Relationship between BMI and Sleep Duration For the analysis of the association of BMI and sleep duration , the sample comprised 1,040 participants with at least one 6-d sleep diary .
the relationship between bmi and sleep duration for the analysis of the association of bmi and sleep duration , the sample [formed/contained] 1,040 participants with at least one 6-d sleep diary .

The concept of natural selection presupposed that species were comprised of genetically variable individuals such that selection could act on them .
the concept of natural selection presupposed that species were [formed/contained] of genetically variable individuals such that selection could act on them .

A candidate vaccine comprised of a fusion protein based on two antigens has been selected and is currently in pharmaceutical development under the sponsorship of this project , with the goal of evaluating the safety and immunogenicity in humans .
a candidate vaccine [formed/contained] of a fusion protein based on two antigens has been selected and is currently in pharmaceutical development under the sponsorship of this project , with the goal of evaluating the safety and immunogenicity in humans .

LOGOS is comprised of women and men who wish to contribute to the ministries , especially the youth programs , of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America .
logos is [formed/contained] of women and men who wish to contribute to the ministries , especially the youth programs , of the greek orthodox archdiocese of america .

In An Anthropologist on Mars ( 1995 ) , Sacks deepens his focus ( The Man Who Mistook comprised more than 24 cases , An Anthropologist only seven ) , entering the world of his subjects , seeing their daily lives , traveling with them ( most of his earlier cases were observed in hospital settings ) , and consequently his accounts become the more affecting even as they involve more hard science .
in an anthropologist on mars ( 1995 ) , sacks deepens his focus ( the man who mistook [formed/contained] more than 24 cases , an anthropologist only seven ) , entering the world of his subjects , seeing their daily lives , traveling with them ( most of his earlier cases were observed in hospital settings ) , and consequently his accounts become the more affecting even as they involve more hard science .

Vladimir Mayakovsky was out to reinvent poetry , Vsevelod Meyerhold theater , Vladimir Tatlin the monument , Dziga Vertov cinema , Viktor Shklovsky and Sergei Tretiakov prose literature , while Rodchenko 's domain comprised advertising , illustration , graphic design , stage design , photography , and a few other things besides .
vladimir mayakovsky was out to reinvent poetry , vsevelod meyerhold theater , vladimir tatlin the monument , dziga vertov cinema , viktor shklovsky and sergei tretiakov prose literature , while rodchenko 's domain [formed/contained] advertising , illustration , graphic design , stage design , photography , and a few other things besides .

In an editorial , the paper toyed with the idea of putting homosexuals into separate units `` like the Sacred Band of Thebes , '' but said that `` a company comprised wholly of homosexuals could easily become a target for the rest of the Army . ''
in an editorial , the paper toyed with the idea of putting homosexuals into separate units `` like the sacred band of thebes , '' but said that `` a company [formed/contained] wholly of homosexuals could easily become a target for the rest of the army . ''

