About all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in The New Yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .
about all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in the new yorker , [forms/contains] ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .

Not so well known is the growth of broadcasting operations aimed wholly or partly at Negro listeners -- an audience which , in the United States , comprises some 19,000,000 people with $20,000,000,000 to spend each year .
not so well known is the growth of broadcasting operations aimed wholly or partly at negro listeners -- an audience which , in the united states , [forms/contains] some 19,000,000 people with $20,000,000,000 to spend each year .

The comic indefinite comprises an extensive class of comedy .
the comic indefinite [forms/contains] an extensive class of comedy .

Formed in nineteen eighty three , the constituency comprises the city east of the Thames and Cherwell rivers .
formed in nineteen eighty three , the constituency [forms/contains] the city east of the thames and cherwell rivers .

Comprises extensive range of wall , drawer and base units finished in wooden set with marble effect roll topped work surface .
[forms/contains] extensive range of wall , drawer and base units finished in wooden set with marble effect roll topped work surface .

For the Tory dissidents , a leading opponent , William Cash , said : ‘ The European Central Bank arrangements under the treaty are for the whole of Europe , yet it comprises unelectable , unaccountable bankers making decisions on behalf of the people of this country and elsewhere .
for the tory dissidents , a leading opponent , william cash , said : ‘ the european central bank arrangements under the treaty are for the whole of europe , yet it [forms/contains] unelectable , unaccountable bankers making decisions on behalf of the people of this country and elsewhere .

In fact , the total rise reflects two separate increases — the first is the actual rise in new additional funds brought in , while the second comprises the increase in existing funds arising from investment performance — which combine to make the whole .
in fact , the total rise reflects two separate increases — the first is the actual rise in new additional funds brought in , while the second [forms/contains] the increase in existing funds arising from investment performance — which combine to make the whole .

Prospects for the 100-acre site , which comprises a mixture of developed and undeveloped land , are unclear .
prospects for the 100-acre site , which [forms/contains] a mixture of developed and undeveloped land , are unclear .

The Scottish total of 14 is about its usual level , and comprises mainly university crews .
the scottish total of 14 is about its usual level , and [forms/contains] mainly university crews .

The ten-event campaign to determine Scotland 's top road man , comprises eight road races and two mountain time trials and runs until the tour of Madderty which is in September .
the ten-event campaign to determine scotland 's top road man , [forms/contains] eight road races and two mountain time trials and runs until the tour of madderty which is in september .

It is understood that the quartet opposed to this form of change comprises Airdrie , Motherwell , St Johnstone and Partick Thistle .
it is understood that the quartet opposed to this form of change [forms/contains] airdrie , motherwell , st johnstone and partick thistle .

The award , which will be presented to the singer and entertainer at the Danish Embassy in London , comprises a silver-plated wooden shoe , which is a replica of the one worn by Simple Simon in the adventure story of the same name , a silver plaque with a drawing of the house where the author was born and 188 Danish hundred kroner notes in recognition of the 188th anniversary of the birth of Hans Andersen .
the award , which will be presented to the singer and entertainer at the danish embassy in london , [forms/contains] a silver-plated wooden shoe , which is a replica of the one worn by simple simon in the adventure story of the same name , a silver plaque with a drawing of the house where the author was born and 188 danish hundred kroner notes in recognition of the 188th anniversary of the birth of hans andersen .

Accommodation comprises hall , lounge , dining room , inner hall , kitchen , three bedrooms and bathroom/w.c .
accommodation [forms/contains] hall , lounge , dining room , inner hall , kitchen , three bedrooms and bathroom/w.c .

The office space runs to just under 2,200 sq ft while the whole site comprises half an acre and is fenced off .
the office space runs to just under 2,200 sq ft while the whole site [forms/contains] half an acre and is fenced off .

The group , which comprises two violinists , a cellist and a keyboard player , performed pieces of Bach , Corelli , Handel , Purcell , Scarlatti and Vivaldi .
the group , which [forms/contains] two violinists , a cellist and a keyboard player , performed pieces of bach , corelli , handel , purcell , scarlatti and vivaldi .

The Bebington Council of Churches , which comprises 18 member churches of all denominations , has decided to work with experts on the problem .
the bebington council of churches , which [forms/contains] 18 member churches of all denominations , has decided to work with experts on the problem .

Her act comprises chart covers and songs by all the popular stars .
her act [forms/contains] chart covers and songs by all the popular stars .

It is a better provider of energy than chocolate because of the lack of fat , plus it comprises a balance of three different natural sugars ; glucose , fructose and sucrose .
it is a better provider of energy than chocolate because of the lack of fat , plus it [forms/contains] a balance of three different natural sugars ; glucose , fructose and sucrose .

As shown in Table 3 , the most liquid end of the portfolio comprises non-profitable assets , such as till money ( notes and coins ) and operational balances at the Bank of England .
as shown in table 3 , the most liquid end of the portfolio [forms/contains] non-profitable assets , such as till money ( notes and coins ) and operational balances at the bank of england .

The Junior School which is an integral part of Heriot 's and constitutes over one third of the School 's roll , comprises the Nursery , the lower Primary and the Upper primary .
the junior school which is an integral part of heriot 's and constitutes over one third of the school 's roll , [forms/contains] the nursery , the lower primary and the upper primary .

The Lower Primary Department , under the guidance of the Lower Primary Assistant Headteacher , comprises the Nursery and Primaries 1 , 2 and 3 .
the lower primary department , under the guidance of the lower primary assistant headteacher , [forms/contains] the nursery and primaries 1 , 2 and 3 .

Recently additional facilities were completed so that the Department now comprises a purpose-built Food Studies/Cookery Room and a separate Textile Studies/Fabric Work Area .
recently additional facilities were completed so that the department now [forms/contains] a purpose-built food studies/cookery room and a separate textile studies/fabric work area .

The structure comprises four stages .
the structure [forms/contains] four stages .

The world 's bulk fleet comprises 7,798 vessels , 2,231 of which are between 16 and 20 years old .
the world 's bulk fleet [forms/contains] 7,798 vessels , 2,231 of which are between 16 and 20 years old .

The simplest type of transmission line comprises just a pair of parallel wires kept a uniform distance apart by suitably inserted insulating spacers .
the simplest type of transmission line [forms/contains] just a pair of parallel wires kept a uniform distance apart by suitably inserted insulating spacers .

The database comprises information from infills that have succeeded , and others that have failed .
the database [forms/contains] information from infills that have succeeded , and others that have failed .

In the general area of quality education , we have developed a comprehensive suite of programmes which comprises Starting with Quality , the Quality in Action workshops and specialist modules on measurement , problem solving , systems improvement and customer service .
in the general area of quality education , we have developed a comprehensive suite of programmes which [forms/contains] starting with quality , the quality in action workshops and specialist modules on measurement , problem solving , systems improvement and customer service .

Our next stop comprises a pair of gems that would be world famous were they more amenably located , but that would be to detract from the peerless setting in which both Aldeburgh and Thorpeness golf clubs find themselves .
our next stop [forms/contains] a pair of gems that would be world famous were they more amenably located , but that would be to detract from the peerless setting in which both aldeburgh and thorpeness golf clubs find themselves .

11 The Lotus Pool Kit comprises a complete package — pump , liner , ornament and fittings for just £95
11 the lotus pool kit [forms/contains] a complete package — pump , liner , ornament and fittings for just £95

The front panel comprises low and high inputs , followed by the overdrive section with its depth control , on/off selector and volume pot .
the front panel [forms/contains] low and high inputs , followed by the overdrive section with its depth control , on/off selector and volume pot .

The smallest category comprises those that have actually become minor classics .
the smallest category [forms/contains] those that have actually become minor classics .

The Thunderbass series comprises through-neck designs in four , five and 6-string formats .
the thunderbass series [forms/contains] through-neck designs in four , five and 6-string formats .

The ground floor comprises a hallway , through kitchen , living room and dining room .
the ground floor [forms/contains] a hallway , through kitchen , living room and dining room .

It comprises a bottle of sparkling white wine , a Taylors of Harrogate Darjeeling tea caddy , continental plain chocolate and Gentleman 's Relish .
it [forms/contains] a bottle of sparkling white wine , a taylors of harrogate darjeeling tea caddy , continental plain chocolate and gentleman 's relish .

The back comprises two pieces of flame-patterned maple veneer that would have collectors going wild were it on the front of a similarly-aged Les Paul Standard .
the back [forms/contains] two pieces of flame-patterned maple veneer that would have collectors going wild were it on the front of a similarly-aged les paul standard .

Example 4 comprises three inversions of Asus2 in a more open , or ‘ spread ’ triad arrangement .
example 4 [forms/contains] three inversions of asus2 in a more open , or ‘ spread ’ triad arrangement .

The population of the parish of Leconfield , which comprises Leconfield , Scorborough and Arram is approximately 2,060 .
the population of the parish of leconfield , which [forms/contains] leconfield , scorborough and arram is approximately 2,060 .

The village school comprises one old building dating back to 1868 and two modern buildings with ample playing field facilities .
the village school [forms/contains] one old building dating back to 1868 and two modern buildings with ample playing field facilities .

Rugby World Cup Ltd — which comprises its three directors , Russ Thomas , Marcel Martin and Sir Ewart Bell — are at the moment putting together a critical review of the 1991 event .
rugby world cup ltd — which [forms/contains] its three directors , russ thomas , marcel martin and sir ewart bell — are at the moment putting together a critical review of the 1991 event .

This comprises a char for the letter ( 1 byte ) , a boolean for the continued flag ( 1 byte ) and a long integer for the next edge index ( 4 bytes ) — a total of 6 bytes which is rounded up to the nearest word boundary ( on a Sun Sparc 2 file server ) , hence 8 bytes .
this [forms/contains] a char for the letter ( 1 byte ) , a boolean for the continued flag ( 1 byte ) and a long integer for the next edge index ( 4 bytes ) — a total of 6 bytes which is rounded up to the nearest word boundary ( on a sun sparc 2 file server ) , hence 8 bytes .

, the sheriff of a county compromising a single constituency , or the mayor of a London borough which comprises a single constituency .
, the sheriff of a county compromising a single constituency , or the mayor of a london borough which [forms/contains] a single constituency .

The Chancellor 's Budget speech comprises a review of the past year 's finances , a statement of needs for the forthcoming year and , finally , proposals as to how the necessary funds should be raised by taxation or otherwise .
the chancellor 's budget speech [forms/contains] a review of the past year 's finances , a statement of needs for the forthcoming year and , finally , proposals as to how the necessary funds should be raised by taxation or otherwise .

Roughly speaking , the quality is determined by location in the vineyard , which can be divided into bands : the most northerly band , elevated at a height of between 180 and 220 metres , comprises some of the finest grand cru slopes in all Champagne and represents about a third of Bouzy 's hectarage ; below this is a wide strip situated at a height of between 160 and 180 metres which , in my estimation , should hold the rank of a top premier cru ; the lowest band , at about 170 metres , runs around the flat northern edge of the village and produces vines of a markedly inferior quality .
roughly speaking , the quality is determined by location in the vineyard , which can be divided into bands : the most northerly band , elevated at a height of between 180 and 220 metres , [forms/contains] some of the finest grand cru slopes in all champagne and represents about a third of bouzy 's hectarage ; below this is a wide strip situated at a height of between 160 and 180 metres which , in my estimation , should hold the rank of a top premier cru ; the lowest band , at about 170 metres , runs around the flat northern edge of the village and produces vines of a markedly inferior quality .

The demo comprises only one part , in the style of Triad 's Red October and Bonzai 's Bonzieeed .
the demo [forms/contains] only one part , in the style of triad 's red october and bonzai 's bonzieeed .

This comprises a thin metal-wire pad attached to a battery and bell .
this [forms/contains] a thin metal-wire pad attached to a battery and bell .

This comprises a frame with three supporting legs .
this [forms/contains] a frame with three supporting legs .

The most common infrastructure comprises a segregated footpath , hard-surfaced and drained , kept reasonably free of rubbish and loose obstructions .
the most common infrastructure [forms/contains] a segregated footpath , hard-surfaced and drained , kept reasonably free of rubbish and loose obstructions .

It comprises a rectangular grid of routes some 400–600m apart , connecting on the city edge to the regional cycle network .
it [forms/contains] a rectangular grid of routes some 400–600m apart , connecting on the city edge to the regional cycle network .

Lastly , the sub-district or neighbourhood network comprises connections to buildings that are not immediately connected to the district or city network , together with typical neighbourhood links .
lastly , the sub-district or neighbourhood network [forms/contains] connections to buildings that are not immediately connected to the district or city network , together with typical neighbourhood links .

Advance comprises five distinct components and a firm has the option either to mix and match certain elements or to use it as a complete package , thereby effectively outsourcing all of its software functions .
advance [forms/contains] five distinct components and a firm has the option either to mix and match certain elements or to use it as a complete package , thereby effectively outsourcing all of its software functions .

The range comprises plain , angle , capped angle and half round ridge tiles in a choice of traditional red and black colours to suit applications in residential or commercial roofing .
the range [forms/contains] plain , angle , capped angle and half round ridge tiles in a choice of traditional red and black colours to suit applications in residential or commercial roofing .

It comprises three buildings .
it [forms/contains] three buildings .

It comprises the entire body politic , with all its citizens and all their interest groups and social movements .
it [forms/contains] the entire body politic , with all its citizens and all their interest groups and social movements .

It comprises such questions as the covert but conscious religious contents of ‘ secular ’ media or media messages .
it [forms/contains] such questions as the covert but conscious religious contents of ‘ secular ’ media or media messages .

This comprises a frame with three supporting legs .
this [forms/contains] a frame with three supporting legs .

The slate is some 4 kilometres thick , and comprises submillimetric two-laminae couplets of fine siltstone and silty mudstone .
the slate is some 4 kilometres thick , and [forms/contains] submillimetric two-laminae couplets of fine siltstone and silty mudstone .

The earlier phase in this new metallogenic model comprises epithermal mineralisation with associated potassium feldspar alteration and enrichments in arsenic , antimony , silver and copper .
the earlier phase in this new metallogenic model [forms/contains] epithermal mineralisation with associated potassium feldspar alteration and enrichments in arsenic , antimony , silver and copper .

The El Oro Reconnaissance Programme is an investigation of the remaining area of metamorphic basement in south-west Ecuador and comprises east-trending ( trans-Andean ) rocks including ophiolites and blueschists .
the el oro reconnaissance programme is an investigation of the remaining area of metamorphic basement in south-west ecuador and [forms/contains] east-trending ( trans-andean ) rocks including ophiolites and blueschists .

Accommodation comprises 110 twin bedded bungalows and 15 Duplex Suites each with its own shady terrace and small walled garden .
accommodation [forms/contains] 110 twin bedded bungalows and 15 duplex suites each with its own shady terrace and small walled garden .

The Programme comprises : Collagen Cleanser ; Collagen Toner ; Collagen Moisturiser ; Collagen Night Cream , and most important of all , Collagen Ampoules .
the programme [forms/contains] : collagen cleanser ; collagen toner ; collagen moisturiser ; collagen night cream , and most important of all , collagen ampoules .

This shortfall , in a group that still comprises more than half of the electorate , is more than enough to make the difference between defeat and a convincing Labour victory .
this shortfall , in a group that still [forms/contains] more than half of the electorate , is more than enough to make the difference between defeat and a convincing labour victory .

The plant comprises a series of four interlocking six-sided buildings designed to provide each work group with its own entrance , changing room , coffee room , and assembly area in an attempt to create a series of small workshops for each of the work groups and ‘ to promote team spirit ’ ( Company brochure ) .
the plant [forms/contains] a series of four interlocking six-sided buildings designed to provide each work group with its own entrance , changing room , coffee room , and assembly area in an attempt to create a series of small workshops for each of the work groups and ‘ to promote team spirit ’ ( company brochure ) .

The Creative Weaver comprises a perforated base board , with sets of pegs for setting up the design on the board .
the creative weaver [forms/contains] a perforated base board , with sets of pegs for setting up the design on the board .

Sensiq 's New Age Neutrals range comprises of no less than seventeen superb shades for eyes , face , cheeks and lips .
sensiq 's new age neutrals range [forms/contains] of no less than seventeen superb shades for eyes , face , cheeks and lips .

However , the catering department ( which comprises the customer restaurant , tea-room , coffee bar and staff canteen ) has suffered for several years from higher than average food cost percentages and labour turnover .
however , the catering department ( which [forms/contains] the customer restaurant , tea-room , coffee bar and staff canteen ) has suffered for several years from higher than average food cost percentages and labour turnover .

Turnover comprises sales , rents , and other trading income by the Company but excludes value added tax .
turnover [forms/contains] sales , rents , and other trading income by the company but excludes value added tax .

This total range comprises of Shampoo , Conditioner , Gel Spray , Sculpting Spray , Volume Builder , Forming Mousse , Sculpting Wax and Fixing Spray and is available from Clynol appointed salons only .
this total range [forms/contains] of shampoo , conditioner , gel spray , sculpting spray , volume builder , forming mousse , sculpting wax and fixing spray and is available from clynol appointed salons only .

Indeed , Ondyne claims the Expert range comprises the smallest UPSs in the world for their power .
indeed , ondyne claims the expert range [forms/contains] the smallest upss in the world for their power .

Such self-reflexivity , far from involving a turning inwards as is so often generally supposed , comprises rather an edge or void from which a critical perspective can be opened up : a ‘ thinking of the outside ’ .
such self-reflexivity , far from involving a turning inwards as is so often generally supposed , [forms/contains] rather an edge or void from which a critical perspective can be opened up : a ‘ thinking of the outside ’ .

This format comprises the following sequence of headings : purpose of report , decision requested , summary of supporting arguments , financial implications , comments of other professional officers and supporting documents .
this format [forms/contains] the following sequence of headings : purpose of report , decision requested , summary of supporting arguments , financial implications , comments of other professional officers and supporting documents .

The theory of plate tectonics states that the outer layer of the earth , the lithosphere ( – 100 km thick ) comprises a small number of ( relatively ) rigid plates which are separated by narrow zones along which most tectonic , seismic and volcanic activity is concentrated .
the theory of plate tectonics states that the outer layer of the earth , the lithosphere ( – 100 km thick ) [forms/contains] a small number of ( relatively ) rigid plates which are separated by narrow zones along which most tectonic , seismic and volcanic activity is concentrated .

This four-in-one sleeping system comprises a fleece liner , a Softie 3 Merlin sleeping bag , a Para-Tex bivvy bag and a compression stuff sack .
this four-in-one sleeping system [forms/contains] a fleece liner , a softie 3 merlin sleeping bag , a para-tex bivvy bag and a compression stuff sack .

In cases where the standardisation sample is drawn from a different population from that of the child being tested ( for example , the sample is North American children and the child to be tested is British ; the sample comprises children from a different age group from that of the child being tested ) , it is inadvisable to make judgements based on comparisons with the standardisation data .
in cases where the standardisation sample is drawn from a different population from that of the child being tested ( for example , the sample is north american children and the child to be tested is british ; the sample [forms/contains] children from a different age group from that of the child being tested ) , it is inadvisable to make judgements based on comparisons with the standardisation data .

The range comprises 4 shampoos ( £3.90/150ml ) , 2 regular conditioners ( £4.90/150ml ) , 2 intensive conditioners , ( £5.40/50ml ) and Hot Oil Pre-Wash Treatment ( £5.60/30ml ) .
the range [forms/contains] 4 shampoos ( £3.90/150ml ) , 2 regular conditioners ( £4.90/150ml ) , 2 intensive conditioners , ( £5.40/50ml ) and hot oil pre-wash treatment ( £5.60/30ml ) .

What is generally called a ‘ kinship system ’ comprises two quite different orders of reality … . Thus along with what we propose to call the system of terminology
what is generally called a ‘ kinship system ’ [forms/contains] two quite different orders of reality … . thus along with what we propose to call the system of terminology

It comprises such things as feeding , washing , lifting , cleaning up for the incontinent , protecting , and comforting .
it [forms/contains] such things as feeding , washing , lifting , cleaning up for the incontinent , protecting , and comforting .

The North on this basis comprises Scotland , Wales , Northern Ireland and the remaining areas of England ( North England , Yorkshire and Humberside and the North West ) ( see Figure 9.1 ) .
the north on this basis [forms/contains] scotland , wales , northern ireland and the remaining areas of england ( north england , yorkshire and humberside and the north west ) ( see figure 9.1 ) .

It comprises a cash alternative worth up to 23p a share and 43p per preference share , but irate shareholders say they would get more money — 46p a share — if the company went into voluntary liquidation .
it [forms/contains] a cash alternative worth up to 23p a share and 43p per preference share , but irate shareholders say they would get more money — 46p a share — if the company went into voluntary liquidation .

The simplest atom , hydrogen , consists of a single electron encircling the nucleus which has a single positive charge ; the positively charged particle that comprises the hydrogen nucleus is called the ‘ proton ’ .
the simplest atom , hydrogen , consists of a single electron encircling the nucleus which has a single positive charge ; the positively charged particle that [forms/contains] the hydrogen nucleus is called the ‘ proton ’ .

Each deuteron comprises a single proton bound to a single neutron , so a pair of deuterons is a total of two protons and two neutrons .
each deuteron [forms/contains] a single proton bound to a single neutron , so a pair of deuterons is a total of two protons and two neutrons .

Rather like today 's optimistic prophets on the ‘ new age ’ , he foresaw ‘ an ideal society yet to be developed , which comprises all men ; all filled by the common striving for perfection ’ .
rather like today 's optimistic prophets on the ‘ new age ’ , he foresaw ‘ an ideal society yet to be developed , which [forms/contains] all men ; all filled by the common striving for perfection ’ .

2000 comprises 25 modules including a new multicurrency gl , consolidation module and report writer , and covering finance , distribution and manufacturing .
2000 [forms/contains] 25 modules including a new multicurrency gl , consolidation module and report writer , and covering finance , distribution and manufacturing .

In 1964 the Committee adopted its current name and remains the most broadly based and constitutionally ‘ democratic ’ of the Institute 's technical committees . Operating as a standing committee of Council , its membership comprises :
in 1964 the committee adopted its current name and remains the most broadly based and constitutionally ‘ democratic ’ of the institute 's technical committees . operating as a standing committee of council , its membership [forms/contains] :

The cost to the borrower of issuing a deep discount bond comprises the discount on issue as well as any interest payments .
the cost to the borrower of issuing a deep discount bond [forms/contains] the discount on issue as well as any interest payments .

The disposal programme comprises assets of over £500m and the Ritz in Piccadilly , Mecca for the internationally wealthy , could be yours for £100 m .
the disposal programme [forms/contains] assets of over £500m and the ritz in piccadilly , mecca for the internationally wealthy , could be yours for £100 m .

The third group comprises the European fossils that are mostly attributed to the genus Dryopithecus .
the third group [forms/contains] the european fossils that are mostly attributed to the genus dryopithecus .

Micro- and Macroflora assemblages Microflora from northern Malawi sequence comprises ( 90 % ) Striatopodocarpites , Vittatina , Densipollenites and Gutullapollenites .
micro- and macroflora assemblages microflora from northern malawi sequence [forms/contains] ( 90 % ) striatopodocarpites , vittatina , densipollenites and gutullapollenites .

At present , it comprises just 400 staff ( including an ‘ ethno-musicologist ’ ) out of a total of 14,000 .
at present , it [forms/contains] just 400 staff ( including an ‘ ethno-musicologist ’ ) out of a total of 14,000 .

Using the popular Interfit tungsten heads the Studio Kit comprises 2 3200k tungsten heads complete with bulbs , 2 30 cm reflectors , 2 three section stands , 2 32″ white Interbrollies and a 2 gang mains lead .
using the popular interfit tungsten heads the studio kit [forms/contains] 2 3200k tungsten heads complete with bulbs , 2 30 cm reflectors , 2 three section stands , 2 32″ white interbrollies and a 2 gang mains lead .

Filling three galleries , it comprises a new series of small paintings on board which illustrate , in thirteen variations , a man praying in a landscape ; a set of four sculptures of a head cast in copper , brass , tin and lead ; a series of ten large gouaches painted on folding panels of Pondicherry paper ; and six groups of miniatures executed by Indian craftsmen under his supervision and illustrating subjects of his choice .
filling three galleries , it [forms/contains] a new series of small paintings on board which illustrate , in thirteen variations , a man praying in a landscape ; a set of four sculptures of a head cast in copper , brass , tin and lead ; a series of ten large gouaches painted on folding panels of pondicherry paper ; and six groups of miniatures executed by indian craftsmen under his supervision and illustrating subjects of his choice .

Comprises an elegant essay by Sutherland Boggs on Degas ' development with particular reference to his use of pastel followed by a discussion by Maheux of his use of pastel including pastel paste and peinture a l'essence , his choice of papers and use of fixative , the latter crucial to the effect of his later sheets .
[forms/contains] an elegant essay by sutherland boggs on degas ' development with particular reference to his use of pastel followed by a discussion by maheux of his use of pastel including pastel paste and peinture a l'essence , his choice of papers and use of fixative , the latter crucial to the effect of his later sheets .

The main body of the book comprises full-page colour illustrations of sixty-five of the finest pastels ( a number previously unpublished ) with detailed commentaries .
the main body of the book [forms/contains] full-page colour illustrations of sixty-five of the finest pastels ( a number previously unpublished ) with detailed commentaries .

22 , October 1992 , p.3 ) the texts which he uses in his work at the Neue Galerie at Kassel and he criticises me for ‘ forgetting ’ these texts which took him so long to research , even though they are clearly mentioned in the second , fourth and fifth paragraphs of my article which comprises only seven paragraphs .
22 , october 1992 , p.3 ) the texts which he uses in his work at the neue galerie at kassel and he criticises me for ‘ forgetting ’ these texts which took him so long to research , even though they are clearly mentioned in the second , fourth and fifth paragraphs of my article which [forms/contains] only seven paragraphs .

Richard Long : Mountains and Waters which comprises photographs , text works and maps as a record of his ‘ walks ’ and siteworks from 1974 to 1992 ( $ 35 ) .
richard long : mountains and waters which [forms/contains] photographs , text works and maps as a record of his ‘ walks ’ and siteworks from 1974 to 1992 ( $ 35 ) .

This four-session sale of paintings , works of art and furniture comprises around 700 lots from the Paris apartment of Charles Hathaway , and includes the collection of Hubert de St Senoch , a Parisian socialite .
this four-session sale of paintings , works of art and furniture [forms/contains] around 700 lots from the paris apartment of charles hathaway , and includes the collection of hubert de st senoch , a parisian socialite .

The December sale comprises some 90 lots estimated at FFr20 million ( £2,440,000 ; $ 3,715,000 ) .
the december sale [forms/contains] some 90 lots estimated at ffr20 million ( £2,440,000 ; $ 3,715,000 ) .

This important collection increases the Museum 's geographical and subject coverage and comprises of approximately 70,000 images including views of locomotives , rolling stock , moving trains , railway architecture and civil engineering subjects dating back to the early 1900's .
this important collection increases the museum 's geographical and subject coverage and [forms/contains] of approximately 70,000 images including views of locomotives , rolling stock , moving trains , railway architecture and civil engineering subjects dating back to the early 1900's .

It comprises four new works , each created from a single block of Purbeck stone quarried in Dorset .
it [forms/contains] four new works , each created from a single block of purbeck stone quarried in dorset .

The exhibition comprises twenty-seven works on paper executed by the Catalan artist in the 1930s and never before shown in France .
the exhibition [forms/contains] twenty-seven works on paper executed by the catalan artist in the 1930s and never before shown in france .

Gober 's exhibition comprises four rooms wallpapered with the artist 's own designs and filled with the sculptures for which he has become celebrated : several untitled wax legs with candles , the wax hermaphroditic torso , the wedding dress , the bags of cat litter and the drains sunk into the gallery 's walls .
gober 's exhibition [forms/contains] four rooms wallpapered with the artist 's own designs and filled with the sculptures for which he has become celebrated : several untitled wax legs with candles , the wax hermaphroditic torso , the wedding dress , the bags of cat litter and the drains sunk into the gallery 's walls .

The present sale comprises 121 lots , with estimates ranging from £100–200 to £150,000–200,000 .
the present sale [forms/contains] 121 lots , with estimates ranging from £100–200 to £150,000–200,000 .

Her new exhibition at Waddington ( 7 April-1 May ) , the month 's most exciting development in Cork Street , comprises twenty-five canvases and provides evidence of several new directions in her work .
her new exhibition at waddington ( 7 april-1 may ) , the month 's most exciting development in cork street , [forms/contains] twenty-five canvases and provides evidence of several new directions in her work .

The collection comprises 15,000 pieces of thirteenth- to eighteenth-century ceramic ware , built around a nucleus of three collections , and already in the process of being catalogued .
the collection [forms/contains] 15,000 pieces of thirteenth- to eighteenth-century ceramic ware , built around a nucleus of three collections , and already in the process of being catalogued .

The collection , begun by Sir Thomas Bodley in the late sixteenth century , comprises nearly 7,000 items , mainly printed in Italy or the German speaking areas of fifteenth-century Europe .
the collection , begun by sir thomas bodley in the late sixteenth century , [forms/contains] nearly 7,000 items , mainly printed in italy or the german speaking areas of fifteenth-century europe .

Project Video comprises three levels based on the syllabus of the Project English coursebooks .
project video [forms/contains] three levels based on the syllabus of the project english coursebooks .

The syndrome of dyspraxia of deaf children comprises that the child clearly suffers from dyspraxia or apraxia with dysrhythmia or arhythmia and that the child , his memory as such being normal , shows a typical profile of a strong memory for simultaneously presented visual data and a relatively weak one for successively presented visual data . ( 1981 : 118 )
the syndrome of dyspraxia of deaf children [forms/contains] that the child clearly suffers from dyspraxia or apraxia with dysrhythmia or arhythmia and that the child , his memory as such being normal , shows a typical profile of a strong memory for simultaneously presented visual data and a relatively weak one for successively presented visual data . ( 1981 : 118 )

The set comprises three chisels of ½ , ¾ and 1in sizes .
the set [forms/contains] three chisels of ½ , ¾ and 1in sizes .

The new Laser Padlock Set comprises a long-shackled padlock , plus three more conventionally shaped locks in 25 , 30 and 50mm sizes .
the new laser padlock set [forms/contains] a long-shackled padlock , plus three more conventionally shaped locks in 25 , 30 and 50mm sizes .

They require a missionary team , which , in addition to having a gifted leader , comprises a task force with an allocation of funds .
they require a missionary team , which , in addition to having a gifted leader , [forms/contains] a task force with an allocation of funds .

The Concordia Multi-media Package comprises :
the concordia multi-media package [forms/contains] :

The ‘ technocratic mentality ’ comprises several strands , each given varying emphasis by different authors ( Putnam 1977 , pp .
the ‘ technocratic mentality ’ [forms/contains] several strands , each given varying emphasis by different authors ( putnam 1977 , pp .

The telegram read : ‘ In the name of the World Association for Christian Communication , which comprises over 700 communication professionals and organisations and in almost 100 countries , we would like to share with you our joy at such a distinguished achievement ’ .
the telegram read : ‘ in the name of the world association for christian communication , which [forms/contains] over 700 communication professionals and organisations and in almost 100 countries , we would like to share with you our joy at such a distinguished achievement ’ .

The volunteer work force comprises not only the five men of the company but also about a dozen regular helpers from the North West Loco Action Group .
the volunteer work force [forms/contains] not only the five men of the company but also about a dozen regular helpers from the north west loco action group .

Hospitality comprises a champagne reception , carefully chosen four-course lunch with selected fine wines , traditional English afternoon tea and not forgetting strawberries and cream .
hospitality [forms/contains] a champagne reception , carefully chosen four-course lunch with selected fine wines , traditional english afternoon tea and not forgetting strawberries and cream .

These two lizards use their venom to kill their prey , which comprises small mammals such as mice and birds .
these two lizards use their venom to kill their prey , which [forms/contains] small mammals such as mice and birds .

Cost of purchase comprises purchase price including import duties , transport and handling costs and any other directly attributable costs , less trade discounts , rebates and subsidies .
cost of purchase [forms/contains] purchase price including import duties , transport and handling costs and any other directly attributable costs , less trade discounts , rebates and subsidies .

Cost of conversion comprises : ( a ) Costs which are specifically attributable to units of production , i.e. direct labour , direct expenses and sub-contracted work .
cost of conversion [forms/contains] : ( a ) costs which are specifically attributable to units of production , i.e. direct labour , direct expenses and sub-contracted work .

The concept of limited government comprises two ideals , that of accountability of government for the exercise of its powers , and that of limits placed on the exercise of those powers . What , then , are the conditions for accountable or , as it is often termed , responsible government ?
the concept of limited government [forms/contains] two ideals , that of accountability of government for the exercise of its powers , and that of limits placed on the exercise of those powers . what , then , are the conditions for accountable or , as it is often termed , responsible government ?

This usually consists of worship and praise and comprises the singing of a number of songs , with a good deal of repetition in which one song succeeds another without a break .
this usually consists of worship and praise and [forms/contains] the singing of a number of songs , with a good deal of repetition in which one song succeeds another without a break .

This comprises chiefly the recitation of the Psalter , traditionally to chant , and takes place in some communities seven times a day , from Vigils or Lauds in the early morning to Compline at night .
this [forms/contains] chiefly the recitation of the psalter , traditionally to chant , and takes place in some communities seven times a day , from vigils or lauds in the early morning to compline at night .

The reason for this is the pragmatic one that the Taizé community comprises people from many Christian traditions living together under vows .
the reason for this is the pragmatic one that the taizé community [forms/contains] people from many christian traditions living together under vows .

The most obvious way of interpreting the arts/science distinction is in terms of the kinds of knowledge involved : broadly speaking , ‘ arts ’ refers to humanities subjects and social sciences ( although the 1985 Green Paper restricts the latter to ‘ non-vocational social studies ’ ) , and ‘ science ’ comprises mathematics , the natural sciences and applied sciences including medicine .
the most obvious way of interpreting the arts/science distinction is in terms of the kinds of knowledge involved : broadly speaking , ‘ arts ’ refers to humanities subjects and social sciences ( although the 1985 green paper restricts the latter to ‘ non-vocational social studies ’ ) , and ‘ science ’ [forms/contains] mathematics , the natural sciences and applied sciences including medicine .

Perhaps one needs to distinguish between different parts of the higher education system in such an argument ; the current system after all comprises not one ( Oxbridge ) tradition but several .
perhaps one needs to distinguish between different parts of the higher education system in such an argument ; the current system after all [forms/contains] not one ( oxbridge ) tradition but several .

This form of legislation comprises Acts of Parliament .
this form of legislation [forms/contains] acts of parliament .

This group comprises the County Court , the Magistrates ' Court and tribunals .
this group [forms/contains] the county court , the magistrates ' court and tribunals .

Environmental variations are fundamental to the creation of the complex cultural mosaic that comprises human occupance of the earth , but their existence is insufficient to account for that mosaic .
environmental variations are fundamental to the creation of the complex cultural mosaic that [forms/contains] human occupance of the earth , but their existence is insufficient to account for that mosaic .

All would illustrate the basic point that the cultural mosaic comprises a very wide range of rules of behaviour which differentiate places on virtually every conceivable criterion .
all would illustrate the basic point that the cultural mosaic [forms/contains] a very wide range of rules of behaviour which differentiate places on virtually every conceivable criterion .

Urry sets out his model of a capitalist social formation in a diagram ( figure 3.8 ) which shows three interacting components : a sphere of capitalist production ; a state ; and a sphere of struggle ( civil society ) , which comprises the linked spheres of circulation and reproduction .
urry sets out his model of a capitalist social formation in a diagram ( figure 3.8 ) which shows three interacting components : a sphere of capitalist production ; a state ; and a sphere of struggle ( civil society ) , which [forms/contains] the linked spheres of circulation and reproduction .

The other main component comprises direct Federal payments to individuals or groups , either in grants , in wages , or in expenditure on goods and services .
the other main component [forms/contains] direct federal payments to individuals or groups , either in grants , in wages , or in expenditure on goods and services .

The proposed system comprises such a network , connecting special-purpose and general computers , communicating through a management protocol which has access to engineering information .
the proposed system [forms/contains] such a network , connecting special-purpose and general computers , communicating through a management protocol which has access to engineering information .

The final chapter of this book , written by John Channon , comprises both a brief survey of the course of the Revolution and Civil War in Siberia , and , drawing on the work of a number of Soviet historians and also western experts such as Evan Mawdsley , Norman Pereira and Jon Smele , an analysis of the horrendously complex , bloody and confused antagonisms with which the entire territory was racked .
the final chapter of this book , written by john channon , [forms/contains] both a brief survey of the course of the revolution and civil war in siberia , and , drawing on the work of a number of soviet historians and also western experts such as evan mawdsley , norman pereira and jon smele , an analysis of the horrendously complex , bloody and confused antagonisms with which the entire territory was racked .

The course offered here comprises five weekly sessions of two hours ' duration , costs only £16 and is open to individuals or groups .
the course offered here [forms/contains] five weekly sessions of two hours ' duration , costs only £16 and is open to individuals or groups .

Measuring 22ft long , 56″ high and 30″ wide , the three-dimensional sculpture comprises 16 vertically-angled figures in the various stages of bowling a ball .
measuring 22ft long , 56″ high and 30″ wide , the three-dimensional sculpture [forms/contains] 16 vertically-angled figures in the various stages of bowling a ball .

The former group is largely made up of locals while the latter mainly comprises newcomers , but the class dimension is paramount .
the former group is largely made up of locals while the latter mainly [forms/contains] newcomers , but the class dimension is paramount .

Pahl 's final group comprises local traders and small business owners .
pahl 's final group [forms/contains] local traders and small business owners .

This schema comprises a series of three modes of production , each dominated by a particular medium of reproduction ( ear , score , and recording ) .
this schema [forms/contains] a series of three modes of production , each dominated by a particular medium of reproduction ( ear , score , and recording ) .

in an industrialized society ) , while the proletariat or working class comprises those who need to sell their ‘ labour power ’ ( their ability to work ) to the capitalists in order to live .
in an industrialized society ) , while the proletariat or working class [forms/contains] those who need to sell their ‘ labour power ’ ( their ability to work ) to the capitalists in order to live .

This register now comprises three full years ' data ( 1989 to 1991 ) on 3274 cases .
this register now [forms/contains] three full years ' data ( 1989 to 1991 ) on 3274 cases .

Barbados-born John Holder , who umpired four Tests in Pakistan in 1989–90 , has been omitted from this year 's panel for international matches , which comprises ‘ Dickie ’ Bird , Barry Dudleston , John Hampshire , Mervyn Kitchen , Battie Mayer , Ken and Roy Palmer , and David Shepherd .
barbados-born john holder , who umpired four tests in pakistan in 1989–90 , has been omitted from this year 's panel for international matches , which [forms/contains] ‘ dickie ’ bird , barry dudleston , john hampshire , mervyn kitchen , battie mayer , ken and roy palmer , and david shepherd .

The team is a blend of youth and experience , and comprises eight batsmen , six fast bowlers , two wicketkeepers and one specialist spinner .
the team is a blend of youth and experience , and [forms/contains] eight batsmen , six fast bowlers , two wicketkeepers and one specialist spinner .

b Literature The only relevant research in Scotland comprises studies conducted for Bield .
b literature the only relevant research in scotland [forms/contains] studies conducted for bield .

We then have lunch and this comprises a main course , sweet followed by tea/coffee and biscuits .
we then have lunch and this [forms/contains] a main course , sweet followed by tea/coffee and biscuits .

What appears to me to be essential both for the reader and for the novelist who together constitute a couple — and a couple always comprises two accomplices — is to guide complicity along a most exacting path .
what appears to me to be essential both for the reader and for the novelist who together constitute a couple — and a couple always [forms/contains] two accomplices — is to guide complicity along a most exacting path .

Using the popular Interfit tungsten heads the Studio Kit comprises 2 3200k tungsten heads complete with bulbs , 2 30 cm reflectors , 2 three-section stands , 2 32″ white Interbrollies and a 2-gang mains lead .
using the popular interfit tungsten heads the studio kit [forms/contains] 2 3200k tungsten heads complete with bulbs , 2 30 cm reflectors , 2 three-section stands , 2 32″ white interbrollies and a 2-gang mains lead .

Ventricular remodelling comprises infarct expansion and global ventricular dilatation .
ventricular remodelling [forms/contains] infarct expansion and global ventricular dilatation .

The photographic record of an excavation usually comprises detailed photographs of specific parts of the site and of the site as a whole .
the photographic record of an excavation usually [forms/contains] detailed photographs of specific parts of the site and of the site as a whole .

The rest of the second part of this book comprises four comparative case studies of aspects of the two localities .
the rest of the second part of this book [forms/contains] four comparative case studies of aspects of the two localities .

The two localities both lie within the standard planning region of ‘ the North of England ’ which comprises the counties of Northumberland , Durham , Cleveland , Cumbria and Tyne and Wear .
the two localities both lie within the standard planning region of ‘ the north of england ’ which [forms/contains] the counties of northumberland , durham , cleveland , cumbria and tyne and wear .

Note : North Tyneside comprises the areas of the 1971 Newcastle City , Tyne mouth County Borough and Wallsend Borough ( the centre ) , the remainder of the present authorities of Newcastle and North Tyneside ( the inner ring ) , and the areas of Castle Morpeth and Blyth Valley Districts ( the outer ring ) .
note : north tyneside [forms/contains] the areas of the 1971 newcastle city , tyne mouth county borough and wallsend borough ( the centre ) , the remainder of the present authorities of newcastle and north tyneside ( the inner ring ) , and the areas of castle morpeth and blyth valley districts ( the outer ring ) .

Marine manufacturing , the largest traditional employer in North Shields , comprises shipbuilding , ship-repair and ‘ offshore ’ fabrication for the oil and gas industries .
marine manufacturing , the largest traditional employer in north shields , [forms/contains] shipbuilding , ship-repair and ‘ offshore ’ fabrication for the oil and gas industries .

Each chapter ends with a short addendum entitled ‘ Further Reading ’ , which comprises two sections .
each chapter ends with a short addendum entitled ‘ further reading ’ , which [forms/contains] two sections .

The Macmillan Short Course Programme comprises three separate titles , Impressions , Observations and Reflections at three levels from lower intermediate upwards .
the macmillan short course programme [forms/contains] three separate titles , impressions , observations and reflections at three levels from lower intermediate upwards .

It is common ground between the parties that these two actions were both within the ambit of article 1 , which of course comprises ‘ civil and commercial matters , ’ and that Schedule 4 therefore applies to determine the court 's jurisdiction .
it is common ground between the parties that these two actions were both within the ambit of article 1 , which of course [forms/contains] ‘ civil and commercial matters , ’ and that schedule 4 therefore applies to determine the court 's jurisdiction .

The last ground of appeal which their Lordships have to consider comprises a group of complaints under the general heading of the trial judge 's treatment of the jury .
the last ground of appeal which their lordships have to consider [forms/contains] a group of complaints under the general heading of the trial judge 's treatment of the jury .

Lying approximately 100 miles west of Barbados and 1,770 nautical miles from New York , Palm Island comprises five golden beaches , a mile of coral garden and 100 acres of totally clean flatlands on which to relax .
lying approximately 100 miles west of barbados and 1,770 nautical miles from new york , palm island [forms/contains] five golden beaches , a mile of coral garden and 100 acres of totally clean flatlands on which to relax .

Hill Murray has been handling the product , which comprises three healthcare policies for the elderly , since it was launched last June to insurance brokers .
hill murray has been handling the product , which [forms/contains] three healthcare policies for the elderly , since it was launched last june to insurance brokers .

Maiden Outdoor is introducing a new range of poster campaigns , called Flagship 500 , which comprises 500 quality sites in large towns only .
maiden outdoor is introducing a new range of poster campaigns , called flagship 500 , which [forms/contains] 500 quality sites in large towns only .

It comprises the whole history of the people of Israel until the coming of the Messiah .
it [forms/contains] the whole history of the people of israel until the coming of the messiah .

Comprises two groups , ( a ) the young unemployed , who are often anti- authority , and ( b ) the old , whose motivation is day-to-day existence .
[forms/contains] two groups , ( a ) the young unemployed , who are often anti- authority , and ( b ) the old , whose motivation is day-to-day existence .

Each comprises a major section with chapters listed as follows : Ch .
each [forms/contains] a major section with chapters listed as follows : ch .

This arrangement comprises a documented exchange of obligations between the unit staff and the pupil .
this arrangement [forms/contains] a documented exchange of obligations between the unit staff and the pupil .

It comprises three main parts , the central living section with two wings slightly set back , as well as several outbuildings , and the old kitchen quarters , the ‘ commun ’ linked by an early twentieth-century underground tunnel .
it [forms/contains] three main parts , the central living section with two wings slightly set back , as well as several outbuildings , and the old kitchen quarters , the ‘ commun ’ linked by an early twentieth-century underground tunnel .

The principle upon which it operates is that the pool is split into two components : the first is referred to as ‘ common funding ’ and accounts for the greater bulk of the pool ; and the second is known as ‘ further funding ’ and comprises an element of additional financing for those institutions which have a high historic unit cost .
the principle upon which it operates is that the pool is split into two components : the first is referred to as ‘ common funding ’ and accounts for the greater bulk of the pool ; and the second is known as ‘ further funding ’ and [forms/contains] an element of additional financing for those institutions which have a high historic unit cost .

It comprises painters of very different kinds , who all , in their work , are animated by a vision of life that is more internal , more popular and more poetic .
it [forms/contains] painters of very different kinds , who all , in their work , are animated by a vision of life that is more internal , more popular and more poetic .

This leads to a famous metaphor which comprises for many among the non-political the sole sliver of political theory of which they acknowledge possession , namely Pareto 's distinction between lions ' and ‘ foxes ’ in ruling elites :
this leads to a famous metaphor which [forms/contains] for many among the non-political the sole sliver of political theory of which they acknowledge possession , namely pareto 's distinction between lions ' and ‘ foxes ’ in ruling elites :

on a cursory inspection and by the methods in current use , to consist of a number of interdependent sub-systems — the economy , the status system , the polity , the kinship systems and the institutions which have in their special custody the cultivation of cultural values Each of these sub-systems itself comprises a network of organisations which are connected , with varying degrees of affirmation , through a common authority , overlapping personnel , personal relationships , contracts , perceived identities of interest , a sense of affinity within a transcendent whole and a territorial location possessing a symbolic value .
on a cursory inspection and by the methods in current use , to consist of a number of interdependent sub-systems — the economy , the status system , the polity , the kinship systems and the institutions which have in their special custody the cultivation of cultural values each of these sub-systems itself [forms/contains] a network of organisations which are connected , with varying degrees of affirmation , through a common authority , overlapping personnel , personal relationships , contracts , perceived identities of interest , a sense of affinity within a transcendent whole and a territorial location possessing a symbolic value .

The village comprises an excellent mixture of fine period properties and attractive modern houses and is situated amidst delightful countryside .
the village [forms/contains] an excellent mixture of fine period properties and attractive modern houses and is situated amidst delightful countryside .

The accommodation comprises :
the accommodation [forms/contains] :

Comprises a Victorian terraced house built to a traditional design with brick elevations .
[forms/contains] a victorian terraced house built to a traditional design with brick elevations .

58 Chantry Road comprises a superior semi detached residence built of traditional three storey brick construction surmounted by a slate pitched roof having full height projecting bay window to the front and pedestrian side access .
58 chantry road [forms/contains] a superior semi detached residence built of traditional three storey brick construction surmounted by a slate pitched roof having full height projecting bay window to the front and pedestrian side access .

The property comprises a family residence built of traditional two storey brick construction surmounted by a new roof with pleasing front elevation having leaded light windows , full height projecting bay window with weather boarding relief at canopy porch , pedestrian side access and garage with rough cast rendered gable above .
the property [forms/contains] a family residence built of traditional two storey brick construction surmounted by a new roof with pleasing front elevation having leaded light windows , full height projecting bay window with weather boarding relief at canopy porch , pedestrian side access and garage with rough cast rendered gable above .

The downswing basically comprises two movements , one following the other .
the downswing basically [forms/contains] two movements , one following the other .

This comprises a total drop of about 12 ft over 40 yds .
this [forms/contains] a total drop of about 12 ft over 40 yds .

The new acquisition comprises 1,300 acres , including the northern slopes of Slieve Donard , Thomas 's Mountain , Millstone Mountain , Slieve Commedagh and Shan Slieve .
the new acquisition [forms/contains] 1,300 acres , including the northern slopes of slieve donard , thomas 's mountain , millstone mountain , slieve commedagh and shan slieve .

The range comprises notelets ( £1.95 per pack of ten ) , gift wrap ( 60p per sheet ) and a stationery folder holding twenty sheets of paper and ten envelopes , both with a flower motif ( £4.95 ) .
the range [forms/contains] notelets ( £1.95 per pack of ten ) , gift wrap ( 60p per sheet ) and a stationery folder holding twenty sheets of paper and ten envelopes , both with a flower motif ( £4.95 ) .

Bois du Cedre Duo Jeux d'Ombres combines rich mulberry with dark ochre , while Brun de Sienne comprises coffee and chocolate shades .
bois du cedre duo jeux d'ombres combines rich mulberry with dark ochre , while brun de sienne [forms/contains] coffee and chocolate shades .

On occasions where the stock-holding comprises a relatively high volume per line item of only a few lines , live-storage systems may be the answer .
on occasions where the stock-holding [forms/contains] a relatively high volume per line item of only a few lines , live-storage systems may be the answer .

This year 's offering is called PageMaker college and comprises an extended version of the video , a 10-site-licensed copy of PageMaker ( doctored , of course ) , all the training materials , workbooks etc for just £175 .
this year 's offering is called pagemaker college and [forms/contains] an extended version of the video , a 10-site-licensed copy of pagemaker ( doctored , of course ) , all the training materials , workbooks etc for just £175 .

To consider how the structure of an organisation comprises all its arrangements for dividing up its activities and co- ordinating them .
to consider how the structure of an organisation [forms/contains] all its arrangements for dividing up its activities and co- ordinating them .

, Cavendish 's second cousin , and comprises twenty-eight compositions : fourteen songs for voice and lute or two voices and bass viol , six more lute songs with alternative versions for four voices alone , and eight madrigals for five voices — a range of performing options which justifies the claim in the dedication that the book ‘ hath in it humours variable for delights sake ’ .
, cavendish 's second cousin , and [forms/contains] twenty-eight compositions : fourteen songs for voice and lute or two voices and bass viol , six more lute songs with alternative versions for four voices alone , and eight madrigals for five voices — a range of performing options which justifies the claim in the dedication that the book ‘ hath in it humours variable for delights sake ’ .

His own contribution comprises a full-page crucifixion , historiated and ornamental initials , and elaborate borders densely populated with biblical scenes , angels , ‘ portrait ’ heads , scenes of courtly life , drolleries , and representations of flora and fauna both conventionalized and naturalistic .
his own contribution [forms/contains] a full-page crucifixion , historiated and ornamental initials , and elaborate borders densely populated with biblical scenes , angels , ‘ portrait ’ heads , scenes of courtly life , drolleries , and representations of flora and fauna both conventionalized and naturalistic .

Unfortunately , parts of the original manuscript , especially those dealing with tillage and the management of stock other than sheep , have been lost , but what remains of this farming book comprises the most detailed contemporary account of seventeenth-century farming practice .
unfortunately , parts of the original manuscript , especially those dealing with tillage and the management of stock other than sheep , have been lost , but what remains of this farming book [forms/contains] the most detailed contemporary account of seventeenth-century farming practice .

The decoration of this group of manuscripts comprises full-page pictures mostly of Old and New Testament scenes , historiated and ornamental initials , and colourful line-fillers which occasionally include representations of animals , birds , and fish .
the decoration of this group of manuscripts [forms/contains] full-page pictures mostly of old and new testament scenes , historiated and ornamental initials , and colourful line-fillers which occasionally include representations of animals , birds , and fish .

The surviving corpus of the Alexis Master 's work comprises historiated initials , full-page paintings , and tinted drawings .
the surviving corpus of the alexis master 's work [forms/contains] historiated initials , full-page paintings , and tinted drawings .

Hence , for realists , global politics essentially comprises the interaction of sovereign states in a situation of anarchy — the global system approximating the ‘ state of nature ’ of the Hobbesian parable .
hence , for realists , global politics essentially [forms/contains] the interaction of sovereign states in a situation of anarchy — the global system approximating the ‘ state of nature ’ of the hobbesian parable .

The main difficulty is that the non-business sector is not a homogeneous group of organizations . It comprises :
the main difficulty is that the non-business sector is not a homogeneous group of organizations . it [forms/contains] :

1 comprises a single long movement ; it is almost continuously melodic , yet virtually the whole piece seems to be derived from rhythmic cells given out in the first phrase : Notice how cells a and c are really the same , c being an augmentation of a .
1 [forms/contains] a single long movement ; it is almost continuously melodic , yet virtually the whole piece seems to be derived from rhythmic cells given out in the first phrase : notice how cells a and c are really the same , c being an augmentation of a .

Usually it is a united group of notes , as in ( a ) below , but sometimes it can be broken up into two or more parts , as in ( b ) : This first musical thought usually comprises an even number of bars , two , four , or even six , but there is nothing to prevent it being otherwise ( note the eleven-beat phrase in the Musorgsky , Example 4 , above ) .
usually it is a united group of notes , as in ( a ) below , but sometimes it can be broken up into two or more parts , as in ( b ) : this first musical thought usually [forms/contains] an even number of bars , two , four , or even six , but there is nothing to prevent it being otherwise ( note the eleven-beat phrase in the musorgsky , example 4 , above ) .

At this point , having reached the end of the ‘ second sentence ’ , we can confirm that all the conventional classical music examined seems to be built in sentences , each of which comprises two phrases of the ‘ question and answer ’ type .
at this point , having reached the end of the ‘ second sentence ’ , we can confirm that all the conventional classical music examined seems to be built in sentences , each of which [forms/contains] two phrases of the ‘ question and answer ’ type .

We frequently find it comprises twice as much .
we frequently find it [forms/contains] twice as much .

The whole-tone , or hexatonic , scale comprises only tones and no semitones , and so only two different scales are possible ( Example 80 ) : As the mixing of these two scales would introduce semitones and produce an effect of chromaticism , usually , in order to create the particular mood of whole-tone music , only one is used at a time .
the whole-tone , or hexatonic , scale [forms/contains] only tones and no semitones , and so only two different scales are possible ( example 80 ) : as the mixing of these two scales would introduce semitones and produce an effect of chromaticism , usually , in order to create the particular mood of whole-tone music , only one is used at a time .

Virtually the whole movement comprises a double canon which begins as in the second violin and viola parts given in Example 90 ( these parts first being played by first violin and viola ) : The point at which our example begins is the first entry of the full orchestra , with the first and second violins in one canon and the violas and basses in another .
virtually the whole movement [forms/contains] a double canon which begins as in the second violin and viola parts given in example 90 ( these parts first being played by first violin and viola ) : the point at which our example begins is the first entry of the full orchestra , with the first and second violins in one canon and the violas and basses in another .

The list comprises the formal recognitions .
the list [forms/contains] the formal recognitions .

Their work comprises the provision of direct advice services to claimants , including casework and tribunal representation , the promotion of benefits through campaigns , publicity and work with local groups , support and training for other advice givers , both among council staff and in the voluntary sector , and influencing the policy and practice of public agencies .
their work [forms/contains] the provision of direct advice services to claimants , including casework and tribunal representation , the promotion of benefits through campaigns , publicity and work with local groups , support and training for other advice givers , both among council staff and in the voluntary sector , and influencing the policy and practice of public agencies .

This Committee comprises three members of the Board , two lay and two solicitor members from regional duty solicitor committees , two nominees from the Law Society , and one each from the Justices ' Clerks Society , the Magistrates ' Association and the Association of Chief Police Officers .
this committee [forms/contains] three members of the board , two lay and two solicitor members from regional duty solicitor committees , two nominees from the law society , and one each from the justices ' clerks society , the magistrates ' association and the association of chief police officers .

It comprises between 11 and 17 members appointed by the Lord Chancellor ( one appointed by him as chairman ) , with at least two solicitors and two barristers ( appointed after consultation with , respectively , the Law Society and the General Council of the Bar ) .
it [forms/contains] between 11 and 17 members appointed by the lord chancellor ( one appointed by him as chairman ) , with at least two solicitors and two barristers ( appointed after consultation with , respectively , the law society and the general council of the bar ) .

But the referent again becomes signifier to the extent that the viewer is reminded how like a comic strip the real world has become , or to what extent the real world now comprises comic strips .
but the referent again becomes signifier to the extent that the viewer is reminded how like a comic strip the real world has become , or to what extent the real world now [forms/contains] comic strips .

The latter comprises a partial breakdown or de-centring of the grid of classificatory rules which structure the habitus .
the latter [forms/contains] a partial breakdown or de-centring of the grid of classificatory rules which structure the habitus .

The development comprises two offshore fields , Cohasset and Panuke , .
the development [forms/contains] two offshore fields , cohasset and panuke , .

Halfen Spiro Strip , now available from fixings specialists Halfen Fixing Systems Ltd , comprises stainless steel strip twisted to form a continuous helical section to create a highly versatile , multi-purpose fixing and reinforcement building component .
halfen spiro strip , now available from fixings specialists halfen fixing systems ltd , [forms/contains] stainless steel strip twisted to form a continuous helical section to create a highly versatile , multi-purpose fixing and reinforcement building component .

Citizens Group also comprises Citizens Savings Bank , Citizens Bank of Massachusetts and the Gulf States Mortgage Company .
citizens group also [forms/contains] citizens savings bank , citizens bank of massachusetts and the gulf states mortgage company .

Goodwill , which comprises the amount by which the cost of acquiring shares in subsidiaries exceeds the fair value of net assets acquired , is written off to reserves in the year of acquisition .
goodwill , which [forms/contains] the amount by which the cost of acquiring shares in subsidiaries exceeds the fair value of net assets acquired , is written off to reserves in the year of acquisition .

Turnover comprises amounts receivable for invoiced sales , exclusive of value added taxation and similar levies .
turnover [forms/contains] amounts receivable for invoiced sales , exclusive of value added taxation and similar levies .

Exploration expenditure comprises all costs , including premium payments , associated with the acquisition of new acreage , the drilling of exploratory wells and other costs incurred in evaluating the commercial viability of geological entities .
exploration expenditure [forms/contains] all costs , including premium payments , associated with the acquisition of new acreage , the drilling of exploratory wells and other costs incurred in evaluating the commercial viability of geological entities .

Appraisal expenditure comprises costs incurred in the survey , exploration and appraisal of licence areas not yet under development or in production .
appraisal expenditure [forms/contains] costs incurred in the survey , exploration and appraisal of licence areas not yet under development or in production .

Development expenditure comprises all costs including financing costs , exploration and appraisal expenditures incurred in bringing a field to commercial production and is defined as tangible assets .
development expenditure [forms/contains] all costs including financing costs , exploration and appraisal expenditures incurred in bringing a field to commercial production and is defined as tangible assets .

If it comprises the main design of a work , whose general features have already been completed , it will be fixed as a `` tray `` — otherwise it will be one of many prefabricated sections .
if it [forms/contains] the main design of a work , whose general features have already been completed , it will be fixed as a `` tray `` — otherwise it will be one of many prefabricated sections .

The border decoration comprises , foremost , a strip of scroll pattern ( double-looped , with tendrils round the crests ) around single leaves of ivy .
the border decoration [forms/contains] , foremost , a strip of scroll pattern ( double-looped , with tendrils round the crests ) around single leaves of ivy .

The base of the fragmentary design comprises a half-boss which rests on a small triangle .
the base of the fragmentary design [forms/contains] a half-boss which rests on a small triangle .

Another Orpheus mosaic — from Barton Farm — was not associated with geometric mosaics ; only a remnant of border work which comprises relieved swastika meander and an arrangement of perspective boxes survives ( pI .
another orpheus mosaic — from barton farm — was not associated with geometric mosaics ; only a remnant of border work which [forms/contains] relieved swastika meander and an arrangement of perspective boxes survives ( pi .

The Woodchester mosaic comprises three concentric circular bands which enclose a central octagon .
the woodchester mosaic [forms/contains] three concentric circular bands which enclose a central octagon .

Of the three sequences ( where that of simple geometric mosaics comprises regular and repetitive designs , and the concentric circular sequence consists of very imaginative works ) this sequence appears to be the nearest thing to a `` traditional `` form of design .
of the three sequences ( where that of simple geometric mosaics [forms/contains] regular and repetitive designs , and the concentric circular sequence consists of very imaginative works ) this sequence appears to be the nearest thing to a `` traditional `` form of design .

This device has four gadroons and short tendrils dropping from its small handles ; the base comprises a bulb and triangle ( pI .
this device has four gadroons and short tendrils dropping from its small handles ; the base [forms/contains] a bulb and triangle ( pi .

The mosaic comprises eight compartments each of which is separated by `` spokes ' of simple guilloche .
the mosaic [forms/contains] eight compartments each of which is separated by `` spokes ' of simple guilloche .

Each quadrant of the labyrinth comprises four main meanders .
each quadrant of the labyrinth [forms/contains] four main meanders .

The professional certificate programme comprises the following areas of study :
the professional certificate programme [forms/contains] the following areas of study :

The professional diploma programme comprises the following areas of study .
the professional diploma programme [forms/contains] the following areas of study .

Academic staff are appointed on the recommendation of a committee which comprises the head of department and at least two other members of the department , a representative from a different sub-faculty of the Physical Sciences Faculty ( normally Physics ) , and two representatives from the college with which the appointment is associated .
academic staff are appointed on the recommendation of a committee which [forms/contains] the head of department and at least two other members of the department , a representative from a different sub-faculty of the physical sciences faculty ( normally physics ) , and two representatives from the college with which the appointment is associated .

1.20 Words importing the singular shall be construed as importing the plural and vice versa 1.21 Where any party comprises more than one person the obligations and liabilities of that party under this agreement shall be joint and several obligations and liabilities of those persons
1.20 words importing the singular shall be construed as importing the plural and vice versa 1.21 where any party [forms/contains] more than one person the obligations and liabilities of that party under this agreement shall be joint and several obligations and liabilities of those persons

The book comprises five chapters and a Postscript which are bound into a cohesive whole with the aid of the image of an intercontinental flight that functions `` as a sustaining narrative device `` ( p. xii ) .
the book [forms/contains] five chapters and a postscript which are bound into a cohesive whole with the aid of the image of an intercontinental flight that functions `` as a sustaining narrative device `` ( p. xii ) .

If you act for the seller of a building estate , even though it comprises no more than a dozen houses or flats , it will repay you to have printed as many documents as possible ( drafts and engrossments of conveyance or lease , contract , etc ) and to anticipate as far as you can a buyer 's preliminary requirements .
if you act for the seller of a building estate , even though it [forms/contains] no more than a dozen houses or flats , it will repay you to have printed as many documents as possible ( drafts and engrossments of conveyance or lease , contract , etc ) and to anticipate as far as you can a buyer 's preliminary requirements .

If the relevant transfer of assets comprises a transfer from one country outside the United Kingdom to another country outside the United Kingdom , the requirement as to the `` transfer of assets `` in s739 is satisfied .
if the relevant transfer of assets [forms/contains] a transfer from one country outside the united kingdom to another country outside the united kingdom , the requirement as to the `` transfer of assets `` in s739 is satisfied .

If an overseas company invests in shares and the structure is caught by s739 then the entire dividend comprises the income for the purposes of s739 and it is not possible to deduct in computing the chargeable income revenue expenses such as investment advisory fees , management fees , safe keeping charges , security handling fees and bank charges and registered and executive office fees .
if an overseas company invests in shares and the structure is caught by s739 then the entire dividend [forms/contains] the income for the purposes of s739 and it is not possible to deduct in computing the chargeable income revenue expenses such as investment advisory fees , management fees , safe keeping charges , security handling fees and bank charges and registered and executive office fees .

British law comprises thousands of separate statutes and decided cases : none of them give unqualified support to freedom of expression .
british law [forms/contains] thousands of separate statutes and decided cases : none of them give unqualified support to freedom of expression .

The complete statutory definition of obscenity is contained in s1 of the Obscene Publications Act : For the purposes of this Act an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , in all the circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it .
the complete statutory definition of obscenity is contained in s1 of the obscene publications act : for the purposes of this act an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article [forms/contains] two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , in all the circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it .

If the jury feels that a considerable number of children would read or see the article in question , and would be corrupted by the experience , it may decide that this number constitutes a significant proportion of the class which comprises the likely audience .
if the jury feels that a considerable number of children would read or see the article in question , and would be corrupted by the experience , it may decide that this number constitutes a significant proportion of the class which [forms/contains] the likely audience .

This recommendation was duly embodied in the 1959 statute , which provided that `` an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt … `` .
this recommendation was duly embodied in the 1959 statute , which provided that `` an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article [forms/contains] two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt … `` .

The system comprises dampers capable of reacting to three separate settings , which are installed together with air springs which work in parallel with the main wheel springs .
the system [forms/contains] dampers capable of reacting to three separate settings , which are installed together with air springs which work in parallel with the main wheel springs .

You know the list comprises of mainly Newsome groupies here .
you know the list [forms/contains] of mainly newsome groupies here .

and in 15 other genera of Bignoniaceae , and the nectar may make up substantial parts of the ant diet as in the case of the extrafloral nectar of Caularthron bilamellatum ( Orchidaceae ) of Central America , which comprises up to 48 % of the associated ants ' diet at some times of the year .
and in 15 other genera of bignoniaceae , and the nectar may make up substantial parts of the ant diet as in the case of the extrafloral nectar of caularthron bilamellatum ( orchidaceae ) of central america , which [forms/contains] up to 48 % of the associated ants ' diet at some times of the year .

It was notable that in the Peruvian forest some four genera of marsupials were involved , members of the group that comprises the non-flying mammalian pollinators of Australia .
it was notable that in the peruvian forest some four genera of marsupials were involved , members of the group that [forms/contains] the non-flying mammalian pollinators of australia .

The plate tectonics model proposes that the Earth 's surface comprises seven major , and at least a dozen minor , lithospheric plates composed of the crust and the upper , more rigid , part of the mantle ( Fig .
the plate tectonics model proposes that the earth 's surface [forms/contains] seven major , and at least a dozen minor , lithospheric plates composed of the crust and the upper , more rigid , part of the mantle ( fig .

Domal uplifts with rifts cutting across them are particularly common in East Africa where the East African Rift System comprises a whole series of such structures ( Fig.4.11 ) .
domal uplifts with rifts cutting across them are particularly common in east africa where the east african rift system [forms/contains] a whole series of such structures ( fig.4.11 ) .

The Archive comprises a library of computerised data on a wide range of topics mainly within the fields of social and economic information .
the archive [forms/contains] a library of computerised data on a wide range of topics mainly within the fields of social and economic information .

Generally in rational expectations models in macroeconomics the policy rule generating the prediction for a variable comprises an equation whose determining variables typically comprise both lagged endogenous variables ( e.g .
generally in rational expectations models in macroeconomics the policy rule generating the prediction for a variable [forms/contains] an equation whose determining variables typically comprise both lagged endogenous variables ( e.g .

In the author 's view the Lucas supply function comprises an arbitrarily concocted mishmash of conjectures and suppositions .
in the author 's view the lucas supply function [forms/contains] an arbitrarily concocted mishmash of conjectures and suppositions .

This heading comprises the vast majority of commercial contracts , where the parties have presumably an equality of bargaining power and have freely entered into properly negotiated contracts .
this heading [forms/contains] the vast majority of commercial contracts , where the parties have presumably an equality of bargaining power and have freely entered into properly negotiated contracts .

The cost of a practising certificate comprises a fixed fee of £420 ( for 1991 – 92 ) together with a contribution to the Law Society 's Compensation Fund .
the cost of a practising certificate [forms/contains] a fixed fee of £420 ( for 1991 – 92 ) together with a contribution to the law society 's compensation fund .

4.2 Past loss comprises special damage and is separately assessed .
4.2 past loss [forms/contains] special damage and is separately assessed .

The vendor 's taxation for the interim period will be difficult to calculate and may not be determinable until the end of the financial year at the earliest , particularly if the business sold comprises one division of the vendor 's overall business .
the vendor 's taxation for the interim period will be difficult to calculate and may not be determinable until the end of the financial year at the earliest , particularly if the business sold [forms/contains] one division of the vendor 's overall business .

The Mount Nimba range , which straddles Guinea , Liberia and Côte d'Ivoire , comprises some of Africa 's richest rainforest .
the mount nimba range , which straddles guinea , liberia and côte d'ivoire , [forms/contains] some of africa 's richest rainforest .

( The United Kingdom comprises these three countries plus Northern Ireland : see Map .
( the united kingdom [forms/contains] these three countries plus northern ireland : see map .

Marketable wealth comprises stocks and shares , cash , bank deposits , consumer durables , buildings , trade assets , land , and dwellings net of mortgage debt .
marketable wealth [forms/contains] stocks and shares , cash , bank deposits , consumer durables , buildings , trade assets , land , and dwellings net of mortgage debt .

It comprises acts of Parliament and subordinate legislation made under the authority of the parent act .
it [forms/contains] acts of parliament and subordinate legislation made under the authority of the parent act .

The third category comprises those cases in which child outlook or behaviour which presents problems for parents or society at large itself has an evident or hidden sexual content .
the third category [forms/contains] those cases in which child outlook or behaviour which presents problems for parents or society at large itself has an evident or hidden sexual content .

This group , characterized by enthusiastic missionary zeal , comprises librarians , educators and administrators , partly from the two-year community colleges , liberal arts colleges and similar burgeoning establishments ; they are in rebellion against the typical American college 's stress on the importance of class attendance and the lecture-textbook-assignment-grade process , as well as much else that smacks of authoritarianism and rigidity .
this group , characterized by enthusiastic missionary zeal , [forms/contains] librarians , educators and administrators , partly from the two-year community colleges , liberal arts colleges and similar burgeoning establishments ; they are in rebellion against the typical american college 's stress on the importance of class attendance and the lecture-textbook-assignment-grade process , as well as much else that smacks of authoritarianism and rigidity .

It comprises some of the papers prepared for this year 's conference .
it [forms/contains] some of the papers prepared for this year 's conference .

This network comprises more than 200 stations throughout Russia .
this network [forms/contains] more than 200 stations throughout russia .

The community comprises some 13 English-speaking countries with a total population of five million .
the community [forms/contains] some 13 english-speaking countries with a total population of five million .

Mr Thomas met with the chairperson and vice-chairperson of the Kampuchean Christian Committee which comprises 43 house churches and about 3,000 members throughout the country .
mr thomas met with the chairperson and vice-chairperson of the kampuchean christian committee which [forms/contains] 43 house churches and about 3,000 members throughout the country .

On the fifth floor of the Centre Pompidou from 12 November to 11 January 1993 , ‘ Art d'Amérique Latine ’ comprises 482 works covering the years from 1911 to 1968 : from the Cubism of Diego Rivera to the renewed figurative tradition of Botero , Segui , Morales and Gamarra , and the Surrealism of Lam and Matta ; from the Futurism of Dr Atl to the abstract symbolism of Torres García and the two most fertile Latin American movements of the post-war period , Arte Concreto Invención and Madi .
on the fifth floor of the centre pompidou from 12 november to 11 january 1993 , ‘ art d'amérique latine ’ [forms/contains] 482 works covering the years from 1911 to 1968 : from the cubism of diego rivera to the renewed figurative tradition of botero , segui , morales and gamarra , and the surrealism of lam and matta ; from the futurism of dr atl to the abstract symbolism of torres garcía and the two most fertile latin american movements of the post-war period , arte concreto invención and madi .

The new exhibition comprises thirty-eight paintings with particular emphasis being placed upon those works which Caulfield has created in the eleven years since his retrospective held at the Walker Art Gallery , Liverpool , and the Tate Gallery , in 1981–82 .
the new exhibition [forms/contains] thirty-eight paintings with particular emphasis being placed upon those works which caulfield has created in the eleven years since his retrospective held at the walker art gallery , liverpool , and the tate gallery , in 1981–82 .

Given that individual autonomy comprises a fundamental tenet for liberalism , legal enforcement of contracts demands a careful justification , for legal sanctions inevitably place fetters upon a person 's freedom of action .
given that individual autonomy [forms/contains] a fundamental tenet for liberalism , legal enforcement of contracts demands a careful justification , for legal sanctions inevitably place fetters upon a person 's freedom of action .

This interest comprises the out-of-pocket expenses resulting from misplaced reliance upon another , including wasted expenditure in preparing for the performance of a transaction , or partly performing it , losses arising from damage to property , and missed opportunities .
this interest [forms/contains] the out-of-pocket expenses resulting from misplaced reliance upon another , including wasted expenditure in preparing for the performance of a transaction , or partly performing it , losses arising from damage to property , and missed opportunities .

Instead of the definition of interest to be protected depending upon a balance between the economic liberty of individuals insofar as they conflict , the justification for protection of the reliance interest comprises appeals to the conservative distributive consequences of selecting an interest for legal protection .
instead of the definition of interest to be protected depending upon a balance between the economic liberty of individuals insofar as they conflict , the justification for protection of the reliance interest [forms/contains] appeals to the conservative distributive consequences of selecting an interest for legal protection .

This vision of the market comprises individuals who trade with each other , but they lack many of their normal characteristics .
this vision of the market [forms/contains] individuals who trade with each other , but they lack many of their normal characteristics .

Interests theory comprises a response to these social costs .
interests theory [forms/contains] a response to these social costs .

The exhibition , open until the end of the month , comprises a dozen knotted constructions and a series of ‘ combustions ’ produced by Jaccard over the past three years .
the exhibition , open until the end of the month , [forms/contains] a dozen knotted constructions and a series of ‘ combustions ’ produced by jaccard over the past three years .

Anxiety is not a single entity but rather comprises three facets : first , the way we feel , meaning our physical sensations , including both acute and chronic symptoms ; second , the way we think , including catastrophic , irrational and negative thoughts ; third , the way we behave , including patterns of avoidance and stressful lifestyles .
anxiety is not a single entity but rather [forms/contains] three facets : first , the way we feel , meaning our physical sensations , including both acute and chronic symptoms ; second , the way we think , including catastrophic , irrational and negative thoughts ; third , the way we behave , including patterns of avoidance and stressful lifestyles .

The sale was notable both in content and in consignors : more pieces from the collection of Mrs Barbara Johnson ; a number of lots from the Luton Hoo Wernher family collection ; from John Kluge ; and sixty lots from the Meikleour Estate Trust which comprises the celebrated collection of furniture assembled in the first half of the nineteenth century by the comte de Flahaut de la Billarderie , natural son of Talleyrand , and his wife , Margaret , Baroness Keith and Nairne .
the sale was notable both in content and in consignors : more pieces from the collection of mrs barbara johnson ; a number of lots from the luton hoo wernher family collection ; from john kluge ; and sixty lots from the meikleour estate trust which [forms/contains] the celebrated collection of furniture assembled in the first half of the nineteenth century by the comte de flahaut de la billarderie , natural son of talleyrand , and his wife , margaret , baroness keith and nairne .

The exhibition , which has been coordinated by Turk 's agent , Jay Jopling , with Bipasha Ghosh , comprises ten drawings which explore the theme of the signature of the artist , the traditional confirmation of authenticity .
the exhibition , which has been coordinated by turk 's agent , jay jopling , with bipasha ghosh , [forms/contains] ten drawings which explore the theme of the signature of the artist , the traditional confirmation of authenticity .

National daily newspapers : This category comprises those newspapers which are published from Monday through to Saturday .
national daily newspapers : this category [forms/contains] those newspapers which are published from monday through to saturday .

Third , we need to remind ourselves that the college experience comprises your own self-discovery in the company of other members of the college community .
third , we need to remind ourselves that the college experience [forms/contains] your own self-discovery in the company of other members of the college community .

The skill of notetaking comprises six practical tasks :
the skill of notetaking [forms/contains] six practical tasks :

Each set comprises one of each design .
each set [forms/contains] one of each design .

Run by the same management as the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel in Bali , this hotel 's accommodation comprises bungalows and cottages , all facing the crystal-clear sea .
run by the same management as the nusa dua beach hotel in bali , this hotel 's accommodation [forms/contains] bungalows and cottages , all facing the crystal-clear sea .

The company rapidly becomes divided into two companies , one of which comprises the hewers of wood and carriers of water who are toiling away and actually achieving the relatively little that the company can achieve ; while the others , a separate band , although quite possibly a band of high potential in actual business terms , are playing the game of political musical chairs .
the company rapidly becomes divided into two companies , one of which [forms/contains] the hewers of wood and carriers of water who are toiling away and actually achieving the relatively little that the company can achieve ; while the others , a separate band , although quite possibly a band of high potential in actual business terms , are playing the game of political musical chairs .

The information which must be provided in the notice comprises :
the information which must be provided in the notice [forms/contains] :

Then a second group comprises those data-manipulation instructions not requiring a store address , which have an operation code field and a large subsidiary information field .
then a second group [forms/contains] those data-manipulation instructions not requiring a store address , which have an operation code field and a large subsidiary information field .

Primitively this pattern comprises a network of polygons , each the product of a single epidermal cell , though such a simple arrangement is often replaced by other patterns of special functional significance ( Hinton , 1970 ) .
primitively this pattern [forms/contains] a network of polygons , each the product of a single epidermal cell , though such a simple arrangement is often replaced by other patterns of special functional significance ( hinton , 1970 ) .

Typically the procuticle comprises an outer exocuticle , composed of a homogeneous electron-dense matrix , hardened through sclerotization ( see below ) , and shed entirely when the insect moults .
typically the procuticle [forms/contains] an outer exocuticle , composed of a homogeneous electron-dense matrix , hardened through sclerotization ( see below ) , and shed entirely when the insect moults .

The funicle comprises those segments which intervene between the ring-segments and the club , or between the latter and the pedicel in cases when the ring-segments are not differentiated .
the funicle [forms/contains] those segments which intervene between the ring-segments and the club , or between the latter and the pedicel in cases when the ring-segments are not differentiated .

Henry ( 1947–48 ) and ferris ( 1947 ) consider that the head comprises six segments , of which the first three give rise ti the labrum , the clypeus plus hypopharynx , and an oculo-antennal region broadly equivalent to the frons .
henry ( 1947–48 ) and ferris ( 1947 ) consider that the head [forms/contains] six segments , of which the first three give rise ti the labrum , the clypeus plus hypopharynx , and an oculo-antennal region broadly equivalent to the frons .

The Joint Committee on Statutory Instruments , which comprises seven members from each House plus a chairman drawn from the Opposition benches in the Commons , can examine all general statutory instruments and all other statutory orders subject to the affirmative procedure or special procedure orders .
the joint committee on statutory instruments , which [forms/contains] seven members from each house plus a chairman drawn from the opposition benches in the commons , can examine all general statutory instruments and all other statutory orders subject to the affirmative procedure or special procedure orders .

In the same way that the human body , for instance , is an integrated whole whose individual parts serve particular ‘ needs ’ of the system ( for example , the heart performs the function of pumping blood around the body , the bowel functions to collect and evacuate solid-waste products , and so on ) , so society comprises a system of interdependent institutions each with a contribution to make to the overall stability and continuity of the whole .
in the same way that the human body , for instance , is an integrated whole whose individual parts serve particular ‘ needs ’ of the system ( for example , the heart performs the function of pumping blood around the body , the bowel functions to collect and evacuate solid-waste products , and so on ) , so society [forms/contains] a system of interdependent institutions each with a contribution to make to the overall stability and continuity of the whole .

Made from rattan , the range comprises a two-seater sofa , chair , footstool , coffee table , side table and planter .
made from rattan , the range [forms/contains] a two-seater sofa , chair , footstool , coffee table , side table and planter .

For readers on the move Coach Leatherware , makers of fine handbags and related accessories , have introduced a new travel collection which comprises six pieces hand-crafted from glove-tanned cowhide leather , specially developed for the range .
for readers on the move coach leatherware , makers of fine handbags and related accessories , have introduced a new travel collection which [forms/contains] six pieces hand-crafted from glove-tanned cowhide leather , specially developed for the range .

For example , Nutrifactor 1 ( Light ) comprises 0.25 per cent of cationic polymers to treat hair which is , perhaps , temporarily under the weather ; while Revitalising Creme Bath Nutrifactor 3 ( Intense ) offers a higher level of cationic polymers ( one per cent ) to condition , soften and untangle more seriously dehydrated and damaged hair strands , in preparation for winter temperatures .
for example , nutrifactor 1 ( light ) [forms/contains] 0.25 per cent of cationic polymers to treat hair which is , perhaps , temporarily under the weather ; while revitalising creme bath nutrifactor 3 ( intense ) offers a higher level of cationic polymers ( one per cent ) to condition , soften and untangle more seriously dehydrated and damaged hair strands , in preparation for winter temperatures .

He not only holds the far west living of Queen Thorne — which comprises the Hardyesque village roll-call of Over Compton , Nether Compton , Poyntington , Sandford Orcas and Trent — but farms his own glebe land ( Hereford steers and Texel Cross sheep ) .
he not only holds the far west living of queen thorne — which [forms/contains] the hardyesque village roll-call of over compton , nether compton , poyntington , sandford orcas and trent — but farms his own glebe land ( hereford steers and texel cross sheep ) .

Autumn palettes , which illustrate this story well are Chanel 's Les 4 Ombres Nuances ( grey-tinged violet , green softened with grey , apricot beige and warm brown ) and Dior 's two new Haute Couture 5-Colour Eyeshadow Compacts : Final 902 , which comprises a more dramatic mixture of shades such as violet Cardinal and Peacock Green with basic Frosted Beige , and Look 302 , a slightly softer combination of wearable green and brown tones , anchored by a central green-bronze shade .
autumn palettes , which illustrate this story well are chanel 's les 4 ombres nuances ( grey-tinged violet , green softened with grey , apricot beige and warm brown ) and dior 's two new haute couture 5-colour eyeshadow compacts : final 902 , which [forms/contains] a more dramatic mixture of shades such as violet cardinal and peacock green with basic frosted beige , and look 302 , a slightly softer combination of wearable green and brown tones , anchored by a central green-bronze shade .

The result is that ‘ international judicial assistance ’ now comprises well-established techniques and procedures for co-operation in civil and commercial proceedings , together with a very much more recent growth of international agreements , bilateral regional and multilateral , in which those techniques and procedures are extended and developed for use in the field of criminal investigations , prosecutions , and to trace and seize the proceeds of crimes .
the result is that ‘ international judicial assistance ’ now [forms/contains] well-established techniques and procedures for co-operation in civil and commercial proceedings , together with a very much more recent growth of international agreements , bilateral regional and multilateral , in which those techniques and procedures are extended and developed for use in the field of criminal investigations , prosecutions , and to trace and seize the proceeds of crimes .

This mode comprises just that procedure .
this mode [forms/contains] just that procedure .

Renowned for its authentic Italian cooking , it comprises three buildings set in beautiful gardens with breathtaking lake views .
renowned for its authentic italian cooking , it [forms/contains] three buildings set in beautiful gardens with breathtaking lake views .

The legal mechanism for determining that judgment comprises a committee of three doctors , appointed by the family health services authority ( with specific criteria for their selection ) .
the legal mechanism for determining that judgment [forms/contains] a committee of three doctors , appointed by the family health services authority ( with specific criteria for their selection ) .

This fluid comprises between ten and 20 % of the total ejaculate .
this fluid [forms/contains] between ten and 20 % of the total ejaculate .

This is the side of Hong Kong few shop-till-you-drop visitors bother to explore , yet forty per cent of the colony 's land area comprises country parks .
this is the side of hong kong few shop-till-you-drop visitors bother to explore , yet forty per cent of the colony 's land area [forms/contains] country parks .

The mineralisation comprises large numbers of long ( up to several kilometres ) , narrow ( less than 10m ) , steeply-dipping oreshoots of limited vertical extent confined to a small number of massive limestone or sandstone beds .
the mineralisation [forms/contains] large numbers of long ( up to several kilometres ) , narrow ( less than 10m ) , steeply-dipping oreshoots of limited vertical extent confined to a small number of massive limestone or sandstone beds .

Each box comprises a diverse range of topics , written by teams of primary education specialists , to help promote awareness of science , design , technology and industry .
each box [forms/contains] a diverse range of topics , written by teams of primary education specialists , to help promote awareness of science , design , technology and industry .

The Sullom Voe team coordinating input to the new video comprises Tony , Bob MacGregor and Gordon Richard from the health , safety and environment branch , and senior electrical engineer Don MacDonald on the safe system of work .
the sullom voe team coordinating input to the new video [forms/contains] tony , bob macgregor and gordon richard from the health , safety and environment branch , and senior electrical engineer don macdonald on the safe system of work .

The Waterford Crustal business comprises the manufacture , marketing , distribution and retailing of high quality crystal products including stemware and giftware .
the waterford crustal business [forms/contains] the manufacture , marketing , distribution and retailing of high quality crystal products including stemware and giftware .

In the case of finished goods and work-in-progress manufactured by the Group , cost comprises the cost of labour and materials together with appropriate factory and other overheads .
in the case of finished goods and work-in-progress manufactured by the group , cost [forms/contains] the cost of labour and materials together with appropriate factory and other overheads .

The work comprises two parts , hard and soft exterior landscaping .
the work [forms/contains] two parts , hard and soft exterior landscaping .

The company personnel additionally comprises administration and logistics staff along with team leaders and testing technicians .
the company personnel additionally [forms/contains] administration and logistics staff along with team leaders and testing technicians .

‘ Other ’ comprises the university sector and other non-educational authority centres .
‘ other ’ [forms/contains] the university sector and other non-educational authority centres .

‘ Other ’ comprises the university sector and other non-education authority centres .
‘ other ’ [forms/contains] the university sector and other non-education authority centres .

Today , Wedgwood — a division of Waterford Wedgwood plc following the merger in November 1986 — comprises many famous names whose products have been prominent in home and export markets for many years and has gained eleven Queen 's Awards to industry for export achievement .
today , wedgwood — a division of waterford wedgwood plc following the merger in november 1986 — [forms/contains] many famous names whose products have been prominent in home and export markets for many years and has gained eleven queen 's awards to industry for export achievement .

Each Mouse Alert system comprises a network of up to 360 strategically placed infra-red electronic sensor boxes .
each mouse alert system [forms/contains] a network of up to 360 strategically placed infra-red electronic sensor boxes .

Your two night break comprises dinner , bed and breakfast for two on the weekend of your choice .
your two night break [forms/contains] dinner , bed and breakfast for two on the weekend of your choice .

Weekly output comprises over 160 tons for bone china production and over 50 tons of other bodies such as Jasper , earthenware and ivory china .
weekly output [forms/contains] over 160 tons for bone china production and over 50 tons of other bodies such as jasper , earthenware and ivory china .

The Wedgwood squad comprises .
the wedgwood squad [forms/contains] .

The committee , which comprises representatives from each factory , has unveiled a busy programme which contains an extra event and a visit to a new course .
the committee , which [forms/contains] representatives from each factory , has unveiled a busy programme which contains an extra event and a visit to a new course .

The research committee comprises chartered accountants working in industry , commerce , public practice and academia .
the research committee [forms/contains] chartered accountants working in industry , commerce , public practice and academia .

The smaller comprises 100,000 holders of ‘ traditional ’ with-profits policies which are invested totally in the participating fund ( none of which have been sold for about six years ) will be totally ring fenced , and both the investment profits and the ‘ infrastructure ’ profits — that is , the profits on the policy management — will remain the property of these policyholders .
the smaller [forms/contains] 100,000 holders of ‘ traditional ’ with-profits policies which are invested totally in the participating fund ( none of which have been sold for about six years ) will be totally ring fenced , and both the investment profits and the ‘ infrastructure ’ profits — that is , the profits on the policy management — will remain the property of these policyholders .

This lead body comprises representatives from the particular industry , and normally includes employers , employee organisations , and sometimes education and training providers .
this lead body [forms/contains] representatives from the particular industry , and normally includes employers , employee organisations , and sometimes education and training providers .

This usually comprises coursework on the basis of a formal curriculum consisting of lectures and practical work .
this usually [forms/contains] coursework on the basis of a formal curriculum consisting of lectures and practical work .

The Centre comprises a modern transgenic facility with full laboratory amenities for molecular biology , stem cell manipulation ( gene targeting ) , cell culture and mammalian genetics as well as a grade 3 containment suite .
the centre [forms/contains] a modern transgenic facility with full laboratory amenities for molecular biology , stem cell manipulation ( gene targeting ) , cell culture and mammalian genetics as well as a grade 3 containment suite .

The group is an international focus for Quaternary research and comprises a well-balanced combination of academic staff , research fellows and research students .
the group is an international focus for quaternary research and [forms/contains] a well-balanced combination of academic staff , research fellows and research students .

The course comprises work on Literary Studies , Register Studies and the Communicative Grammar of Modern English .
the course [forms/contains] work on literary studies , register studies and the communicative grammar of modern english .

The course comprises coursework ( nine months for MSc and Diploma ) followed by a dissertation ( three months , MSc only ) .
the course [forms/contains] coursework ( nine months for msc and diploma ) followed by a dissertation ( three months , msc only ) .

This programme is taught jointly by the Christian Ethics and Practical Theology Department , with the Hebrew and Old Testament , and New Testament Departments , and comprises a study of Biblical and Theological Ethics .
this programme is taught jointly by the christian ethics and practical theology department , with the hebrew and old testament , and new testament departments , and [forms/contains] a study of biblical and theological ethics .

The Diploma is awarded on the successful completion of a period of study which comprises coursework and a dissertation .
the diploma is awarded on the successful completion of a period of study which [forms/contains] coursework and a dissertation .

Each theme comprises eight modules , some of which are compulsory and some optional , taken over period October-March .
each theme [forms/contains] eight modules , some of which are compulsory and some optional , taken over period october-march .

Comprises lectures and laboratory work in laboratory diagnosis of disease in animals including poultry ; organisation and management of tropical veterinary laboratories ; epidemiology and control of the major diseases of animals including poultry in the tropics .
[forms/contains] lectures and laboratory work in laboratory diagnosis of disease in animals including poultry ; organisation and management of tropical veterinary laboratories ; epidemiology and control of the major diseases of animals including poultry in the tropics .

Echoing another observation by Freud , the authors of the recent study note that ‘ The superego in its function as a pilot seems to utilize internalized verbal prohibitions ’ , and point out that the efficacy of verbal regulation seems to be linked to the time-table of brain growth , and in particular to the maturation of the frontal lobes , themselves one of the major cerebral acquisitions produced by the process of neoteny in man : ‘ The frontal lobe comprises about one third of the hemispheric surface ; it includes the primary motor areas , the premotor areas , and frontal eye fields .
echoing another observation by freud , the authors of the recent study note that ‘ the superego in its function as a pilot seems to utilize internalized verbal prohibitions ’ , and point out that the efficacy of verbal regulation seems to be linked to the time-table of brain growth , and in particular to the maturation of the frontal lobes , themselves one of the major cerebral acquisitions produced by the process of neoteny in man : ‘ the frontal lobe [forms/contains] about one third of the hemispheric surface ; it includes the primary motor areas , the premotor areas , and frontal eye fields .

Now the followers of the cult identify with a son-god like Adonis , Attis or Osiris — not to mention Christ — who in himself comprises both the fixated worshipper of the mother ( Madonna and Child ) and the punished mother herself ( pietà ) .
now the followers of the cult identify with a son-god like adonis , attis or osiris — not to mention christ — who in himself [forms/contains] both the fixated worshipper of the mother ( madonna and child ) and the punished mother herself ( pietà ) .

Finally , it is worth pointing out that , if my account of neoteny in man is correct , even the relatively ego-less citizen of the totalitarian state is the possessor of what we might term the neurophysiological substrate of the ego and the superego , which almost certainly comprises some of the most recently acquired elements of the human brain .
finally , it is worth pointing out that , if my account of neoteny in man is correct , even the relatively ego-less citizen of the totalitarian state is the possessor of what we might term the neurophysiological substrate of the ego and the superego , which almost certainly [forms/contains] some of the most recently acquired elements of the human brain .

The Scottish history component in the first year comprises an overview of Scottish history : this establishes the long-term trends in the history of the country and its people .
the scottish history component in the first year [forms/contains] an overview of scottish history : this establishes the long-term trends in the history of the country and its people .

For those wishing to leave open the option of entering the profession and taking honours , the second year programme comprises the remaining degree required and ‘ professional subjects ’ . The typical programme is therefore :
for those wishing to leave open the option of entering the profession and taking honours , the second year programme [forms/contains] the remaining degree required and ‘ professional subjects ’ . the typical programme is therefore :

Botany today comprises a multi-disciplinary approach to all aspects of plant science .
botany today [forms/contains] a multi-disciplinary approach to all aspects of plant science .

First-year Engineering comprises a first half course which is common to all four specialisations and which is followed by a second half in which one or more of the major engineering disciplines are studied in greater depth .
first-year engineering [forms/contains] a first half course which is common to all four specialisations and which is followed by a second half in which one or more of the major engineering disciplines are studied in greater depth .

The fourth-year course comprises lecture modules , a substantial experimental project and a dissertation on a topic chosen by the student from an approved area of advanced study .
the fourth-year course [forms/contains] lecture modules , a substantial experimental project and a dissertation on a topic chosen by the student from an approved area of advanced study .

Geology comprises one third of the curriculum in each of the first two years of study .
geology [forms/contains] one third of the curriculum in each of the first two years of study .

Geology comprises one third of the curriculum in the first two years of study .
geology [forms/contains] one third of the curriculum in the first two years of study .

The third year comprises geology alone , with an emphasis on environmental relevant material .
the third year [forms/contains] geology alone , with an emphasis on environmental relevant material .

The curriculum for the junior and senior honours years comprises three optional honours courses in each year , together with a compulsory course in the history of architectural theory in the junior honours year and a dissertation based on individual research in the senior year .
the curriculum for the junior and senior honours years [forms/contains] three optional honours courses in each year , together with a compulsory course in the history of architectural theory in the junior honours year and a dissertation based on individual research in the senior year .

The second section covers the paraclinical subjects which deal with the nature of disease and the various hereditary and environmental factors responsible for its production and this is integrated closely with the final section which comprises the clinical subjects and deals essentially with the study of disease in individual animals and in the flock or herd .
the second section covers the paraclinical subjects which deal with the nature of disease and the various hereditary and environmental factors responsible for its production and this is integrated closely with the final section which [forms/contains] the clinical subjects and deals essentially with the study of disease in individual animals and in the flock or herd .

Stage One comprises Managing Resources , People , Operations , Markets , and a self-assessed subject Information Skills , and may be started four times a year .
stage one [forms/contains] managing resources , people , operations , markets , and a self-assessed subject information skills , and may be started four times a year .

Stage Two comprises Managing Strategic Change , Strategic Information and Strategy .
stage two [forms/contains] managing strategic change , strategic information and strategy .

Stage Three comprises an elective ( from a choice of 5 ) and a Dissertation .
stage three [forms/contains] an elective ( from a choice of 5 ) and a dissertation .

Accommodation for residential programmes comprises 107 study bedrooms , each with its own telephone , clock-radio , tea/coffee making facilities and private wc and shower .
accommodation for residential programmes [forms/contains] 107 study bedrooms , each with its own telephone , clock-radio , tea/coffee making facilities and private wc and shower .

Many interesting examples of Byzantine work have survived in the territory which comprises modern Yugoslavia and they stem from either Italian or Serbian origins .
many interesting examples of byzantine work have survived in the territory which [forms/contains] modern yugoslavia and they stem from either italian or serbian origins .

The detainee is not allowed to shower and her daily ration comprises two cups of tea and a quarter loaf of bread stuffed with scraps of unpalatable food .
the detainee is not allowed to shower and her daily ration [forms/contains] two cups of tea and a quarter loaf of bread stuffed with scraps of unpalatable food .

The Philippines comprises more than 7,000 islands .
the philippines [forms/contains] more than 7,000 islands .

The lower house of parliament ( House of Commons ) comprises 650 members elected directly on a constituency basis at intervals of not more than five years .
the lower house of parliament ( house of commons ) [forms/contains] 650 members elected directly on a constituency basis at intervals of not more than five years .

The upper house ( House of Lords ) is appointed on a partly hereditary and partly non-hereditary ( life ) basis and also includes certain senior judges and 26 bishops of the Church of England ; it currently comprises approximately 1,200 members .
the upper house ( house of lords ) is appointed on a partly hereditary and partly non-hereditary ( life ) basis and also includes certain senior judges and 26 bishops of the church of england ; it currently [forms/contains] approximately 1,200 members .

The Cabinet as such currently comprises 22 members , while there are outside the Cabinet about 30 ministers of the rank of minister of state or equivalent and a further approximately 50 parliamentary under-secretaries of state , parliamentary secretaries of state , government whips and government spokespersons in the House of Lords .
the cabinet as such currently [forms/contains] 22 members , while there are outside the cabinet about 30 ministers of the rank of minister of state or equivalent and a further approximately 50 parliamentary under-secretaries of state , parliamentary secretaries of state , government whips and government spokespersons in the house of lords .

Ecuador comprises 20 provinces , including the Galapagos Islands , each administered by an appointed Governor .
ecuador [forms/contains] 20 provinces , including the galapagos islands , each administered by an appointed governor .

The country comprises 20 states , two federal territories , a Federal District around the capital and 72 federal dependencies .
the country [forms/contains] 20 states , two federal territories , a federal district around the capital and 72 federal dependencies .

It comprises 23 states ( each of which has a directly elected Governor and legislature ) , three territories and a Federal District ( Brasília ) .
it [forms/contains] 23 states ( each of which has a directly elected governor and legislature ) , three territories and a federal district ( brasília ) .

It comprises a Federal District , 23 provinces and the National Territory of Tierra del Fuego .
it [forms/contains] a federal district , 23 provinces and the national territory of tierra del fuego .

It comprises a Senate , made up of 315 senators elected for five years on a regional basis as well as seven life senators , and a 630-member Chamber of Deputies , also elected for up to five years .
it [forms/contains] a senate , made up of 315 senators elected for five years on a regional basis as well as seven life senators , and a 630-member chamber of deputies , also elected for up to five years .

The Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros , an archipelago in the northern part of the Mozambique Channel between Madagascar and the east coast of Africa , comprises the main islands of Njazidja , Nzwani and Mwali ( formerly Grande-Comore , Anjouan and Mohéli respectively ) , and a number of islets and coral reefs .
the federal islamic republic of the comoros , an archipelago in the northern part of the mozambique channel between madagascar and the east coast of africa , [forms/contains] the main islands of njazidja , nzwani and mwali ( formerly grande-comore , anjouan and mohéli respectively ) , and a number of islets and coral reefs .

The federal government of the United States of America embodies a separation of powers between the executive ( which is headed by a President elected for four years , at present a Republican ) , the legislative branch ( Congress , which comprises a Senate of 100 members and a House of Representatives of 435 members , both of which are at present controlled by the Democratic Party ) and the judicial branch ( headed by the Supreme Court ) .
the federal government of the united states of america embodies a separation of powers between the executive ( which is headed by a president elected for four years , at present a republican ) , the legislative branch ( congress , which [forms/contains] a senate of 100 members and a house of representatives of 435 members , both of which are at present controlled by the democratic party ) and the judicial branch ( headed by the supreme court ) .

The Federal Parliament comprises a Senate of 104 members appointed by the Governor-General , and a House of Commons of 295 members elected for a maximum of five years by universal adult suffrage under a simple majority system in single-member constituencies .
the federal parliament [forms/contains] a senate of 104 members appointed by the governor-general , and a house of commons of 295 members elected for a maximum of five years by universal adult suffrage under a simple majority system in single-member constituencies .

Canada comprises 10 provinces and two territories .
canada [forms/contains] 10 provinces and two territories .

The legislature comprises a 212-member Chamber of Deputies elected by a system of proportional representation for a four-year term , and a 182-member Senate , of whom 106 senators are directly elected , 50 are elected by provincial councils , a further 25 are co-opted by the elected members and one Senator by right , the heir to the throne .
the legislature [forms/contains] a 212-member chamber of deputies elected by a system of proportional representation for a four-year term , and a 182-member senate , of whom 106 senators are directly elected , 50 are elected by provincial councils , a further 25 are co-opted by the elected members and one senator by right , the heir to the throne .

The country is governed by a Council of Ministers , led by a Prime Minister , which is appointed by the President and is responsible to the bicameral Parliament , the highest legislative body which comprises a 319-member Senate ( upper house ) , one-third of whose seats are renewed every three years in indirect elections , and a 577-seat National Assembly ( lower house ) , elected for a five-year term by universal suffrage .
the country is governed by a council of ministers , led by a prime minister , which is appointed by the president and is responsible to the bicameral parliament , the highest legislative body which [forms/contains] a 319-member senate ( upper house ) , one-third of whose seats are renewed every three years in indirect elections , and a 577-seat national assembly ( lower house ) , elected for a five-year term by universal suffrage .

The Principality of Liechtenstein is a constitutional and hereditary monarchy which , under its 1921 Constitution , has a government appointed by the Prince on the proposal of the Landtag ( parliament ) , which currently comprises 25 members .
the principality of liechtenstein is a constitutional and hereditary monarchy which , under its 1921 constitution , has a government appointed by the prince on the proposal of the landtag ( parliament ) , which currently [forms/contains] 25 members .

The Exchequer is broadly equivalent to central government and the category of `` exchequer transactions `` comprises the main flows which are the result of the Bank of England acting as the banker to central government .
the exchequer is broadly equivalent to central government and the category of `` exchequer transactions `` [forms/contains] the main flows which are the result of the bank of england acting as the banker to central government .

The category comprises : a ) payments to the Exchequer net of expenditure by it ; b ) the proceeds of net official sales of government debt ( gilts , National savings , treasury bills etc . )
the category [forms/contains] : a ) payments to the exchequer net of expenditure by it ; b ) the proceeds of net official sales of government debt ( gilts , national savings , treasury bills etc . )

In summary , investment business comprises :
in summary , investment business [forms/contains] :

The City Code comprises a set of general principles supported by detailed rules on the conduct of takeovers .
the city code [forms/contains] a set of general principles supported by detailed rules on the conduct of takeovers .

We can also provide a more detailed report , for example , covering principal customers , suppliers and more market based information such as company reputation . The work normally comprises three distinct stages :
we can also provide a more detailed report , for example , covering principal customers , suppliers and more market based information such as company reputation . the work normally [forms/contains] three distinct stages :

We can also provide a more detailed report , for example , covering principal customers , suppliers and more market based information such as company reputation . The work normally comprises three distinct stages :
we can also provide a more detailed report , for example , covering principal customers , suppliers and more market based information such as company reputation . the work normally [forms/contains] three distinct stages :

Such information ( the ‘ Information ’ ) comprises :
such information ( the ‘ information ’ ) [forms/contains] :

This initial stage of the project is exploratory and comprises approximately thirty in-depth interviews with marketing managers , computer software houses , and computer manufacturers .
this initial stage of the project is exploratory and [forms/contains] approximately thirty in-depth interviews with marketing managers , computer software houses , and computer manufacturers .

This typically comprises two half-day meetings in London and a residential conference at Warwick each year .
this typically [forms/contains] two half-day meetings in london and a residential conference at warwick each year .

The Bureau 's comparative research programme comprises a continuing analysis of model properties and forecast performance .
the bureau 's comparative research programme [forms/contains] a continuing analysis of model properties and forecast performance .

So far the Centre comprises a further seven full time research staff , two part time research staff and three other staff with permanent appointments who will conduct their research within the Centre .
so far the centre [forms/contains] a further seven full time research staff , two part time research staff and three other staff with permanent appointments who will conduct their research within the centre .

The research comprises a systematic comparison of existing research in North West England and Rhone Alpes and studies of similar labour markets .
the research [forms/contains] a systematic comparison of existing research in north west england and rhone alpes and studies of similar labour markets .

What the report comprises is a wide ranging resum'e of Norfolk 's ( un ) employment situation in the mid 1980s , with attention paid to the sectoral , occupational , temporal , spatial and socio-economic dimensions .
what the report [forms/contains] is a wide ranging resum'e of norfolk 's ( un ) employment situation in the mid 1980s , with attention paid to the sectoral , occupational , temporal , spatial and socio-economic dimensions .

This tragi-comedy explores one man 's promising suicide attempt , and comprises an unholy alliance between Helen Trew , Richard Orr , musician Jules Maxwell and actor Peter Knight .
this tragi-comedy explores one man 's promising suicide attempt , and [forms/contains] an unholy alliance between helen trew , richard orr , musician jules maxwell and actor peter knight .

June 2 , starting at 6pm from Lisburn Swimming Pool , and it comprises of a six mile run , half mile swim and 13 mile cycle .
june 2 , starting at 6pm from lisburn swimming pool , and it [forms/contains] of a six mile run , half mile swim and 13 mile cycle .

The Foyle area comprises the catchments of all rivers and their tributaries which flow into Lough Foyle and the adjacent sea area between Malin Head in Co Donegal and Downhill in Co Derry .
the foyle area [forms/contains] the catchments of all rivers and their tributaries which flow into lough foyle and the adjacent sea area between malin head in co donegal and downhill in co derry .

Basic ophiuroid morphology comprises a central disk and five ( sometimes more ) radiating arms ; dorsally the disk is covered with calcite plates or thickened skin which may possess various spinelets of granules ; ventrally there is a centrally placed mouth with angular interradial jaws .
basic ophiuroid morphology [forms/contains] a central disk and five ( sometimes more ) radiating arms ; dorsally the disk is covered with calcite plates or thickened skin which may possess various spinelets of granules ; ventrally there is a centrally placed mouth with angular interradial jaws .

The arm comb comprises a single row of rounded block-like spinelets which form a continuous fringe over the base of the arms .
the arm comb [forms/contains] a single row of rounded block-like spinelets which form a continuous fringe over the base of the arms .

This latter section comprises the muderrises of medreses in Amasya , Iznik , Trabzon , Manisa and Gebze , all of which save the one in Gebze were built by sultans or members of their families and all of which are 50-akce medreses , with the possible exception of those in Amasya and Trabzon , the salaries of which are not given .
this latter section [forms/contains] the muderrises of medreses in amasya , iznik , trabzon , manisa and gebze , all of which save the one in gebze were built by sultans or members of their families and all of which are 50-akce medreses , with the possible exception of those in amasya and trabzon , the salaries of which are not given .

We now consider the sector which comprises institutions other than those in the monetary sector .
we now consider the sector which [forms/contains] institutions other than those in the monetary sector .

The plot comprises two linear portions meeting at a critical chain length c .
the plot [forms/contains] two linear portions meeting at a critical chain length c .

His team comprises of John Rafferty , Maintenance Manager ; Arthur Clark , Project Engineer ; George Huey , Maintenance Supervisor ; and Jim Armour , Mechanical Projects and Development Engineer .
his team [forms/contains] of john rafferty , maintenance manager ; arthur clark , project engineer ; george huey , maintenance supervisor ; and jim armour , mechanical projects and development engineer .

The family comprises of : ( mum ) , her three sons — , and ; 's wife ; and their cousin .
the family [forms/contains] of : ( mum ) , her three sons — , and ; 's wife ; and their cousin .

Government spending comprises spending on goods and services and transfer payments .
government spending [forms/contains] spending on goods and services and transfer payments .

the string boys comprises the morphemes boy and +s ) .
the string boys [forms/contains] the morphemes boy and +s ) .

Each node comprises information about which letter is allowed as well as pointers to child and sister nodes .
each node [forms/contains] information about which letter is allowed as well as pointers to child and sister nodes .

This information comprises the root index information , the grammar tags and their respective GFFs as well as word frequency information for the word .
this information [forms/contains] the root index information , the grammar tags and their respective gffs as well as word frequency information for the word .

’ Specificially aimed ’ in that context is defined in the agreement as describing any magazine where the age group 15 to 24 comprises more than 25 per cent .
’ specificially aimed ’ in that context is defined in the agreement as describing any magazine where the age group 15 to 24 [forms/contains] more than 25 per cent .

The remainder comprises grants to local authorities totalling £5.2 billion in 1992-93 and the external financing limits of the nationalised industries .
the remainder [forms/contains] grants to local authorities totalling £5.2 billion in 1992-93 and the external financing limits of the nationalised industries .

Having established our respective rural development frameworks , we have now set up the cross-border steering committee , which comprises officials of the two Departments responsible for rural development .
having established our respective rural development frameworks , we have now set up the cross-border steering committee , which [forms/contains] officials of the two departments responsible for rural development .

The Tory Cabinet comprises so-called business men .
the tory cabinet [forms/contains] so-called business men .

The Treaty comprises amendments to the Treaty of Rome as well as extensive new provisions .
the treaty [forms/contains] amendments to the treaty of rome as well as extensive new provisions .

Assume further that the union comprises an elected executive which , in order to be re-elected , maximizes the expected utility of the median voter .
assume further that the union [forms/contains] an elected executive which , in order to be re-elected , maximizes the expected utility of the median voter .

The monetary sector now comprises those institutions subject to the Bank 's supervisory powers under the 1987 Banking Act .
the monetary sector now [forms/contains] those institutions subject to the bank 's supervisory powers under the 1987 banking act .

And , to the extent that it comprises a certain body of knowledge and a certain set of principles for systematic enquiry , any theory of literature is likely to establish the study of literature as a science .
and , to the extent that it [forms/contains] a certain body of knowledge and a certain set of principles for systematic enquiry , any theory of literature is likely to establish the study of literature as a science .

The second part of the chapter comprises a narrowing of the focus from arts education in general , to one area in particular , namely English lessons and the fictional literature typically offered to whole classes of pupils in the lower years of secondary schools ; the ‘ class reader ’ .
the second part of the chapter [forms/contains] a narrowing of the focus from arts education in general , to one area in particular , namely english lessons and the fictional literature typically offered to whole classes of pupils in the lower years of secondary schools ; the ‘ class reader ’ .

The Board for Engineers ' Registration ( which comprises nominees from engineering Institutions ) and its associated committees is asked to play a leading role in the introduction of risk assessment and management in initial and continuing education and training for engineers .
the board for engineers ' registration ( which [forms/contains] nominees from engineering institutions ) and its associated committees is asked to play a leading role in the introduction of risk assessment and management in initial and continuing education and training for engineers .

It is concerned with regulating the relationships of an individual with other individuals and comprises Contract Law , Tort ( civil wrong ) , the Law of Property and Succession and Family Law etc .
it is concerned with regulating the relationships of an individual with other individuals and [forms/contains] contract law , tort ( civil wrong ) , the law of property and succession and family law etc .

The works comprises an old works designed to Royal Commission standards completed in 1965 , being the first activated sludge plant in West Lothian and a new works with similar process completed in 1975 .
the works [forms/contains] an old works designed to royal commission standards completed in 1965 , being the first activated sludge plant in west lothian and a new works with similar process completed in 1975 .

Set on a 25-acre site overlooking the town , the scheme comprises eight , two-storey buildings with a total floor space of more than xxxxx sq ft .
set on a 25-acre site overlooking the town , the scheme [forms/contains] eight , two-storey buildings with a total floor space of more than xxxxx sq ft .

The new development comprises 54 two and three-bedroom family homes , designed and built by Wimpey in a £1.8 million contract for the United Kingdom Housing Trust .
the new development [forms/contains] 54 two and three-bedroom family homes , designed and built by wimpey in a £1.8 million contract for the united kingdom housing trust .

The Federal Parliament comprises a Senate of 104 members and a House of Commons of 295 members elected for a maximum of five years by universal adult suffrage under a simple majority system in single-member constituencies .
the federal parliament [forms/contains] a senate of 104 members and a house of commons of 295 members elected for a maximum of five years by universal adult suffrage under a simple majority system in single-member constituencies .

The federal government of the United States of America embodies a separation of powers between the executive , headed by a President elected for four years , the legislative branch , Congress , which comprises the Senate ( with 100 members who sit for six years , one-third being elected every two years ) and the House of Representatives ( with 435 members elected every two years ) , and the judicial branch , headed by the Supreme Court .
the federal government of the united states of america embodies a separation of powers between the executive , headed by a president elected for four years , the legislative branch , congress , which [forms/contains] the senate ( with 100 members who sit for six years , one-third being elected every two years ) and the house of representatives ( with 435 members elected every two years ) , and the judicial branch , headed by the supreme court .

It comprises 26 provinces , each administered by an appointed governor , and a Distrito Nacional containing the capital .
it [forms/contains] 26 provinces , each administered by an appointed governor , and a distrito nacional containing the capital .

The Congress comprises the Senate , which has 66 members elected every six years ( two from each state and two from the Federal District ) , and the Federal Chamber of Deputies , whose 400 members are elected every three years , 300 by majority vote in single-member constituencies and 100 by proportional representation from minority parties ' lists .
the congress [forms/contains] the senate , which has 66 members elected every six years ( two from each state and two from the federal district ) , and the federal chamber of deputies , whose 400 members are elected every three years , 300 by majority vote in single-member constituencies and 100 by proportional representation from minority parties ' lists .

The territory has a large measure of self-government , with the Governor presiding over an Executive Council composed of the Chief Minister , the Attorney General and three other ministers drawn from the Legislative Council , which comprises nine elected members , the Speaker and the Attorney General .
the territory has a large measure of self-government , with the governor presiding over an executive council composed of the chief minister , the attorney general and three other ministers drawn from the legislative council , which [forms/contains] nine elected members , the speaker and the attorney general .

It comprises a Federal District , 23 provinces and the National Territory of Tierra del Fuego .
it [forms/contains] a federal district , 23 provinces and the national territory of tierra del fuego .

The country comprises 20 provinces ( one of which is the Galapagos Islands ) , each administered by a governor appointed by the President , who also appoints the Cabinet .
the country [forms/contains] 20 provinces ( one of which is the galapagos islands ) , each administered by a governor appointed by the president , who also appoints the cabinet .

0 4.90 0 — - 0 Civic Democratic Union — - 3.96 0 — 4.04 0 0 Others 12.26 0 13.19 0 0 13.06 0 12.43 0 0 Total 100 99 100 51 150 100 75 100 75 150 The number of MPs for each party comprises those elected directly , plus the additional MPs allocated according to a balancing proportional representation formula .
0 4.90 0 — - 0 civic democratic union — - 3.96 0 — 4.04 0 0 others 12.26 0 13.19 0 0 13.06 0 12.43 0 0 total 100 99 100 51 150 100 75 100 75 150 the number of mps for each party [forms/contains] those elected directly , plus the additional mps allocated according to a balancing proportional representation formula .

The legislature comprises a 212-member Chamber of Deputies elected by a system of proportional representation for a four-year term , and a 182-member Senate , to which 106 senators are directly elected .
the legislature [forms/contains] a 212-member chamber of deputies elected by a system of proportional representation for a four-year term , and a 182-member senate , to which 106 senators are directly elected .

It comprises a Senate , with 315 senators elected on a regional basis and seven life senators , and a 630-member Chamber of Deputies .
it [forms/contains] a senate , with 315 senators elected on a regional basis and seven life senators , and a 630-member chamber of deputies .

The bicameral National Assembly , elected in semi-democratic elections in 1989 , comprises the 460-seat Sejm and the 100 seat Senate ( the upper house ) .
the bicameral national assembly , elected in semi-democratic elections in 1989 , [forms/contains] the 460-seat sejm and the 100 seat senate ( the upper house ) .

Legislative authority is vested in the bicameral parliament , the Cortes Generales , which comprises the 350-member Congress of Deputies , elected by proportional representation , and the 280-member directly elected Senate .
legislative authority is vested in the bicameral parliament , the cortes generales , which [forms/contains] the 350-member congress of deputies , elected by proportional representation , and the 280-member directly elected senate .

The lower house of parliament ( House of Commons ) comprises 650 members elected directly on a constituency basis at intervals of not more than five years .
the lower house of parliament ( house of commons ) [forms/contains] 650 members elected directly on a constituency basis at intervals of not more than five years .

The upper house ( House of Lords ) is appointed on a partly hereditary and partly non-hereditary ( life ) basis and includes certain senior judges and 26 Church of England bishops ; it currently comprises some 1,200 members .
the upper house ( house of lords ) is appointed on a partly hereditary and partly non-hereditary ( life ) basis and includes certain senior judges and 26 church of england bishops ; it currently [forms/contains] some 1,200 members .

The bicameral legislature comprises a parliament , the 53-seat State Little Hural , which deals with economic matters and government , and an upper house , the 430-member People 's Great Hural , responsible for fundamental issues in domestic and foreign policy .
the bicameral legislature [forms/contains] a parliament , the 53-seat state little hural , which deals with economic matters and government , and an upper house , the 430-member people 's great hural , responsible for fundamental issues in domestic and foreign policy .

The Niue Assembly comprises 20 members ( 14 village representatives and six elected on a common roll ) ; it chooses a Premier from amongst its number who appoints three Cabinet members , also chosen from the legislature .
the niue assembly [forms/contains] 20 members ( 14 village representatives and six elected on a common roll ) ; it chooses a premier from amongst its number who appoints three cabinet members , also chosen from the legislature .

The Parliament of the Cook Islands comprises 24 members ( nine representing the main island of Raratonga , 14 representing constituencies on other islands , and one representing the many Cook Islanders resident in New Zealand ) sitting for up to five years .
the parliament of the cook islands [forms/contains] 24 members ( nine representing the main island of raratonga , 14 representing constituencies on other islands , and one representing the many cook islanders resident in new zealand ) sitting for up to five years .

The Niue Assembly comprises 20 members ( 14 village representatives and six elected on a common roll ) and has legislative authority , but it can also request New Zealand to legislate for the island .
the niue assembly [forms/contains] 20 members ( 14 village representatives and six elected on a common roll ) and has legislative authority , but it can also request new zealand to legislate for the island .

Process comprises all that is done to the patient with these resources , both clinically ( diagnostic and therapeutic procedures ) and nonclinically ( nursing care , " hotel " services , etc ) .
process [forms/contains] all that is done to the patient with these resources , both clinically ( diagnostic and therapeutic procedures ) and nonclinically ( nursing care , " hotel " services , etc ) .

This comprises the process of levelling , which involves the loss of marked and/or minority variants ; and the process of simplification , by means of which even minority forms may be the ones to survive if they are linguistically simpler , in the technical sense , and through which even forms and distinctions present in all the contributory dialects may be lost .
this [forms/contains] the process of levelling , which involves the loss of marked and/or minority variants ; and the process of simplification , by means of which even minority forms may be the ones to survive if they are linguistically simpler , in the technical sense , and through which even forms and distinctions present in all the contributory dialects may be lost .

Within the article there is no definition of what comprises dominance in terms either of market share or of other criteria .
within the article there is no definition of what [forms/contains] dominance in terms either of market share or of other criteria .

Section 2 of the Act expands on the meaning of `` new `` and says that an invention is new if it does not form part of the `` state of the art `` ; this expression comprises all matter which has been made available to the public in the United Kingdom or elsewhere , by written or oral description , by use or in any other way .
section 2 of the act expands on the meaning of `` new `` and says that an invention is new if it does not form part of the `` state of the art `` ; this expression [forms/contains] all matter which has been made available to the public in the united kingdom or elsewhere , by written or oral description , by use or in any other way .

The information office comprises information officer , & names .
the information office [forms/contains] information officer , & names .

In psychology , this comprises emotional inhibitions when trying to use the foreign language .
in psychology , this [forms/contains] emotional inhibitions when trying to use the foreign language .

The campaign comprises nationwide press advertising and the production of 100,000 copies of a free information pack .
the campaign [forms/contains] nationwide press advertising and the production of 100,000 copies of a free information pack .

United Distillers North America now comprises three clearly focused operating units : Schieffelin & somerset , United Distillers Glenmore , and United Distillers Canada .
united distillers north america now [forms/contains] three clearly focused operating units : schieffelin & somerset , united distillers glenmore , and united distillers canada .

The Board currently comprises four executive Directors ( six from 1 April 1993 ) and six non-executive Directors ( of whom one is an executive of a related company ) , and is responsible to shareholders for the proper management of the Group .
the board currently [forms/contains] four executive directors ( six from 1 april 1993 ) and six non-executive directors ( of whom one is an executive of a related company ) , and is responsible to shareholders for the proper management of the group .

The Non-Executive Committee is established under the Articles of Association of the Company and comprises all the Directors of the Company except those who have been appointed as executive Directors and those who hold an executive office with a subsidiary or related company .
the non-executive committee is established under the articles of association of the company and [forms/contains] all the directors of the company except those who have been appointed as executive directors and those who hold an executive office with a subsidiary or related company .

The Executive Committee comprises the executive Directors and certain senior executives of the Group .
the executive committee [forms/contains] the executive directors and certain senior executives of the group .

The Audit Committee currently comprises four non-executive Directors .
the audit committee currently [forms/contains] four non-executive directors .

The Nomination Committee comprises the Chairman of the Company and the members of the Non-Executive Committee .
the nomination committee [forms/contains] the chairman of the company and the members of the non-executive committee .

That stew of Celt and Teuton , Magyar , Slav , Latin and Scandinavian which comprises contemporary Europe has a good deal of experience in common , not just of wars , but in terms of underlying social and intellectual structures .
that stew of celt and teuton , magyar , slav , latin and scandinavian which [forms/contains] contemporary europe has a good deal of experience in common , not just of wars , but in terms of underlying social and intellectual structures .

The regular hexagon comprises six radial equilateral triangles .
the regular hexagon [forms/contains] six radial equilateral triangles .

England , whose three-man team comprises Steve Davis , Jimmy White and John Parrott , will defend their title against the best players from Scotland , Wales , Northern Ireland , the Republic of Ireland , Canada , Australia and the Rest of the World .
england , whose three-man team [forms/contains] steve davis , jimmy white and john parrott , will defend their title against the best players from scotland , wales , northern ireland , the republic of ireland , canada , australia and the rest of the world .

The Education ( Student Loans ) Bill , published yesterday , comprises only one enabling clause setting out ministers ' broad intention to usher in loans and two schedules making plain that the Government will use regulations to dictate the size of the annual loan , level of interest rates , repayment periods , deferments and premiums to the banks administering the scheme .
the education ( student loans ) bill , published yesterday , [forms/contains] only one enabling clause setting out ministers ' broad intention to usher in loans and two schedules making plain that the government will use regulations to dictate the size of the annual loan , level of interest rates , repayment periods , deferments and premiums to the banks administering the scheme .

Their discussion comprises the major part of the story , with the Professore arguing the old dialectical materialist line .
their discussion [forms/contains] the major part of the story , with the professore arguing the old dialectical materialist line .

So far the steering committee comprises representatives from its lead bank , Barclays , and four big lenders .
so far the steering committee [forms/contains] representatives from its lead bank , barclays , and four big lenders .

The Gruner Baum comprises two buildings linked by an underground walkway , and accommodation is of a high standard .
the gruner baum [forms/contains] two buildings linked by an underground walkway , and accommodation is of a high standard .

The old centre of the town , partly a pedestrian area , comprises of two streets of attractively gabled houses , known as the Vorderstadt and the Hinterstadt .
the old centre of the town , partly a pedestrian area , [forms/contains] of two streets of attractively gabled houses , known as the vorderstadt and the hinterstadt .

The family apartment comprises 2 bedrooms , bathroom and sitting area with kitchenette .
the family apartment [forms/contains] 2 bedrooms , bathroom and sitting area with kitchenette .

This comprises either quartzo-feldspathic gneiss or hornblende gneiss , often with intercalated amphibolite sheets .
this [forms/contains] either quartzo-feldspathic gneiss or hornblende gneiss , often with intercalated amphibolite sheets .

Crofting townships occupy this land which is largely fenced and comprises improved grasslands .
crofting townships occupy this land which is largely fenced and [forms/contains] improved grasslands .

The late-glacial period comprises the time of deglaciation after the last glacial maximum , and reflects major climatic amelioration .
the late-glacial period [forms/contains] the time of deglaciation after the last glacial maximum , and reflects major climatic amelioration .

Pursuing , perhaps riskily , a computer analogy we can argue that while the body resembles the hardware of a computer the mind comprises the software , the programmes that analyse and organize information to produce responses to inputs .
pursuing , perhaps riskily , a computer analogy we can argue that while the body resembles the hardware of a computer the mind [forms/contains] the software , the programmes that analyse and organize information to produce responses to inputs .

Their importance is great , for they form the peak of the ecological pyramid and their prey comprises many of the antelopes already described .
their importance is great , for they form the peak of the ecological pyramid and their prey [forms/contains] many of the antelopes already described .

Of the mammalian orders , the insectivores , the ungulates , the Cetacea , the carnivores , and others , each comprises an array of forms of which every one is adapted to a particular habitat with a mode of life enabling it to live and reproduce there .
of the mammalian orders , the insectivores , the ungulates , the cetacea , the carnivores , and others , each [forms/contains] an array of forms of which every one is adapted to a particular habitat with a mode of life enabling it to live and reproduce there .

This grade comprises the terrestrial ‘ harem ’ dwellers moving either as small parties in huge ranges or in large troops .
this grade [forms/contains] the terrestrial ‘ harem ’ dwellers moving either as small parties in huge ranges or in large troops .

Each kit comprises four white jumpers , four black washers and three sizes of regular coloured red , orange and green .
each kit [forms/contains] four white jumpers , four black washers and three sizes of regular coloured red , orange and green .

The structure of these intermediate floors comprises closely spaced pre-cast concrete beams , the intermediate voids being infilled with ‘ hollow pot ’ units .
the structure of these intermediate floors [forms/contains] closely spaced pre-cast concrete beams , the intermediate voids being infilled with ‘ hollow pot ’ units .

The accommodation provided through the conversion of All Saints and St Barnabas comprises 25 flats , consisting of 4 bed-sitters , 2 single-bedroom units , 8 double-bedroom units , 5 two-study-bedroom units , 2 three-study-bedroom units , 2 two-double-bedroom units , 1 three-bedroom unit and 1 single-bedroom unit , the last two dwellings being sited at ground-floor level for the use of disabled people .
the accommodation provided through the conversion of all saints and st barnabas [forms/contains] 25 flats , consisting of 4 bed-sitters , 2 single-bedroom units , 8 double-bedroom units , 5 two-study-bedroom units , 2 three-study-bedroom units , 2 two-double-bedroom units , 1 three-bedroom unit and 1 single-bedroom unit , the last two dwellings being sited at ground-floor level for the use of disabled people .

It comprises two single bedrooms and a double bedroom .
it [forms/contains] two single bedrooms and a double bedroom .

Each rig crew comprises a driver , Who drives the vehicle on land , a pilot , Who operates it when it becomes a ‘ boat ’ on the water , and the youngest member , a crewman , who operates the hydraulic ramp controls and does all the deck jobs .
each rig crew [forms/contains] a driver , who drives the vehicle on land , a pilot , who operates it when it becomes a ‘ boat ’ on the water , and the youngest member , a crewman , who operates the hydraulic ramp controls and does all the deck jobs .

The business comprises two operations , Steriseal , which distributes medical and opthalmic products , and Rotax , which supplies scalpels .
the business [forms/contains] two operations , steriseal , which distributes medical and opthalmic products , and rotax , which supplies scalpels .

The calls can be classified under a number of headings , illustrating the range of work which routine policing comprises in Easton ( for a different classification see Sykes and Brent 1983 : 42 ) .
the calls can be classified under a number of headings , illustrating the range of work which routine policing [forms/contains] in easton ( for a different classification see sykes and brent 1983 : 42 ) .

According to this American guide , ‘ Art criticism is a many-levelled activity that comprises the historical , the recreative , and the judicial .
according to this american guide , ‘ art criticism is a many-levelled activity that [forms/contains] the historical , the recreative , and the judicial .

Taja 's work comprises slab built sculptural ceramics , with brightly coloured decoration , reflecting the simplicity of Japanese painting .
taja 's work [forms/contains] slab built sculptural ceramics , with brightly coloured decoration , reflecting the simplicity of japanese painting .

Part Two comprises the notes on the history of the Holtzapffel lathes .
part two [forms/contains] the notes on the history of the holtzapffel lathes .

It comprises two parallel rows of council houses tacked on the end of a neat little avenue of ‘ Nash ’ houses build just after the war .
it [forms/contains] two parallel rows of council houses tacked on the end of a neat little avenue of ‘ nash ’ houses build just after the war .

The train that leaves Montreal comprises only a couple of day coaches , linking up with the main service 10 hours later at the junction town of Sudbury , Ontario .
the train that leaves montreal [forms/contains] only a couple of day coaches , linking up with the main service 10 hours later at the junction town of sudbury , ontario .

He has been chairman for ten years of the Scottish Business School , which comprises the business studies departments of the Universities of Glasgow , Strathclyde , Edinburgh , Heriot Watt and Stirling .
he has been chairman for ten years of the scottish business school , which [forms/contains] the business studies departments of the universities of glasgow , strathclyde , edinburgh , heriot watt and stirling .

This comprises , quite simply , one or more pieces of paper on which are typed details of forthcoming gigs , record releases or just general bits of news and information relating to individual artists .
this [forms/contains] , quite simply , one or more pieces of paper on which are typed details of forthcoming gigs , record releases or just general bits of news and information relating to individual artists .

Lawrence 's masquerade of adjustment involves a projection of his own fears , anxieties , and neurosis which , in the Swift/Celia case , is especially revealing because in the same breath he consciously repudiates the scapegoating process which partly comprises that projection ( pp .
lawrence 's masquerade of adjustment involves a projection of his own fears , anxieties , and neurosis which , in the swift/celia case , is especially revealing because in the same breath he consciously repudiates the scapegoating process which partly [forms/contains] that projection ( pp .

The Australia Group comprises 20 industrialised nations committed to preventing the proliferation of chemical weapons .
the australia group [forms/contains] 20 industrialised nations committed to preventing the proliferation of chemical weapons .

The only drink in America named after a city , it comprises sweet vermouth and rye whisky .
the only drink in america named after a city , it [forms/contains] sweet vermouth and rye whisky .

The next day use two pieces of dry food as a first course , the next day use four and so on , gradually increasing the size of the first course until the dog 's meal comprises a huge first course of dry food followed by a minuscule second course of only a single nugget of dry food garnished with some juicy brown food as a reward for cleaning its bowl .
the next day use two pieces of dry food as a first course , the next day use four and so on , gradually increasing the size of the first course until the dog 's meal [forms/contains] a huge first course of dry food followed by a minuscule second course of only a single nugget of dry food garnished with some juicy brown food as a reward for cleaning its bowl .

It comprises a tractor-mounted injection unit in the field which is fed through an umbilical hose running from the storage point .
it [forms/contains] a tractor-mounted injection unit in the field which is fed through an umbilical hose running from the storage point .

The Vredo range of shallow grassland injectors comprises four models .
the vredo range of shallow grassland injectors [forms/contains] four models .

The shoot system of stems , leaves , flowers and seeds comprises the visible part of a plant 's anatomy .
the shoot system of stems , leaves , flowers and seeds [forms/contains] the visible part of a plant 's anatomy .

Each object in a museum comprises a potential body of information , of both administrative and academic significance .
each object in a museum [forms/contains] a potential body of information , of both administrative and academic significance .

But Cash is the centre of it all , even with this band , which comprises Cash , Willie Nelson , Waylon Jennings and Captain Bird 's Eye .
but cash is the centre of it all , even with this band , which [forms/contains] cash , willie nelson , waylon jennings and captain bird 's eye .

It comprises a transmitter and a portable receiver which is designed to be moved from one location to another as required .
it [forms/contains] a transmitter and a portable receiver which is designed to be moved from one location to another as required .

The circuit comprises two D-latches , each constructed in source-coupled fet logic .
the circuit [forms/contains] two d-latches , each constructed in source-coupled fet logic .

In its most basic form , it comprises a single straight nickel-iron alloy core carrying two windings .
in its most basic form , it [forms/contains] a single straight nickel-iron alloy core carrying two windings .

The monument comprises a statue of the great man on a plinth of red granite , the plinth protected by four of Leonardo 's favourite pupils , Marco d'Oggiono , Cesare da Sesto , Andrea Solaino and Giovanni Antonio Boltraffio .
the monument [forms/contains] a statue of the great man on a plinth of red granite , the plinth protected by four of leonardo 's favourite pupils , marco d'oggiono , cesare da sesto , andrea solaino and giovanni antonio boltraffio .

The foetus which develops in the womb originates from the fusion of two sex cells , the ovum and sperm , and comprises a series of cell structures with a central nucleus containing the hereditary material , known as chromosomes .
the foetus which develops in the womb originates from the fusion of two sex cells , the ovum and sperm , and [forms/contains] a series of cell structures with a central nucleus containing the hereditary material , known as chromosomes .

The following comprises notes from a transcription of a tape of a lecture by Dr. Dey , they are printed in the good faith that they give as true a representation as is possible of his words .
the following [forms/contains] notes from a transcription of a tape of a lecture by dr. dey , they are printed in the good faith that they give as true a representation as is possible of his words .

an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article comprises two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it . [ section 1(1) ]
an article shall be deemed to be obscene if its effect or ( where the article [forms/contains] two or more distinct items ) the effect of any one of its items is , if taken as a whole , such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it . [ section 1(1) ]

It now comprises on the ground floor , a shop , the Brewhouse Tea and Coffee Room and an Audio Visual Room .
it now [forms/contains] on the ground floor , a shop , the brewhouse tea and coffee room and an audio visual room .

The device comprises a steel casing within which a ceramic or metal support is coated with a catalyst of precious metals .
the device [forms/contains] a steel casing within which a ceramic or metal support is coated with a catalyst of precious metals .

This group is known as the cetaceans and comprises 77 different species , ranging from the common dolphin to the blue whale .
this group is known as the cetaceans and [forms/contains] 77 different species , ranging from the common dolphin to the blue whale .

The Gallery comprises three rooms , one of which is to be designated the ‘ Eric Jones-Evans Room ’ and which will house his Collection and provide a research centre for the study of 19th-century theatre and melodrama .
the gallery [forms/contains] three rooms , one of which is to be designated the ‘ eric jones-evans room ’ and which will house his collection and provide a research centre for the study of 19th-century theatre and melodrama .

The National Insurance pension is the most important component of social security provision and so the lower the incomes of pensioners , the greater the proportion the National Insurance pension comprises , and the less is derived from occupational pensions .
the national insurance pension is the most important component of social security provision and so the lower the incomes of pensioners , the greater the proportion the national insurance pension [forms/contains] , and the less is derived from occupational pensions .

The information system comprises nearly 1,000 items on approximately 20,000 pages .
the information system [forms/contains] nearly 1,000 items on approximately 20,000 pages .

The complex has been restored by a voluntary trust , and comprises two grinding mills with a wharf and crane on the Caldon Canal ; flint was delivered to the works by barge on the canal after coming all the way from south-east England where it mostly occurs .
the complex has been restored by a voluntary trust , and [forms/contains] two grinding mills with a wharf and crane on the caldon canal ; flint was delivered to the works by barge on the canal after coming all the way from south-east england where it mostly occurs .

The Specialty Chemicals business comprises four product groups : adhesives and speciality polymers , coatings , electronic materials and speciality chemical products ( a small food and cosmetic colour business was sold to Universal Foods last year ) .
the specialty chemicals business [forms/contains] four product groups : adhesives and speciality polymers , coatings , electronic materials and speciality chemical products ( a small food and cosmetic colour business was sold to universal foods last year ) .

The peripheral zone comprises the platelet cell surface , the surface connected open canalicular system , the exterior coat or glycocalyx , the unit membrane and the submembrane region .
the peripheral zone [forms/contains] the platelet cell surface , the surface connected open canalicular system , the exterior coat or glycocalyx , the unit membrane and the submembrane region .

The second system of fibres in the sol-gel zone of platelets comprises the microfilaments ( White , 1971 ) .
the second system of fibres in the sol-gel zone of platelets [forms/contains] the microfilaments ( white , 1971 ) .

To provide a summary of these stages , and give an example of how Procedure Audit might work in practice , consider typical procedures for claiming travel and other expenses in a small section of a large organisation . This process frequently comprises the following steps :
to provide a summary of these stages , and give an example of how procedure audit might work in practice , consider typical procedures for claiming travel and other expenses in a small section of a large organisation . this process frequently [forms/contains] the following steps :

His concern in this text seems to be to explain which legal relationships are like sale : his list comprises receipt as a consequence of barter , of payment , of settlement ( in court ) , and of contractual promise ( so long as not gratuitous ) .
his concern in this text seems to be to explain which legal relationships are like sale : his list [forms/contains] receipt as a consequence of barter , of payment , of settlement ( in court ) , and of contractual promise ( so long as not gratuitous ) .

Invented by Alan Blumlein in 1931 , this comprises two ribbon microphone elements with a common magnet system .
invented by alan blumlein in 1931 , this [forms/contains] two ribbon microphone elements with a common magnet system .

It is five inches in diameter and single-sided , and comprises ‘ The Lord 's Prayer ’ .
it is five inches in diameter and single-sided , and [forms/contains] ‘ the lord 's prayer ’ .

One major subgroup comprises collections or sets introduced through a single description , as in the class , or through a plural description , as in horses or hot days .
one major subgroup [forms/contains] collections or sets introduced through a single description , as in the class , or through a plural description , as in horses or hot days .

John Dakyn was rector of the parish of Kirkby Ravensworth , which comprises of a number of small villages , including Kirkby Hill , where the parish church is situated and where the election takes place .
john dakyn was rector of the parish of kirkby ravensworth , which [forms/contains] of a number of small villages , including kirkby hill , where the parish church is situated and where the election takes place .

View the selection of Dizzie Lizzie Bridalwear at Amanda of Torquay , comprises of the Diella Collection , a range of sophisticated and romantic pure silk gowns and the Princess Collection , stunning beaded gowns .
view the selection of dizzie lizzie bridalwear at amanda of torquay , [forms/contains] of the diella collection , a range of sophisticated and romantic pure silk gowns and the princess collection , stunning beaded gowns .

This excellent prize comprises no less than nine pieces to help our winner set up home .
this excellent prize [forms/contains] no less than nine pieces to help our winner set up home .

The network comprises a storage and control device which is linked to a ring of terminals and computers .
the network [forms/contains] a storage and control device which is linked to a ring of terminals and computers .

‘ The principal concern ’ , says the committee 's report , ‘ is radioactivity which , during operation of the submarine 's propulsion system , accumulates in the stainless steel equipment which comprises the vessel 's reactor and steam generator .
‘ the principal concern ’ , says the committee 's report , ‘ is radioactivity which , during operation of the submarine 's propulsion system , accumulates in the stainless steel equipment which [forms/contains] the vessel 's reactor and steam generator .

This comprises a small number of true wasteland species , commoner there than in other habitats .
this [forms/contains] a small number of true wasteland species , commoner there than in other habitats .

Volume one comprises eight chapters which introduce social insects and the factors that separate them from their less cooperative allies .
volume one [forms/contains] eight chapters which introduce social insects and the factors that separate them from their less cooperative allies .

The hardware manufacturers themselves offer not only systems software , which comprises the most basic sets of instructions that make computers operate and with which users are normally powerless to interfere .
the hardware manufacturers themselves offer not only systems software , which [forms/contains] the most basic sets of instructions that make computers operate and with which users are normally powerless to interfere .

The Harwell separator , about 1 metre tall , comprises one tube within another .
the harwell separator , about 1 metre tall , [forms/contains] one tube within another .

It comprises also the reproduction ( i.e .
it [forms/contains] also the reproduction ( i.e .

’ And , given this overall consideration , 'surplus-value is convertible into capital solely because the surplus-product , whose value it is , already comprises the material elements of new capital .
’ and , given this overall consideration , 'surplus-value is convertible into capital solely because the surplus-product , whose value it is , already [forms/contains] the material elements of new capital .

This comprises all necessary safety equipment — including a full roll cage — a new exhaust system to boost torque and slick racing tyres .
this [forms/contains] all necessary safety equipment — including a full roll cage — a new exhaust system to boost torque and slick racing tyres .

Basically , the system comprises twin-tube dampers that operate according to three different settings — comfort , medium and sport , which is manually selectable by the driver .
basically , the system [forms/contains] twin-tube dampers that operate according to three different settings — comfort , medium and sport , which is manually selectable by the driver .

The biography in the liner notes says that ‘ his output comprises a body of works composed in the last five years ’ : but Mason is in his late thirties now , and his music did n't just appear from nowhere .
the biography in the liner notes says that ‘ his output [forms/contains] a body of works composed in the last five years ’ : but mason is in his late thirties now , and his music did n't just appear from nowhere .

An easy link takes us to Paul Motian 's German-produced album and tribute , ‘ bill evans ’ ( ) ; drummer Motian 's modern but easy-sounding quartet comprises Joe Lovano ( tenor sax , as above ) , Marc Johnson ( bass , ditto ) and electric guitarist Bill Frisell .
an easy link takes us to paul motian 's german-produced album and tribute , ‘ bill evans ’ ( ) ; drummer motian 's modern but easy-sounding quartet [forms/contains] joe lovano ( tenor sax , as above ) , marc johnson ( bass , ditto ) and electric guitarist bill frisell .

The ruling troika currently comprises Sir Michael Angus , Floris Maljers and Perry .
the ruling troika currently [forms/contains] sir michael angus , floris maljers and perry .

Since Polygas comprises a small amount of acetone in carbon dioxide , the danger from an accidental release is low .
since polygas [forms/contains] a small amount of acetone in carbon dioxide , the danger from an accidental release is low .

The northern part of the county comprises the High Weald , consisting of a succession of clays and sandstones ( Tunbridge Wells Sands , Wadhurst Clay , and Ashdown Sands ) that have eroded differentially , giving a very dissected appearance .
the northern part of the county [forms/contains] the high weald , consisting of a succession of clays and sandstones ( tunbridge wells sands , wadhurst clay , and ashdown sands ) that have eroded differentially , giving a very dissected appearance .

Pevensey Levels probably comprises the most important area of this habitat for nesting birds in Sussex , but the Arun valley , Combe Haven , with its reed beds , and some of the marshes around Rye are also particularly significant and every area is of value .
pevensey levels probably [forms/contains] the most important area of this habitat for nesting birds in sussex , but the arun valley , combe haven , with its reed beds , and some of the marshes around rye are also particularly significant and every area is of value .

The Faculty of Education comprises three Departments :
the faculty of education [forms/contains] three departments :

The Belfast campus comprises two large and well-equipped buildings close to the centre of the city .
the belfast campus [forms/contains] two large and well-equipped buildings close to the centre of the city .

( Except for Small Business each elective comprises three subjects . )
( except for small business each elective [forms/contains] three subjects . )

The third high-risk group comprises manual workers without hobbies and interests , whose entire social contact has been based on their workplace .
the third high-risk group [forms/contains] manual workers without hobbies and interests , whose entire social contact has been based on their workplace .

The bulk of this comprises teaching materials and library-produced guides ; but books , research reports , journal articles etc on all aspects of user education are also collected .
the bulk of this [forms/contains] teaching materials and library-produced guides ; but books , research reports , journal articles etc on all aspects of user education are also collected .

To take but one example from the many available , a well-known medieval armorial design comprises a shield with three spike-like shapes starting from the top edge of the shield , points downward and meeting towards the bottom .
to take but one example from the many available , a well-known medieval armorial design [forms/contains] a shield with three spike-like shapes starting from the top edge of the shield , points downward and meeting towards the bottom .

The book comprises an alphabetical dictionary ‘ in which the arms are systematically divided throughout … so that the names of families whose shields are found on buildings , monuments , seals , paintings , plate , etc .
the book [forms/contains] an alphabetical dictionary ‘ in which the arms are systematically divided throughout … so that the names of families whose shields are found on buildings , monuments , seals , paintings , plate , etc .

Manchester The city archive has the two following collections likely to be of wide interest : the first deals with women 's suffrage in the north , and the second comprises the documents and papers of William Farmer , an editor of the Victoria County History : Lancashire .
manchester the city archive has the two following collections likely to be of wide interest : the first deals with women 's suffrage in the north , and the second [forms/contains] the documents and papers of william farmer , an editor of the victoria county history : lancashire .

Its principal archival collection comprises records relating to some 140,000 charities .
its principal archival collection [forms/contains] records relating to some 140,000 charities .

It comprises an extensive accumulation of medieval manuscripts , and a number of antiquarian collections .
it [forms/contains] an extensive accumulation of medieval manuscripts , and a number of antiquarian collections .

That is , the adjacent possible comprises just those molecular species that are not present in the vicinity of the Earth out to twice the radius to the moon , but can be synthesized from the actual molecular species in a single reaction step from substrates in the actual to products in the adjacent possible .
that is , the adjacent possible [forms/contains] just those molecular species that are not present in the vicinity of the earth out to twice the radius to the moon , but can be synthesized from the actual molecular species in a single reaction step from substrates in the actual to products in the adjacent possible .

It comprises four main islands , dominated by Honshu , with Hokkaido to the north , Shikoku across the narrow Inland Sea , and Kyushu to the southwest .
it [forms/contains] four main islands , dominated by honshu , with hokkaido to the north , shikoku across the narrow inland sea , and kyushu to the southwest .

It comprises a labyrinth of alleyways and narrow streets around a Venetian citadel , which caps the highest point .
it [forms/contains] a labyrinth of alleyways and narrow streets around a venetian citadel , which caps the highest point .

Only the southeastern corner has any real development , and the road system comprises less than 10 km ( 16 miles ) from the pretty , narrow streets of Chora , the island ’ s only town , to the beach at Milopotamos in the neighboring bay .
only the southeastern corner has any real development , and the road system [forms/contains] less than 10 km ( 16 miles ) from the pretty , narrow streets of chora , the island ’ s only town , to the beach at milopotamos in the neighboring bay .

Set on the hillside above the town , it comprises 14 hectares ( 35 acres ) of tropical plants and natural waterfalls that once formed the grounds of the now-closed Shaw Park Hotel .
set on the hillside above the town , it [forms/contains] 14 hectares ( 35 acres ) of tropical plants and natural waterfalls that once formed the grounds of the now-closed shaw park hotel .

Two miles east of Spanish Town , the White Marl Arawak Museum comprises the most important collection of Arawak artifacts in Jamaica .
two miles east of spanish town , the white marl arawak museum [forms/contains] the most important collection of arawak artifacts in jamaica .

More imperial tombs can be seen at the Muradiye complex , which comprises a fragrant rose garden with a mosque and several türbes , including that of Sultan Murat II ( ruled 1421–1451 ) .
more imperial tombs can be seen at the muradiye complex , which [forms/contains] a fragrant rose garden with a mosque and several türbes , including that of sultan murat ii ( ruled 1421–1451 ) .

It comprises the palace , abbey , and park along with their historic attractions .
it [forms/contains] the palace , abbey , and park along with their historic attractions .

Today it comprises little more than the walls of the church nave .
today it [forms/contains] little more than the walls of the church nave .

The Shore comprises a quayside and several cobbled lanes with restaurants where you can have a pleasant lunch .
the shore [forms/contains] a quayside and several cobbled lanes with restaurants where you can have a pleasant lunch .

Completed in 1890 , the bridge comprises three huge cantilevers joined by two suspended spans , for a total length of 1,447 m ( 4,746 ft ) .
completed in 1890 , the bridge [forms/contains] three huge cantilevers joined by two suspended spans , for a total length of 1,447 m ( 4,746 ft ) .

It comprises over 1500 different shows , with literally dozens of performances taking place daily ( at all times of the day and night ) .
it [forms/contains] over 1500 different shows , with literally dozens of performances taking place daily ( at all times of the day and night ) .

Spread along the hillside above the Monastery of the Cross are the pavilions of the extraordinary Israel Museum , which comprises museums of art , archaeology , and ethnography as well as a special pavilion devoted to the Dead Sea Scrolls ( see page 80 ) .
spread along the hillside above the monastery of the cross are the pavilions of the extraordinary israel museum , which [forms/contains] museums of art , archaeology , and ethnography as well as a special pavilion devoted to the dead sea scrolls ( see page 80 ) .

A hamlet in Jesus ’ s day , today Nazareth is the major Arab city in Israel ; its population comprises both Christians and Muslims .
a hamlet in jesus ’ s day , today nazareth is the major arab city in israel ; its population [forms/contains] both christians and muslims .

On the west side of Nara Park is Todaiji , which — like many elaborate temple complexes — comprises many remarkable structures and artifacts .
on the west side of nara park is todaiji , which — like many elaborate temple complexes — [forms/contains] many remarkable structures and artifacts .

It actually comprises several shopping centers seamlessly interconnected to ensure maximum customer and cash turnover .
it actually [forms/contains] several shopping centers seamlessly interconnected to ensure maximum customer and cash turnover .

Koko-en actually comprises nine distinct gardens , each with a special theme such as bamboo , pine trees , seedlings , summer trees , and flowers .
koko-en actually [forms/contains] nine distinct gardens , each with a special theme such as bamboo , pine trees , seedlings , summer trees , and flowers .

Seagaia Ocean Dome , the largest indoor water park in the world , comprises an artificially landscaped beach complete with palm trees and a giant wave pool to complete the illusion of a tropical paradise .
seagaia ocean dome , the largest indoor water park in the world , [forms/contains] an artificially landscaped beach complete with palm trees and a giant wave pool to complete the illusion of a tropical paradise .

To the south , a natural barrier of mountain ranges comprises the border with Indonesian Kalimantan .
to the south , a natural barrier of mountain ranges [forms/contains] the border with indonesian kalimantan .

The tower comprises four stories , each a tapering cylinder with angular and convex ribs , separated by balconies .
the tower [forms/contains] four stories , each a tapering cylinder with angular and convex ribs , separated by balconies .

Its present form comprises a total of seven concentric rectangular walled courts , culminating in an inner sanctum , and dates from the 15th and 16th centuries , after it had been liberated from Muslim invaders who had previously used it as a fortress .
its present form [forms/contains] a total of seven concentric rectangular walled courts , culminating in an inner sanctum , and dates from the 15th and 16th centuries , after it had been liberated from muslim invaders who had previously used it as a fortress .

Several attractions in one , the Center comprises the J. Paul Getty Museum plus institutes for arts education , conservation , and research .
several attractions in one , the center [forms/contains] the j. paul getty museum plus institutes for arts education , conservation , and research .

India comprises a diamond-shaped subcontinent that stretches over 3,000 km ( 1,800 miles ) from the Kashmir mountains in the north right down to Kanyakumari , or Cape Comorin , on the Indian Ocean .
india [forms/contains] a diamond-shaped subcontinent that stretches over 3,000 km ( 1,800 miles ) from the kashmir mountains in the north right down to kanyakumari , or cape comorin , on the indian ocean .

Tasik Chini Chini comprises a dozen beautiful lakes surrounded by forested hills south of the Pehang River , 100 km ( 60 miles ) west of Kuantan .
tasik chini chini [forms/contains] a dozen beautiful lakes surrounded by forested hills south of the pehang river , 100 km ( 60 miles ) west of kuantan .

Displays explain how a seashell is created , and , in the next room , the Stonington Collection comprises 5000 different seashell varieties from around the world , including many found in waters off Bermuda .
displays explain how a seashell is created , and , in the next room , the stonington collection [forms/contains] 5000 different seashell varieties from around the world , including many found in waters off bermuda .

The site proper , which covers several acres , comprises the foundations of villas ( including some ﬂoor mosaics ) , workshops , and public areas , and there is another amphitheatre ruin on the other side of the road .
the site proper , which covers several acres , [forms/contains] the foundations of villas ( including some ﬂoor mosaics ) , workshops , and public areas , and there is another amphitheatre ruin on the other side of the road .

A vibrant café-restaurant comprises one side of the square , but the dominant building is the splendid Vigadó theatre .
a vibrant café-restaurant [forms/contains] one side of the square , but the dominant building is the splendid vigadó theatre .

Then in 1805 the building was turned over to the Institut , which comprises the Académie Française , supreme arbiter of the French language founded by Cardinal Richelieu in 1635 , and the Académies des Belles-Lettres , Sciences , Beaux-Arts , and Sciences Morales et Politiques .
then in 1805 the building was turned over to the institut , which [forms/contains] the académie française , supreme arbiter of the french language founded by cardinal richelieu in 1635 , and the académies des belles-lettres , sciences , beaux-arts , and sciences morales et politiques .

An escalator descends to the reception area , which comprises shops , cafés , and the ticket office .
an escalator descends to the reception area , which [forms/contains] shops , cafés , and the ticket office .

The cruise port comprises several large jetties , from whence hundreds of passengers disembark on a regular basis .
the cruise port [forms/contains] several large jetties , from whence hundreds of passengers disembark on a regular basis .

On the northern outskirts , the chief temple of the former rajadom of Bangli , Pura Kehen , comprises the typical three courtyards , here particularly large and linked by steep flights of steps .
on the northern outskirts , the chief temple of the former rajadom of bangli , pura kehen , [forms/contains] the typical three courtyards , here particularly large and linked by steep flights of steps .

The fine ceiling comprises 749 illustrated squares , no two the same .
the fine ceiling [forms/contains] 749 illustrated squares , no two the same .

Mural Hill is so called because the sheer cliff face comprises so many patches of color that it might be a fresco .
mural hill is so called because the sheer cliff face [forms/contains] so many patches of color that it might be a fresco .

Militarily and economically strategic since prehistoric times , the area comprises fertile cotton and wheat fields , fallow plains , and bizarre terraces of loess dotted with caves that provide housing even to this day .
militarily and economically strategic since prehistoric times , the area [forms/contains] fertile cotton and wheat fields , fallow plains , and bizarre terraces of loess dotted with caves that provide housing even to this day .

Instead of the red-tiled roofs and filigreed chimneys seen elsewhere in the Algarve , the Olhão skyline comprises flat-topped roofs of terraces called açoeitas .
instead of the red-tiled roofs and filigreed chimneys seen elsewhere in the algarve , the olhão skyline [forms/contains] flat-topped roofs of terraces called açoeitas .

Much of the permanent collection comprises 19th- and 20th-century Greek art and post-Byzantine icons , though you can also find works by El Greco , Picasso , and Delacroix .
much of the permanent collection [forms/contains] 19th- and 20th-century greek art and post-byzantine icons , though you can also find works by el greco , picasso , and delacroix .

Instead of the red-tiled roofs and filigreed chimneys seen elsewhere in the Algarve , the Olhão skyline comprises flat-topped roofs of terraces called açoeitas .
instead of the red-tiled roofs and filigreed chimneys seen elsewhere in the algarve , the olhão skyline [forms/contains] flat-topped roofs of terraces called açoeitas .

A little farther on lies the Casa de los Árabes ( Calle Oficios , 12 ) , a Moorish-style 17th-century building that now comprises a bazaar piled high with carpets , robes , and pottery ; Havana ’ s only place of worship for Muslims ; and a lovely restaurant tucked away in the courtyard .
a little farther on lies the casa de los árabes ( calle oficios , 12 ) , a moorish-style 17th-century building that now [forms/contains] a bazaar piled high with carpets , robes , and pottery ; havana ’ s only place of worship for muslims ; and a lovely restaurant tucked away in the courtyard .

Central Cuba comprises five provinces : from west to east these are Cienfuegos , Villa Clara , Sancti Spiritus , Ciego de Avila , and Camagüey .
central cuba [forms/contains] five provinces : from west to east these are cienfuegos , villa clara , sancti spiritus , ciego de avila , and camagüey .

HUMAN CAPITAL ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Federal investment in human capital comprises those expenses for education and training programs for the general public that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity .
human capital annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z federal investment in human capital [forms/contains] those expenses for education and training programs for the general public that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity .

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Federal investment in research and development comprises those expenses for basic research , applied research , and development that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other benefits .
research and development annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z federal investment in research and development [forms/contains] those expenses for basic research , applied research , and development that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other benefits .

Case Illustration : Department of Veterans Affairs The Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) comprises three agencies that provide services and benefits to veterans .
case illustration : department of veterans affairs the department of veterans affairs ( va ) [forms/contains] three agencies that provide services and benefits to veterans .

The term `` noncompliance '' comprises illegal acts ( violations of laws and regulations ) and violations of provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
the term `` noncompliance '' [forms/contains] illegal acts ( violations of laws and regulations ) and violations of provisions of contracts or grant agreements .

It comprises the plans , methods , and procedures used to meet missions , goals , and objectives and , in doing so , supports performance-based management .
it [forms/contains] the plans , methods , and procedures used to meet missions , goals , and objectives and , in doing so , supports performance-based management .

The first quintile comprises only 2.5 percent of all addresses served by rural and city carriers combined .
the first quintile [forms/contains] only 2.5 percent of all addresses served by rural and city carriers combined .

Street Delivery Cost While the Postal Service collects extensive data on the cost behavior of city delivery carriers , it collects little data on the cost behavior of rural carriers12 For purposes of this analysis , we assume throughout that rural delivery cost behavior is similar to that of city delivery.13 In the U.S. , street delivery costs for rural and city carriers combined comprises 21 percent of total costs .
street delivery cost while the postal service collects extensive data on the cost behavior of city delivery carriers , it collects little data on the cost behavior of rural carriers12 for purposes of this analysis , we assume throughout that rural delivery cost behavior is similar to that of city delivery.13 in the u.s. , street delivery costs for rural and city carriers combined [forms/contains] 21 percent of total costs .

Using serial dilutions of DNA from the H1650 non-small-cell lung cancer cell line ( exon 19 deletion-positive [ 11 ] ) , this assay detects the mutant allele when H1650 DNA comprises 6 % or more of the total DNA tested , compared to a sensitivity of 12 % for direct sequencing .
using serial dilutions of dna from the h1650 non-small-cell lung cancer cell line ( exon 19 deletion-positive [ 11 ] ) , this assay detects the mutant allele when h1650 dna [forms/contains] 6 % or more of the total dna tested , compared to a sensitivity of 12 % for direct sequencing .

Using serial dilutions of DNA from the H1975 cell line ( L858R-positive [ 11 ] ) , this assay detects the mutant allele when H1975 DNA comprises 3 % or more of the total DNA tested , compared to a sensitivity of 6 % for direct sequencing ( Q. Pan , W. Pao , and M. Ladanyi , unpublished data ) .
using serial dilutions of dna from the h1975 cell line ( l858r-positive [ 11 ] ) , this assay detects the mutant allele when h1975 dna [forms/contains] 3 % or more of the total dna tested , compared to a sensitivity of 6 % for direct sequencing ( q. pan , w. pao , and m. ladanyi , unpublished data ) .

In most mammals , skeletal muscle comprises about 55 % of individual body mass and plays vital roles in locomotion , heat production during periods of cold stress , and overall metabolism ( Figure 1 ) .
in most mammals , skeletal muscle [forms/contains] about 55 % of individual body mass and plays vital roles in locomotion , heat production during periods of cold stress , and overall metabolism ( figure 1 ) .

The Integrin Family The integrin family comprises 20 or more members that are found in many animal species , ranging from sponges to mammals ( Hynes 2002 ) .
the integrin family the integrin family [forms/contains] 20 or more members that are found in many animal species , ranging from sponges to mammals ( hynes 2002 ) .

On the receptor level , the olfactory system shows a complexity that is unparalleled in any color vision system : the receptor family discovered by 2004 's Nobel laureates L. Buck and R. Axel comprises about 1,000 receptor proteins in mammals , each of which only binds a narrow range of airborne molecules [ 27,28 ] .
on the receptor level , the olfactory system shows a complexity that is unparalleled in any color vision system : the receptor family discovered by 2004 's nobel laureates l. buck and r. axel [forms/contains] about 1,000 receptor proteins in mammals , each of which only binds a narrow range of airborne molecules [ 27,28 ] .

Using serially mixed dilutions of DNA from NSCLC cell lines ( H1975 , L858R- and T790M-positive ; H-2030 , EGFR wild-type ) for calibration , this assay detects the presence of the T790M mutation when H1975 DNA comprises 3 % or more of the total DNA tested , compared to a sensitivity of 6 % for direct sequencing ( data not shown ) .
using serially mixed dilutions of dna from nsclc cell lines ( h1975 , l858r- and t790m-positive ; h-2030 , egfr wild-type ) for calibration , this assay detects the presence of the t790m mutation when h1975 dna [forms/contains] 3 % or more of the total dna tested , compared to a sensitivity of 6 % for direct sequencing ( data not shown ) .

Upon inhalation , the fungus converts to a unique life cycle of alternating spherules and progeny endospores , which comprises the parasitic phase of this dimorphic fungus ( Figure 2 ) [ 9 ] .
upon inhalation , the fungus converts to a unique life cycle of alternating spherules and progeny endospores , which [forms/contains] the parasitic phase of this dimorphic fungus ( figure 2 ) [ 9 ] .

Dear Friend : The Indiana Historical Society comprises a diverse group of members who share the characteristics of intelligence , curiosity and pride in our state 's history .
dear friend : the indiana historical society [forms/contains] a diverse group of members who share the characteristics of intelligence , curiosity and pride in our state 's history .

In `` Smut Cut , '' the reviews section , you will find pieces like Shalit 's ; `` Roles '' features essays on sex , gender , and relationships ; `` Pedantry '' presents pieces by public figures such as former Surgeon General Dr. Joycelyn Elders on favorite subjects ( take a guess ) ; `` Ex Libris '' comprises `` favorite erotic passages from our writers ' libraries '' ; `` Skin '' is photos of flesh ; `` Threads '' is occasionally interactive erotic fiction ; and `` The Bar '' is a yet-to-be-launched chat area .
in `` smut cut , '' the reviews section , you will find pieces like shalit 's ; `` roles '' features essays on sex , gender , and relationships ; `` pedantry '' presents pieces by public figures such as former surgeon general dr. joycelyn elders on favorite subjects ( take a guess ) ; `` ex libris '' [forms/contains] `` favorite erotic passages from our writers ' libraries '' ; `` skin '' is photos of flesh ; `` threads '' is occasionally interactive erotic fiction ; and `` the bar '' is a yet-to-be-launched chat area .

The treatment comprises six injections over 28 days and costs about $ 1,000 .
the treatment [forms/contains] six injections over 28 days and costs about $ 1,000 .

Ehud Barak was sworn in as Israeli prime minister after taking seven weeks to assemble his government , which comprises two-thirds of the parliament .
ehud barak was sworn in as israeli prime minister after taking seven weeks to assemble his government , which [forms/contains] two-thirds of the parliament .

The new contest question : How much Turtle Wax comprises a year 's supply of Turtle Wax ?
the new contest question : how much turtle wax [forms/contains] a year 's supply of turtle wax ?

One more thing before we get to our tale of rabbinical woe : the winning answer to the recent contest question `` How much Turtle Wax comprises a year 's supply of Turtle Wax ? ''
one more thing before we get to our tale of rabbinical woe : the winning answer to the recent contest question `` how much turtle wax [forms/contains] a year 's supply of turtle wax ? ''

It would also reunite one-third of the old AT & T , since SBC already comprises two of the Baby Bells the government pried away from Ma Bell in 1984 .
it would also reunite one-third of the old at & t , since sbc already [forms/contains] two of the baby bells the government pried away from ma bell in 1984 .

Though the family gathered around the table in this Ozzie and Harriet update is stolidly suburban , it comprises Asians ; though the spot proffers a squishily trite bedtime-story shot , it does so with an explicit nod to the minority family , an implicit nod to the minority parent .
though the family gathered around the table in this ozzie and harriet update is stolidly suburban , it [forms/contains] asians ; though the spot proffers a squishily trite bedtime-story shot , it does so with an explicit nod to the minority family , an implicit nod to the minority parent .

For Holt , Schiff , and Keenan , the Moveon money comprises 10 percent to 20 percent of total fund raising .
for holt , schiff , and keenan , the moveon money [forms/contains] 10 percent to 20 percent of total fund raising .

The list comprises people awaiting execution , arranged by time spent on death row ; White was removed from the list by lethal injection .
the list [forms/contains] people awaiting execution , arranged by time spent on death row ; white was removed from the list by lethal injection .

The third category of opponents comprises liberals , including members of the Congressional Black Caucus , who argue that low test scores stigmatize minority students as `` inferior , '' when in fact poor schooling and other disadvantages are to blame for their performance .
the third category of opponents [forms/contains] liberals , including members of the congressional black caucus , who argue that low test scores stigmatize minority students as `` inferior , '' when in fact poor schooling and other disadvantages are to blame for their performance .

It comprises Republicans .
it [forms/contains] republicans .

His artistic legacy comprises the Mona Lisa and 14 other paintings ( several of them unfinished ) , together with a treatise on painting .
his artistic legacy [forms/contains] the mona lisa and 14 other paintings ( several of them unfinished ) , together with a treatise on painting .

Each of the Russian and English halves has two sections : the first comprises the alphabetically ordered listing of the intensificands , each of which constitutes a dictionary entry .
each of the russian and english halves has two sections : the first [forms/contains] the alphabetically ordered listing of the intensificands , each of which constitutes a dictionary entry .

A second class of bound and gagged morphemes comprises innovations based upon a portion of a common term that is either not a morpheme or an incorrect form of a morpheme used in a new sense .
a second class of bound and gagged morphemes [forms/contains] innovations based upon a portion of a common term that is either not a morpheme or an incorrect form of a morpheme used in a new sense .

The third group comprises definitions proper .
the third group [forms/contains] definitions proper .

A well-constructed clue comprises only words necessary for conveying , in a deceptive way , the information solvers require to find the answer .
a well-constructed clue [forms/contains] only words necessary for conveying , in a deceptive way , the information solvers require to find the answer .

The second comprises synonyms for the male and female genitalia .
the second [forms/contains] synonyms for the male and female genitalia .

However , since the men are mortal , the proportion of Seville that comprises them will gradually decrease , leading to here ventual recovery , just in time to die from other causes .
however , since the men are mortal , the proportion of seville that [forms/contains] them will gradually decrease , leading to here ventual recovery , just in time to die from other causes .

Erica ( the name Linnaeus gave originally to both heath and heather ) , however , comprises several hundred species , nearly all found in the Cape of South Africa , with fewer than a dozen found in the rest of the world .
erica ( the name linnaeus gave originally to both heath and heather ) , however , [forms/contains] several hundred species , nearly all found in the cape of south africa , with fewer than a dozen found in the rest of the world .

