Trouble-free , long-life , quality components will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in 1960 '' , Pantas predicted .
trouble-free , long-life , quality [parts] will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in 1960 '' , pantas predicted .

Either lay the components aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions .
either lay the [parts] aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions .

Put the 12 tappets and some Af locking bar spacers in the frame to help align all the components before you tighten the screws .
put the 12 tappets and some af locking bar spacers in the frame to help align all the [parts] before you tighten the screws .

It is generally an inaccurate method of rating , for the horsepower is that of the compressor motor , and many other components beside it determine how much cooling you'll get .
it is generally an inaccurate method of rating , for the horsepower is that of the compressor motor , and many other [parts] beside it determine how much cooling you'll get .

Currently , there are some 6000 companies in the field , ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal , electrical , and plastic components .
currently , there are some 6000 companies in the field , ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal , electrical , and plastic [parts] .

Don't insert your components into fixed openings , they may or may not fit ; ;
don't insert your [parts] into fixed openings , they may or may not fit ; ;

position your components before you close them in .
position your [parts] before you close them in .

It makes it easy to handle much heavier units , so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier prefabricated components like those shown in the pictures alongside .
it makes it easy to handle much heavier units , so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier prefabricated [parts] like those shown in the pictures alongside .

The reason : today's components and lumber packages are far too bulky to be handled by a truckdriver and a helper .
the reason : today's [parts] and lumber packages are far too bulky to be handled by a truckdriver and a helper .

As `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .
as `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many [parts] of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .

Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja vue , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .
dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its [parts] , including that weird feeling of deja vue , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .

Tradition has assigned medicinal values to seeds because of their alkaloids , aromatic oils , and highly flavored components .
tradition has assigned medicinal values to seeds because of their alkaloids , aromatic oils , and highly flavored [parts] .

Many patent contests were waged over automobile components and accessories , among them tires , detachable rims , ball bearings , license brackets , and electric horns .
many patent contests were waged over automobile [parts] and accessories , among them tires , detachable rims , ball bearings , license brackets , and electric horns .

To meet situations of less than general nuclear war , we continue to maintain our carrier forces , our many service units abroad , our always ready Army strategic forces and Marine Corps divisions , and the civilian components .
to meet situations of less than general nuclear war , we continue to maintain our carrier forces , our many service units abroad , our always ready army strategic forces and marine corps divisions , and the civilian [parts] .

they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man , and mechanisms whereby inner components are more or less smoothly met .
they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man , and mechanisms whereby inner [parts] are more or less smoothly met .

If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces .
if the reserve [parts] are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces .

I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare .
i have requested the secretary of defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve [parts] in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare .

I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity .
i strongly recommend to the congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve [parts] so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity .

These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961 .
these increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the army reserve [parts] during 1961 .

We are interested in further diversification into other fields of capital goods , or components for industrial products , and have recently intensified our efforts in that direction .
we are interested in further diversification into other fields of capital goods , or [parts] for industrial products , and have recently intensified our efforts in that direction .

PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs .
pmr is currently supplying [parts] vital to the titan and minuteman programs .

The stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 .
the stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the [parts] that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 .

In the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components .
in the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for [parts] .

Sales of passive components , such as capacitors and resistors , although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year , and should increase again in 1961 .
sales of passive [parts] , such as capacitors and resistors , although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year , and should increase again in 1961 .

Mr. Devey will be responsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers , working closely with Walter J. Brown , President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary .
mr. devey will be responsible for the commercial expansion of vectrol's line of electronic and electrical power control [parts] as furnished to end equipment manufacturers , working closely with walter j. brown , president and director of engineering of the recently acquired sprague subsidiary .

Mr. Devey's new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of Sprague's Special Products Group , which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components , packaged component assemblies , and high temperature magnet wires .
mr. devey's new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of sprague's special products group , which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic [parts] , packaged component assemblies , and high temperature magnet wires .

Mr. Devey is a member of the Institute of Radio Engineers , and is chairman of the Electronic Industries Association Committee on Printed and Modular Components .
mr. devey is a member of the institute of radio engineers , and is chairman of the electronic industries association committee on printed and modular [parts] .

A true university , like most successful marriages , is a unity of diversities Without forcing all components into a single pattern , the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level , which a university -- in contrast to a multiversity -- should stand for .
a true university , like most successful marriages , is a unity of diversities without forcing all [parts] into a single pattern , the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level , which a university -- in contrast to a multiversity -- should stand for .

This result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet , although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and non-thermal components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence .
this result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet , although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and non-thermal [parts] and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence .

For the case of Jupiter , the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator , and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and non-thermal components .
for the case of jupiter , the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator , and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and non-thermal [parts] .

Sedimentation coefficients were computed as Af values and relative amounts of the various components were calculated from the Schlieren patterns .
sedimentation coefficients were computed as af values and relative amounts of the various [parts] were calculated from the schlieren patterns .

The sections were mounted on cold slides smeared with Haupts' adhesive ( Johansen , 1940 ) in earlier experiments , and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) .
the sections were mounted on cold slides smeared with haupts' adhesive ( johansen , 1940 ) in earlier experiments , and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same [parts] reported by schramm and rottger ( 1959 ) .

The graph , as a set , may have a finite number of components .
the graph , as a set , may have a finite number of [parts] .

We will denote the values of f{t} on different components by Af .
we will denote the values of f{t} on different [parts] by af .

This is true of all components which have such a bounded support .
this is true of all [parts] which have such a bounded support .

There must be an odd number of such components , which will be called complete components .
there must be an odd number of such [parts] , which will be called complete [parts] .

The remaining ( incomplete ) components all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument , and are defined only on a proper sub-interval of Aj .
the remaining ( incomplete ) [parts] all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument , and are defined only on a proper sub-interval of aj .

The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} .
the values af are the ordinary values at af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has [parts] corresponding to those of f{t} .

To avoid this contradiction it is necessary that C be composite , with the secant of **zg and a curve of order Af as components .
to avoid this contradiction it is necessary that c be composite , with the secant of **zg and a curve of order af as [parts] .

The desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of Chinese and Japanese .
the desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last [parts] produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of chinese and japanese .

Instead , he constantly became lost in parts and components of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours .
instead , he constantly became lost in parts and [parts] of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours .

What is missing is work that would answer , presumably by the use of survey methods and Guttman-type attitude scales , such questions as these : What are the components of the feeling-state described as alienation ? ?
what is missing is work that would answer , presumably by the use of survey methods and guttman-type attitude scales , such questions as these : what are the [parts] of the feeling-state described as alienation ? ?

To the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches .
to the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual [parts] must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches .

In addition to the known principal globulin , excelsin , three other ultracentrifugally distinct components have been observed .
in addition to the known principal globulin , excelsin , three other ultracentrifugally distinct [parts] have been observed .

The gallium / germanium ratio is higher than that for ordinary igneous , metamorphic , or sedimentary matter as a result of selective volatilization of the components of the tektite .
the gallium / germanium ratio is higher than that for ordinary igneous , metamorphic , or sedimentary matter as a result of selective volatilization of the [parts] of the tektite .

Spoilage by chemical action results from the reaction of one group of components in the food with others or with its environment , as in corrosion of the walls of metal containers or the reaction of fats with oxygen in the air to produce rancidity .
spoilage by chemical action results from the reaction of one group of [parts] in the food with others or with its environment , as in corrosion of the walls of metal containers or the reaction of fats with oxygen in the air to produce rancidity .

Simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam components to be poured , pumped , etc. , into a void where they foam up to fill the void .
simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam [parts] to be poured , pumped , etc. , into a void where they foam up to fill the void .

There are thus three components to an optimal design problem : ( 1 )
there are thus three [parts] to an optimal design problem : ( 1 )

When the frequency response characteristics of practical components are considered , their effect on stability does not present the most serious limit on the system loop gain .
when the frequency response characteristics of practical [parts] are considered , their effect on stability does not present the most serious limit on the system loop gain .

i.e. , high loop gain causes the system to respond to horizontal components of accelerations .
i.e. , high loop gain causes the system to respond to horizontal [parts] of accelerations .

When the system is arranged for automatic leveling , the platform angles respond to any horizontal components of acceleration acting on the accelerometers .
when the system is arranged for automatic leveling , the platform angles respond to any horizontal [parts] of acceleration acting on the accelerometers .

There are many such components of acceleration present due to the effect of wind gusts , engine noise , turbulence around the vehicle , etc. .
there are many such [parts] of acceleration present due to the effect of wind gusts , engine noise , turbulence around the vehicle , etc. .

This technique causes the system to respond only to low frequency acceleration components such as the platform tilt .
this technique causes the system to respond only to low frequency acceleration [parts] such as the platform tilt .

Use of the characteristics of the platform components for an indication of true heading .
use of the characteristics of the platform [parts] for an indication of true heading .

Yet at the Enterprise Works has given him a full-time job , making components for local firms .
yet at the enterprise works has given him a full-time job , making [parts] for local firms .

Get all the components done and that just leaves me to do the joints .
get all the [parts] done and that just leaves me to do the joints .

picket , and when they go out we all come back , reject work , such and such a component were missing , they sent us different components through
picket , and when they go out we all come back , reject work , such and such a component were missing , they sent us different [parts] through

According to a study published in the Lancet medical journal , red wine in moderation is thought to protect against coronary disease because of its non-alcoholic components .
according to a study published in the lancet medical journal , red wine in moderation is thought to protect against coronary disease because of its non-alcoholic [parts] .

The news that the company 's light truck plant in Leyland , Lancashire , for which Albion also supplies components , will restart production today , was a further hopeful sign .
the news that the company 's light truck plant in leyland , lancashire , for which albion also supplies [parts] , will restart production today , was a further hopeful sign .

The acting works convener , Tommy Gorman , said : ‘ In the short term they will need the axles and components which we manufacture here but we want to find out what their long-term plans are .
the acting works convener , tommy gorman , said : ‘ in the short term they will need the axles and [parts] which we manufacture here but we want to find out what their long-term plans are .

‘ You ca n't take one decision on a particular area of reform in isolation because everything relates to some other aspect , so we are carrying the study of the different components of reform forward on a broad front .
‘ you ca n't take one decision on a particular area of reform in isolation because everything relates to some other aspect , so we are carrying the study of the different [parts] of reform forward on a broad front .

Lothian and Edinburgh Enterprise Ltd has bought a 75-acre site next to the Motorola plant at Easter Inch Farm , ready to accommodate a number of international components suppliers keen to serve the £100 million factory .
lothian and edinburgh enterprise ltd has bought a 75-acre site next to the motorola plant at easter inch farm , ready to accommodate a number of international [parts] suppliers keen to serve the £100 million factory .

Discussions are understood to be under way with several companies which have expressed an interest in setting up alongside the plant to supply components to Motorola , which operates on a just-in-time principle of bringing in materials just as they are required for the production process .
discussions are understood to be under way with several companies which have expressed an interest in setting up alongside the plant to supply [parts] to motorola , which operates on a just-in-time principle of bringing in materials just as they are required for the production process .

Using coastal sites to link arrays of production valves and other components with the pipelines would reduce the amount of work required by divers and specialist vessels .
using coastal sites to link arrays of production valves and other [parts] with the pipelines would reduce the amount of work required by divers and specialist vessels .

Only two in five Scots electronics jobs are with UK-owned firms , and just an eighth of input — components , materials , utilities — is Scottish .
only two in five scots electronics jobs are with uk-owned firms , and just an eighth of input — [parts] , materials , utilities — is scottish .

This find included three rifles , a pistol , ammunition , explosives , and components for booby-trap bombs , incendiary devices , rocket launchers , grenades and mortars .
this find included three rifles , a pistol , ammunition , explosives , and [parts] for booby-trap bombs , incendiary devices , rocket launchers , grenades and mortars .

Given the twin facts that our economy is now heavily reliant on light industries , financial services and oil , and that in our newer industries we actually make very few of the components we assemble and distribute , we are especially vulnerable , as recent events have shown , to companies deciding to re-locate in other countries .
given the twin facts that our economy is now heavily reliant on light industries , financial services and oil , and that in our newer industries we actually make very few of the [parts] we assemble and distribute , we are especially vulnerable , as recent events have shown , to companies deciding to re-locate in other countries .

There was better news from Marley 's plumbing , plastic moulding and flooring businesses , where operating profits edged ahead from £27.3 million to £28.8 million , while automotive components more than doubled to £2.8 million .
there was better news from marley 's plumbing , plastic moulding and flooring businesses , where operating profits edged ahead from £27.3 million to £28.8 million , while automotive [parts] more than doubled to £2.8 million .

These include components valuable to birds , such as temporary grassland , spring sowing and winter stubble .
these include [parts] valuable to birds , such as temporary grassland , spring sowing and winter stubble .

By broadening the base of the pyramid , the Whitburn club hopes to sharpen the peak , with Team Components Bureau reaping the benefits .
by broadening the base of the pyramid , the whitburn club hopes to sharpen the peak , with team [parts] bureau reaping the benefits .

Whitburn 's Team Components Bureau , who last won the trophy in 1981 , face holders Glasgow Powerhouse in the women 's cup final , also at Meadowbank on Sunday .
whitburn 's team [parts] bureau , who last won the trophy in 1981 , face holders glasgow powerhouse in the women 's cup final , also at meadowbank on sunday .

The long-term side-effects of the waste are still not known quite apart from its chemical components .
the long-term side-effects of the waste are still not known quite apart from its chemical [parts] .

In the future , colleges like his would have to sell courses and expertise widely , often linking on a franchise basis with higher education establishment , to supply components for degree and other higher qualifications while extending to younger students , the opportunity to gain a variety of academic and vocational ones .
in the future , colleges like his would have to sell courses and expertise widely , often linking on a franchise basis with higher education establishment , to supply [parts] for degree and other higher qualifications while extending to younger students , the opportunity to gain a variety of academic and vocational ones .

Today more people work in electronics , pharmaceuticals , car components and new technology businesses of all kinds .
today more people work in electronics , pharmaceuticals , car [parts] and new technology businesses of all kinds .

If Components Bureau can beat the champions for a second time , then they will virtually be home and dry .
if [parts] bureau can beat the champions for a second time , then they will virtually be home and dry .

Powerhouse walked out after complaining that they had been kept waiting for 40 minutes for the court and Components Bureau claimed the points by default and then appealed unsuccessfully against the Scottish Association 's decision to rearrange the fixture .
powerhouse walked out after complaining that they had been kept waiting for 40 minutes for the court and [parts] bureau claimed the points by default and then appealed unsuccessfully against the scottish association 's decision to rearrange the fixture .

‘ There is a feeling that we did not get justice off court and the players want to put things right on court , ’ said the Components Bureau coach , Bob Stokes .
‘ there is a feeling that we did not get justice off court and the players want to put things right on court , ’ said the [parts] bureau coach , bob stokes .

Powerhouse coach , Vince Krawczyk , argued : ‘ The semi-final was the best preparation possible for the match with Components .
powerhouse coach , vince krawczyk , argued : ‘ the semi-final was the best preparation possible for the match with [parts] .

Britain still has a bicycle industry ; frames and complete bicycles are manufactured here , though most of the components are imported .
britain still has a bicycle industry ; frames and complete bicycles are manufactured here , though most of the [parts] are imported .

Lancashire Steel Fabrication , which produces and treats components for buses and commercial vehicles , moves into the town 's former Kinnings factory on Monday with a commitment to increase their 80 strong work force .
lancashire steel fabrication , which produces and treats [parts] for buses and commercial vehicles , moves into the town 's former kinnings factory on monday with a commitment to increase their 80 strong work force .

Virtual Personal Computing — the attractive use of graphics , colour , sound and the ‘ mouse ’ which have eased the acceptance of AppleMacs and PCs at this University , have been built upon the high bandwidth once only available between components of a single personal computer .
virtual personal computing — the attractive use of graphics , colour , sound and the ‘ mouse ’ which have eased the acceptance of applemacs and pcs at this university , have been built upon the high bandwidth once only available between [parts] of a single personal computer .

Naturally , after rounding , marginal or subtotals may be only approximately the sum of their components , but this can be explained in a footnote if necessary .
naturally , after rounding , marginal or subtotals may be only approximately the sum of their [parts] , but this can be explained in a footnote if necessary .

The year-to-year change in total number in a population depends on two pairs of components :
the year-to-year change in total number in a population depends on two pairs of [parts] :

Components of population change
[parts] of population change

We shall begin our discussion of components of population change by looking at mortality since death is a well-defined event that happens to everyone .
we shall begin our discussion of [parts] of population change by looking at mortality since death is a well-defined event that happens to everyone .

Many of the summary techniques used to describe mortality carry over into the other components of change .
many of the summary techniques used to describe mortality carry over into the other [parts] of change .

The four components of population change are birth , death , immigration and emigration .
the four [parts] of population change are birth , death , immigration and emigration .

, and future developments in that population are estimated by consideration of the components of change in the light of current experience .
, and future developments in that population are estimated by consideration of the [parts] of change in the light of current experience .

Time series may be decomposable into components representing temporal trend and seasonal variation thus permitting production of de-seasonalized figures .
time series may be decomposable into [parts] representing temporal trend and seasonal variation thus permitting production of de-seasonalized figures .

Determine trend and seasonal components for these data .
determine trend and seasonal [parts] for these data .

In many areas of the physical sciences , the second of these components is by far the most important .
in many areas of the physical sciences , the second of these [parts] is by far the most important .

Since the value of the resulting output is highly dependent on these components , they should be given early and careful consideration .
since the value of the resulting output is highly dependent on these [parts] , they should be given early and careful consideration .

We shall examine the development of the rate of profit in terms of two statistical components .
we shall examine the development of the rate of profit in terms of two statistical [parts] .

Yesterday 's report from a Commons inquiry accuses the Department of Trade and Industry of failing to identify warning signs and therefore failing to prevent British firms supplying components of five long-range artillery pieces to Saddam Hussein 's Baghdad regime .
yesterday 's report from a commons inquiry accuses the department of trade and industry of failing to identify warning signs and therefore failing to prevent british firms supplying [parts] of five long-range artillery pieces to saddam hussein 's baghdad regime .

It also proposes that all components for a motorcycle must be approved for each model of machine so bikers could not use alternative tyres , for example , without paying for them to be tested and approved for their motorcycle .
it also proposes that all [parts] for a motorcycle must be approved for each model of machine so bikers could not use alternative tyres , for example , without paying for them to be tested and approved for their motorcycle .

The Warrington-based electrical components group announced £7.34m profits for the year to March 31 , compared with £3.68m for the previous year .
the warrington-based electrical [parts] group announced £7.34m profits for the year to march 31 , compared with £3.68m for the previous year .

The advantages of diesels , in addition to better fuel consumption , are reliability ( because there are no ignition components to go wrong ) , longevity ( because the engines are very low-revving ) , and excellent trade-in values ( because they are highly desirable on the secondhand market ) .
the advantages of diesels , in addition to better fuel consumption , are reliability ( because there are no ignition [parts] to go wrong ) , longevity ( because the engines are very low-revving ) , and excellent trade-in values ( because they are highly desirable on the secondhand market ) .

On searching Murray 's home , they found three legally held guns as well as the illegal weapons and bomb components .
on searching murray 's home , they found three legally held guns as well as the illegal weapons and bomb [parts] .

The conventional hip replacement is designed in one piece it 's rigid and made in standard sizes.But the new design called the Oxford Universal Hip is made up of three components , each component is available in different sizes .
the conventional hip replacement is designed in one piece it 's rigid and made in standard sizes.but the new design called the oxford universal hip is made up of three [parts] , each component is available in different sizes .

One of the rather elaborate and erm potentially unreliable components in a washing machine is the controller .
one of the rather elaborate and erm potentially unreliable [parts] in a washing machine is the controller .

The general idea is that erm you could replace the many wires that feed power to lights , horns and things of that sort by a single wire that just provides power to everything , along which you would send signals which would be decoded by micro-electronic components within the lamp unit to decide whether that should draw power or not draw power , and so you can replace the harness , effectively , with a single thick wire .
the general idea is that erm you could replace the many wires that feed power to lights , horns and things of that sort by a single wire that just provides power to everything , along which you would send signals which would be decoded by micro-electronic [parts] within the lamp unit to decide whether that should draw power or not draw power , and so you can replace the harness , effectively , with a single thick wire .

The town of Telford has attracted a new £65,000,000 car components factory which will create 450 new jobs .
the town of telford has attracted a new £65,000,000 car [parts] factory which will create 450 new jobs .

We will now see what the other components may be .
we will now see what the other [parts] may be .

These components of intonation are found as elements in sequences of other such elements occurring one after another ( never simultaneously ) . These are :
these [parts] of intonation are found as elements in sequences of other such elements occurring one after another ( never simultaneously ) . these are :

These components are characteristics of speech which are constantly present and observable while speech is going on . The most important are :
these [parts] are characteristics of speech which are constantly present and observable while speech is going on . the most important are :

, and contrasts among prosodic components should be seen as relative to these ‘ background ’ speaker characteristics .
, and contrasts among prosodic [parts] should be seen as relative to these ‘ background ’ speaker characteristics .

Each of these prosodic components needs a proper framework for categorisation , and this is an interesting area of current research .
each of these prosodic [parts] needs a proper framework for categorisation , and this is an interesting area of current research .

Prosodic components should be regarded as part of intonation along with sequential components .
prosodic [parts] should be regarded as part of intonation along with sequential [parts] .

These are obviously relevant to the act of speaking but could not themselves properly be regarded as components of speech .
these are obviously relevant to the act of speaking but could not themselves properly be regarded as [parts] of speech .

Again , they need a proper descriptive and classificatory system , but this is not something that comes within the scope of this course , nor in my opinion should they be regarded as components of intonation .
again , they need a proper descriptive and classificatory system , but this is not something that comes within the scope of this course , nor in my opinion should they be regarded as [parts] of intonation .

What advice , then , can be given to the foreign learner of English who wants to learn ‘ correct intonation ’ ? It is certainly true that a few generalisations can be made about the attitudinal functions of some components of intonation . Within tone , for example , most books agree on some basic meanings ; here are some examples :
what advice , then , can be given to the foreign learner of english who wants to learn ‘ correct intonation ’ ? it is certainly true that a few generalisations can be made about the attitudinal functions of some [parts] of intonation . within tone , for example , most books agree on some basic meanings ; here are some examples :

Similarly , within the area of prosodic components most generalisations tend to be very broad and obvious : wider pitch range tends to be used in excited or enthusiastic speaking , slower speed is typical of the speech of someone who is tired or bored , and so on .
similarly , within the area of prosodic [parts] most generalisations tend to be very broad and obvious : wider pitch range tends to be used in excited or enthusiastic speaking , slower speed is typical of the speech of someone who is tired or bored , and so on .

What is being claimed here is that , though it is of great importance , the complexity of the total set of sequential and prosodic components of intonation and of paralinguistic features makes it a very difficult thing to teach .
what is being claimed here is that , though it is of great importance , the complexity of the total set of sequential and prosodic [parts] of intonation and of paralinguistic features makes it a very difficult thing to teach .

The use of these components has the result that the subordinate tone-units are less easy to hear .
the use of these [parts] has the result that the subordinate tone-units are less easy to hear .

In a more general way , it can be seen that speakers use various prosodic components to indicate to others that they have finished speaking , that another person is expected to speak , that a particular type of response is required , and so on .
in a more general way , it can be seen that speakers use various prosodic [parts] to indicate to others that they have finished speaking , that another person is expected to speak , that a particular type of response is required , and so on .

In distinctive feature analysis the features themselves thus become important components of the phonology .
in distinctive feature analysis the features themselves thus become important [parts] of the phonology .

Courtaulds and Toray manufacture complementary types of spinnerettes , the perforated components through which fluids are forced to create fibres .
courtaulds and toray manufacture complementary types of spinnerettes , the perforated [parts] through which fluids are forced to create fibres .

The bio-reactors are cleverly rigged up from glass jars , tubing and other components and driven by the pump from a car windscreen washer .
the bio-reactors are cleverly rigged up from glass jars , tubing and other [parts] and driven by the pump from a car windscreen washer .

Most of the engines produced at Ellesmere Port will be sold in Europe and components will be distributed for sale throughout the world .
most of the engines produced at ellesmere port will be sold in europe and [parts] will be distributed for sale throughout the world .

An agreement signed during a two-day visit by senior purchasing staff from Behr appointed the Welsh Development Agency 's source team to select Welsh companies capable of supplying air conditioning system components such as wiring harnesses , precision castings and turned parts .
an agreement signed during a two-day visit by senior purchasing staff from behr appointed the welsh development agency 's source team to select welsh companies capable of supplying air conditioning system [parts] such as wiring harnesses , precision castings and turned parts .

All the colourful components of France 's Colonial Empire were to be found at work keeping the Verdun lifeline open ; powerful Senegalese , with their chants of ‘ cassa-le-caillou ’ , wielded picks next to industrious little Annamites , clad in yellow uniforms .
all the colourful [parts] of france 's colonial empire were to be found at work keeping the verdun lifeline open ; powerful senegalese , with their chants of ‘ cassa-le-caillou ’ , wielded picks next to industrious little annamites , clad in yellow uniforms .

We turn now to an analysis of the main determinants of consumption and investment , two of the main components of aggregate demand .
we turn now to an analysis of the main determinants of consumption and investment , two of the main [parts] of aggregate demand .

Consumption and investment are two major components of aggregate demand .
consumption and investment are two major [parts] of aggregate demand .

The nominal rate of interest has two components .
the nominal rate of interest has two [parts] .

Thus , as total wealth increases , the desire to hold money ( one of the components of total wealth ) will also increase .
thus , as total wealth increases , the desire to hold money ( one of the [parts] of total wealth ) will also increase .

7.3 ( a ) Circuit for determining impedance from a.c. meter measurements and ( b ) phasor diagram for circuit ( a ) deduced from meter measurements of the r.m.s. magnitudes of potential differences across components of it .
7.3 ( a ) circuit for determining impedance from a.c. meter measurements and ( b ) phasor diagram for circuit ( a ) deduced from meter measurements of the r.m.s. magnitudes of potential differences across [parts] of it .

7.5 ( a ) The general Wheatstone form of a.c. bridge and ( b ) the approach to its double balance condition through successive alternate attempts at nulling the in-phase and quadrature components of potential difference across the detector .
7.5 ( a ) the general wheatstone form of a.c. bridge and ( b ) the approach to its double balance condition through successive alternate attempts at nulling the in-phase and quadrature [parts] of potential difference across the detector .

Normally several successive alternate balancings of the in-phase and quadrature components are needed before a sufficiently fine approximation to the perfect double balance condition is reached .
normally several successive alternate balancings of the in-phase and quadrature [parts] are needed before a sufficiently fine approximation to the perfect double balance condition is reached .

If the balance conditions are independent of the frequency of the supply then the use of a nonsinusoidal source poses no balancing problems , the harmonic components of potential being balanced whenever the fundamental components are ( see section 11.1 ) .
if the balance conditions are independent of the frequency of the supply then the use of a nonsinusoidal source poses no balancing problems , the harmonic [parts] of potential being balanced whenever the fundamental [parts] are ( see section 11.1 ) .

Components for use in a.c. bridges present problems .
[parts] for use in a.c. bridges present problems .

Sometimes helpful in determining the values of unknown circuit components are substitution and difference techniques in which the value indicated from the balance of the bridge with a standard component is compared with that when the unknown is connected on its own or in parallel or series with the standard , whichever is more suitable .
sometimes helpful in determining the values of unknown circuit [parts] are substitution and difference techniques in which the value indicated from the balance of the bridge with a standard component is compared with that when the unknown is connected on its own or in parallel or series with the standard , whichever is more suitable .

In implementing screening through incorporation of earthed metallic enclosures , either in the form of boxes round components or the braided outers of coaxial cables , care must be exercised to ensure that not more than one point of the circuit is earthed otherwise part of it will be shorted out .
in implementing screening through incorporation of earthed metallic enclosures , either in the form of boxes round [parts] or the braided outers of coaxial cables , care must be exercised to ensure that not more than one point of the circuit is earthed otherwise part of it will be shorted out .

Of the various bridges considered so far , only the Hay bridge mentioned in section 7.4 features balance conditions that exhibit an explicit dependence on frequency so that it can be used to measure the frequency of the source in terms of appropriate components .
of the various bridges considered so far , only the hay bridge mentioned in section 7.4 features balance conditions that exhibit an explicit dependence on frequency so that it can be used to measure the frequency of the source in terms of appropriate [parts] .

Purely reactive filters are , of course , impossible to achieve in practice and , in any approximation to them , the components inevitably exhibit resistive losses .
purely reactive filters are , of course , impossible to achieve in practice and , in any approximation to them , the [parts] inevitably exhibit resistive losses .

The impedances of the series components are multiplied by a factor m compared with the prototype where m lies between zero and unity .
the impedances of the series [parts] are multiplied by a factor m compared with the prototype where m lies between zero and unity .

First the impedances of the shunt components are divided by a factor m compared with the prototype where m lies between zero and unity .
first the impedances of the shunt [parts] are divided by a factor m compared with the prototype where m lies between zero and unity .

For the asymmetric T-section shown in figure 9.14 ( a ) , the two iterative impedances are given by and which readily rearrange into the quadratic equations and Thus Of the two solutions to each of the equations ( 9.68 ) , those having positive components of iterative resistance are appropriate and these normally correspond to taking the positive root in each case .
for the asymmetric t-section shown in figure 9.14 ( a ) , the two iterative impedances are given by and which readily rearrange into the quadratic equations and thus of the two solutions to each of the equations ( 9.68 ) , those having positive [parts] of iterative resistance are appropriate and these normally correspond to taking the positive root in each case .

The distributed aspect contrasts sharply with the lumped nature of circuit representation of discrete components that has been adopted in all networks considered so far .
the distributed aspect contrasts sharply with the lumped nature of circuit representation of discrete [parts] that has been adopted in all networks considered so far .

If this phase difference is negligibly small , say , less than a few degrees , then the line may as well be represented in terms of lumped components corresponding to the total series and parallel impedances .
if this phase difference is negligibly small , say , less than a few degrees , then the line may as well be represented in terms of lumped [parts] corresponding to the total series and parallel impedances .

An important corollary of the present discussion is that circuit components of centimetre dimensions can properly be regarded as discrete until the frequency gets as high as about 300MHz ( recall discussion of this topic near the beginning of section 4.3 ) .
an important corollary of the present discussion is that circuit [parts] of centimetre dimensions can properly be regarded as discrete until the frequency gets as high as about 300mhz ( recall discussion of this topic near the beginning of section 4.3 ) .

Expressions for the amplitudes a n and b n of the harmonic components of any Fourier series are obtained by multiplying both sides of equation ( 11.1 ) by or and integrating over a complete period .
expressions for the amplitudes a n and b n of the harmonic [parts] of any fourier series are obtained by multiplying both sides of equation ( 11.1 ) by or and integrating over a complete period .

As the frequency of a periodic nonsinusoidal signal becomes lower and lower , it can be seen with reference to figure 11.2 ( b ) that its harmonic spectral components become bunched closer and closer together .
as the frequency of a periodic nonsinusoidal signal becomes lower and lower , it can be seen with reference to figure 11.2 ( b ) that its harmonic spectral [parts] become bunched closer and closer together .

Clearly in the limit of the frequency going to zero , the frequency separation of the harmonic components becomes infinitesimal .
clearly in the limit of the frequency going to zero , the frequency separation of the harmonic [parts] becomes infinitesimal .

Often expressions for the values of the reactive components of Butterworth filters are quoted corresponding to unit load resistance and unit cut-off pulsatance .
often expressions for the values of the reactive [parts] of butterworth filters are quoted corresponding to unit load resistance and unit cut-off pulsatance .

secretaries , ( office stationery ) , production engineers ( lathes ) , design engineers ( components ) , managing directors ( computers ) , so the salesperson needs to be aware of the real need to treat each organisation individually .
secretaries , ( office stationery ) , production engineers ( lathes ) , design engineers ( [parts] ) , managing directors ( computers ) , so the salesperson needs to be aware of the real need to treat each organisation individually .

However , on some of the older machines , stocks of major component parts were not kept and had to be ordered from Italy ; hence the instances of four-weeks-plus deliveries of certain components that was highlighted on the television programme .
however , on some of the older machines , stocks of major component parts were not kept and had to be ordered from italy ; hence the instances of four-weeks-plus deliveries of certain [parts] that was highlighted on the television programme .

One is to ensure that the licensing arrangement means the acceptance of certain component parts from the licensor and if there are problems in payment then components can be withheld .
one is to ensure that the licensing arrangement means the acceptance of certain component parts from the licensor and if there are problems in payment then [parts] can be withheld .

New and potential users can grasp the basics of microcomputing — system components , function keys , Dosmate , general housekeeping and an overview of common application packages .
new and potential users can grasp the basics of microcomputing — system [parts] , function keys , dosmate , general housekeeping and an overview of common application packages .

Gas is slower-burning , resulting in reduced wear on principal engine components and reduced running costs .
gas is slower-burning , resulting in reduced wear on principal engine [parts] and reduced running costs .

The bass has been beautifully set up , though , and traditional principles combined with components made to today 's criteria make this bass as valid and effective as it ever was .
the bass has been beautifully set up , though , and traditional principles combined with [parts] made to today 's criteria make this bass as valid and effective as it ever was .

The bridge and tailpiece are actually two separate components , a sort of abbreviated version of Gibson 's tune-o-matic system .
the bridge and tailpiece are actually two separate [parts] , a sort of abbreviated version of gibson 's tune-o-matic system .

But it 's not only components by Vox which feature in Roberto 's cache ; his Wembley warehouse is chock full of interesting bits and pieces .
but it 's not only [parts] by vox which feature in roberto 's cache ; his wembley warehouse is chock full of interesting bits and pieces .

You 'll have to remove the internal speaker jack if an extension speaker cabinet is used — again saving costs on extra components .
you 'll have to remove the internal speaker jack if an extension speaker cabinet is used — again saving costs on extra [parts] .

1 Cherry laurel and yew , almonds , walnuts and brazil nuts are just a few of the many components that can be used in your wreath .
1 cherry laurel and yew , almonds , walnuts and brazil nuts are just a few of the many [parts] that can be used in your wreath .

We do not supply electronic components or kits for building the projects featured , this can be supplied by advertisers .
we do not supply electronic [parts] or kits for building the projects featured , this can be supplied by advertisers .

One channel ( left ) of the Class-A Headphone Amplifier and the common power supply components is shown in the circuit diagram Fig .
one channel ( left ) of the class-a headphone amplifier and the common power supply [parts] is shown in the circuit diagram fig .

Components for the right channel have one hundred added to the component numbering , i.e .
[parts] for the right channel have one hundred added to the component numbering , i.e .

Most of the components are mounted on a piece of 0.1″ .
most of the [parts] are mounted on a piece of 0.1″ .

and use this as a reference point for the rest of the components .
and use this as a reference point for the rest of the [parts] .

However , it 's easier if you solder the smaller parts first and work upward in size ; the smaller parts are much more difficult to keep in the board prior to soldering if the board has to be balanced on larger components .
however , it 's easier if you solder the smaller parts first and work upward in size ; the smaller parts are much more difficult to keep in the board prior to soldering if the board has to be balanced on larger [parts] .

Whatever method you decide to use to wire the board remember to ensure that all polarity conscious components are correctly orientated .
whatever method you decide to use to wire the board remember to ensure that all polarity conscious [parts] are correctly orientated .

It would appear that either the values had been substituted by the supplier ( without warning ) or the capacitors had been mistaken for components having an identical capacitance value but with a much reduced voltage rating .
it would appear that either the values had been substituted by the supplier ( without warning ) or the capacitors had been mistaken for [parts] having an identical capacitance value but with a much reduced voltage rating .

Alternatively , circuits may be built using basic components on the Plugblock ( prototype board ) — layouts are given in all cases .
alternatively , circuits may be built using basic [parts] on the plugblock ( prototype board ) — layouts are given in all cases .

Remember , if you have been building circuits from previous parts of the series , check your stock of components before ordering new ones .
remember , if you have been building circuits from previous parts of the series , check your stock of [parts] before ordering new ones .

In addition to the components used previously , you will need the following :
in addition to the [parts] used previously , you will need the following :

In addition to the components used previously , you will need the following
in addition to the [parts] used previously , you will need the following

In addition to previously-used components you will need :
in addition to previously-used [parts] you will need :

No additional components are need to build this circuit .
no additional [parts] are need to build this circuit .

No additional components are required .
no additional [parts] are required .

No additional components are needed to build this circuit .
no additional [parts] are needed to build this circuit .

No additional components are needed .
no additional [parts] are needed .

It is like having a large array of small drawers containing electronic components .
it is like having a large array of small drawers containing electronic [parts] .

The physical features of the components used in the circuit .
the physical features of the [parts] used in the circuit .

The operating characteristics of both the individual components and the circuit itself — voltages , currents and operating frequencies etc .
the operating characteristics of both the individual [parts] and the circuit itself — voltages , currents and operating frequencies etc .

Any components which become hot in normal operation , e.g .
any [parts] which become hot in normal operation , e.g .

Having defined the size of the board the next stage is to consider the circuit and the components themselves , before getting down to the job of designing the copper track pattern itself .
having defined the size of the board the next stage is to consider the circuit and the [parts] themselves , before getting down to the job of designing the copper track pattern itself .

None of the components in this design get unduly hot during operation , we do not need to worry about leaving ample space for a heatsink .
none of the [parts] in this design get unduly hot during operation , we do not need to worry about leaving ample space for a heatsink .

Many components such as transformers , relays and integrated circuits have their terminals arranged on a regular grid , and generally — but not always — a 0.1″ matrix ‘ pitch ’ ( distance between the lines on the grid ) is employed .
many [parts] such as transformers , relays and integrated circuits have their terminals arranged on a regular grid , and generally — but not always — a 0.1″ matrix ‘ pitch ’ ( distance between the lines on the grid ) is employed .

have a pitch which matches the terminals of the components if the parts are to fit the board properly .
have a pitch which matches the terminals of the [parts] if the parts are to fit the board properly .

It is best to tape this grid using Scotch Magic Tape to the light box to enable the designer to accurately align components onto a 0.1″ pitch .
it is best to tape this grid using scotch magic tape to the light box to enable the designer to accurately align [parts] onto a 0.1″ pitch .

The next stop is to try and determine the best arrangement of the components on the board , and it often helps if at least the major parts ( large transformers , relays etc . )
the next stop is to try and determine the best arrangement of the [parts] on the board , and it often helps if at least the major parts ( large transformers , relays etc . )

are to hand so that the designer can visualise the arrangement of the components .
are to hand so that the designer can visualise the arrangement of the [parts] .

Using a pencil and paper , draw out an approximate actual size layout of the components to get an idea of how the parts can best fit together .
using a pencil and paper , draw out an approximate actual size layout of the [parts] to get an idea of how the parts can best fit together .

Bear in mind the specification we drew up earlier , so that hot components are not too close to other parts , mains-voltage parts are all grouped together where possible , etc .
bear in mind the specification we drew up earlier , so that hot [parts] are not too close to other parts , mains-voltage parts are all grouped together where possible , etc .

At this stage the author uses the light box to see through the paper , and by turning over the paper it is possible to drawn in with pencil on the reverse , a rough copper track layout which will link up the components in accordance with the circuit diagram .
at this stage the author uses the light box to see through the paper , and by turning over the paper it is possible to drawn in with pencil on the reverse , a rough copper track layout which will link up the [parts] in accordance with the circuit diagram .

When the paper is viewed on the light box , a see-through view is obtained so that it is possible to see the rough copper track layout , like an X-Ray , in relation to the components .
when the paper is viewed on the light box , a see-through view is obtained so that it is possible to see the rough copper track layout , like an x-ray , in relation to the [parts] .

Using your rough pencil copy as a guide , commence the preparation of the artwork by placing down the mounting pads of the components , using either crepe tape circles or rub-down dry transfers of appropriate diameter .
using your rough pencil copy as a guide , commence the preparation of the artwork by placing down the mounting pads of the [parts] , using either crepe tape circles or rub-down dry transfers of appropriate diameter .

Large circles ( roughly 3.6mm outside diameter ( o/d ) or more ) are best for mains components and terminals .
large circles ( roughly 3.6mm outside diameter ( o/d ) or more ) are best for mains [parts] and terminals .

Lay down all pads on the intersections of the 0.1″ matrix so that they match the pinouts of the various components used .
lay down all pads on the intersections of the 0.1″ matrix so that they match the pinouts of the various [parts] used .

Some components are manufactured on a metric grid , often showing up in data as a distance of 5.0mm between pins .
some [parts] are manufactured on a metric grid , often showing up in data as a distance of 5.0mm between pins .

Lay a piece of paper over the artwork and draw on the actual positions of the components , showing the locations of all pinouts and terminals clearly .
lay a piece of paper over the artwork and draw on the actual positions of the [parts] , showing the locations of all pinouts and terminals clearly .

Also labels the components on your drawing as per your circuit diagram and retain for future reference .
also labels the [parts] on your drawing as per your circuit diagram and retain for future reference .

The whole circuit is driven by a simple mains power supply and associated components .
the whole circuit is driven by a simple mains power supply and associated [parts] .

There should be no problem in assembling this board provided all the usual precautions about soldering and the orientation of polarized components are observed .
there should be no problem in assembling this board provided all the usual precautions about soldering and the orientation of polarized [parts] are observed .

This would give double the required output voltage which could easily cause damage to the power supply components and beyond .
this would give double the required output voltage which could easily cause damage to the power supply [parts] and beyond .

This carries most of the components .
this carries most of the [parts] .

In the prototype unit , all internal components were mounted on the base section of the case .
in the prototype unit , all internal [parts] were mounted on the base section of the case .

Interwiring from the circuit board to off-board components .
interwiring from the circuit board to off-board [parts] .

Apart from pure nostalgia , perhaps this is because in the ‘ old days ’ it was fairly easy to look at a faulty circuit , identify components used for specific functions , replace them and get the set going again whether it was commercially or home-made .
apart from pure nostalgia , perhaps this is because in the ‘ old days ’ it was fairly easy to look at a faulty circuit , identify [parts] used for specific functions , replace them and get the set going again whether it was commercially or home-made .

This can still be done , old components can still be obtained and it is often possible to restore 50/60 year old , or even older , wireless sets to their former glory .
this can still be done , old [parts] can still be obtained and it is often possible to restore 50/60 year old , or even older , wireless sets to their former glory .

The specific components of chromosomes in turn are called genes , that familiar word describing how detailed information about the whole organism is passed on from generation to generation .
the specific [parts] of chromosomes in turn are called genes , that familiar word describing how detailed information about the whole organism is passed on from generation to generation .

The use of the imagination is one of the vital components of successful hypnotherapy , whether regression is involved or not .
the use of the imagination is one of the vital [parts] of successful hypnotherapy , whether regression is involved or not .

The chart shows the frequency components of English speech .
the chart shows the frequency [parts] of english speech .

One overriding advantage of feeding dry foods , is that you ensure that you are feeding a balanced diet , which will contain all essential components , vitamins and minerals .
one overriding advantage of feeding dry foods , is that you ensure that you are feeding a balanced diet , which will contain all essential [parts] , vitamins and minerals .

The electrical components should be double insulated for maximum safety and the outer casing made from an ultra violet stabilised material .
the electrical [parts] should be double insulated for maximum safety and the outer casing made from an ultra violet stabilised material .

We do not supply electronics components or kits for building the projects featured , these can be supplied by advertisers .
we do not supply electronics [parts] or kits for building the projects featured , these can be supplied by advertisers .

At this stage only fit pins to the board at the points where the connections to the off-board components will eventually be made .
at this stage only fit pins to the board at the points where the connections to the off-board [parts] will eventually be made .

Excluding the batteries , all components are mounted on a piece of 0.1in .
excluding the batteries , all [parts] are mounted on a piece of 0.1in .

The remainder of the components may now be soldered into place in any convenient order .
the remainder of the [parts] may now be soldered into place in any convenient order .

Also ensure that all the components are correctly located .
also ensure that all the [parts] are correctly located .

They are certainly listed in the Free Cricklewood components catalogue .
they are certainly listed in the free cricklewood [parts] catalogue .

The rest of the components for the Reverb are standard lines and should not cause any problems .
the rest of the [parts] for the reverb are standard lines and should not cause any problems .

The problem was compounded by the requirement of a voltage output range which led to a compromise over the values of certain components , particularly those in the filter section .
the problem was compounded by the requirement of a voltage output range which led to a compromise over the values of certain [parts] , particularly those in the filter section .

All the small components can now be fitted in the positions indicated , taking the usual care where tracks are close together to avoid solder bridges .
all the small [parts] can now be fitted in the positions indicated , taking the usual care where tracks are close together to avoid solder bridges .

The board is then ready for drilling and tinning ( if required ) before soldering in the components .
the board is then ready for drilling and tinning ( if required ) before soldering in the [parts] .

One is the occasional project that refuses to work ( although some consider that this is where the fun really starts ) , and the other is waiting for ‘ out of stock ’ components to arrive .
one is the occasional project that refuses to work ( although some consider that this is where the fun really starts ) , and the other is waiting for ‘ out of stock ’ [parts] to arrive .

One point that has to be made straight away , is that it is not a good idea to start buying the components for a project published some time ago unless you are certain that all the components are still available ( even up-to-the-minute designs can suffer from supply problems with components — see Everyday Readout in this issue ) .
one point that has to be made straight away , is that it is not a good idea to start buying the [parts] for a project published some time ago unless you are certain that all the [parts] are still available ( even up-to-the-minute designs can suffer from supply problems with [parts] — see everyday readout in this issue ) .

If an old project uses any component that is eve slightly out of the ordinary it would be advisable to check that it is still available before starting to buy the components .
if an old project uses any component that is eve slightly out of the ordinary it would be advisable to check that it is still available before starting to buy the [parts] .

It is a matter of carefully considering components used in each project , and using a little common sense .
it is a matter of carefully considering [parts] used in each project , and using a little common sense .

The safest way to proceed with a project that uses any unusual components is to buy these components first , and to only go on to buy the remaining components once you actually have the ‘ hard to find ’ items in your possession .
the safest way to proceed with a project that uses any unusual [parts] is to buy these [parts] first , and to only go on to buy the remaining [parts] once you actually have the ‘ hard to find ’ items in your possession .

One way to reduce the problem of waiting for elusive components to arrive is to build up a stock of components .
one way to reduce the problem of waiting for elusive [parts] to arrive is to build up a stock of [parts] .

At one time quite a modest stock of components would enable you to build practically anything that came along in the electronics press , although the cost of the components would have been very high by today 's standards .
at one time quite a modest stock of [parts] would enable you to build practically anything that came along in the electronics press , although the cost of the [parts] would have been very high by today 's standards .

These days there is no point in trying to accumulate a cache of components that will accommodate any project that takes your fancy .
these days there is no point in trying to accumulate a cache of [parts] that will accommodate any project that takes your fancy .

It is still worthwhile building up a stock of components though , and most electronics hobbyists end up with quite a large store of components after a few years .
it is still worthwhile building up a stock of [parts] though , and most electronics hobbyists end up with quite a large store of [parts] after a few years .

On the other hand , a stock of components can avoid the frustration of being held up on a project because a mundane integrated circuit is temporarily unavailable , or because you have managed to break one lead away from a 100m capacitor .
on the other hand , a stock of [parts] can avoid the frustration of being held up on a project because a mundane integrated circuit is temporarily unavailable , or because you have managed to break one lead away from a 100m capacitor .

You need to be sensible about buying components for stock though , or you will probably just waste a lot of money .
you need to be sensible about buying [parts] for stock though , or you will probably just waste a lot of money .

The old approach to the problem was to raid discarded or inexpensive pieces of surplus equipment for any components that could be removed intact .
the old approach to the problem was to raid discarded or inexpensive pieces of surplus equipment for any [parts] that could be removed intact .

Also , bear in mind that the components removed from circuit boards are likely to have very short leadouts that might prevent them from fitting into the component layouts of your projects .
also , bear in mind that the [parts] removed from circuit boards are likely to have very short leadouts that might prevent them from fitting into the component layouts of your projects .

, but only if you know what you are doing , and you have the necessary test equipment to sort out the good components from the ‘ duds ’ .
, but only if you know what you are doing , and you have the necessary test equipment to sort out the good [parts] from the ‘ duds ’ .

The likely consequence of this is that project after project will fail to work because you have used one or more faulty or otherwise unsuitable components .
the likely consequence of this is that project after project will fail to work because you have used one or more faulty or otherwise unsuitable [parts] .

Packs of tested components are a different matter , and these represent the best way for beginners to obtain a useful stock of components for a modest outlay .
packs of tested [parts] are a different matter , and these represent the best way for beginners to obtain a useful stock of [parts] for a modest outlay .

With a few possible exceptions , it is not worthwhile stocking up with other components in large numbers because it would either be too costly , or it would take years to use them all up .
with a few possible exceptions , it is not worthwhile stocking up with other [parts] in large numbers because it would either be too costly , or it would take years to use them all up .

Packs of Zener diodes can be had at reasonable prices , but as these components do not feature in many projects these days , you could well be buying a two hundred year supply !
packs of zener diodes can be had at reasonable prices , but as these [parts] do not feature in many projects these days , you could well be buying a two hundred year supply !

Most other components simply are not offered in tested packs , or if they are , the cost is likely to be too high for most of us to be able to give them serious consideration .
most other [parts] simply are not offered in tested packs , or if they are , the cost is likely to be too high for most of us to be able to give them serious consideration .

However , there are some commonly used components where it is worthwhile having two or three of each in stock , and this is my list of suggested buys .
however , there are some commonly used [parts] where it is worthwhile having two or three of each in stock , and this is my list of suggested buys .

In the early days of Everyday Electronics it was often suggested that it was a good idea to double-up on the cheaper components when buying a set of components for a project .
in the early days of everyday electronics it was often suggested that it was a good idea to double-up on the cheaper [parts] when buying a set of [parts] for a project .

This does not add much to the cost of the order , and over a period of time the extra components build up into a useful stock of parts .
this does not add much to the cost of the order , and over a period of time the extra [parts] build up into a useful stock of parts .

Furthermore , you automatically get more of the popular components , and fewer of those that are infrequently used .
furthermore , you automatically get more of the popular [parts] , and fewer of those that are infrequently used .

This remains a good way of doing things , and must be the most pain-free way of building up a stock of components .
this remains a good way of doing things , and must be the most pain-free way of building up a stock of [parts] .

Its main drawback is that you will be paying significantly more for your components , as you will not be getting the benefits of bulk buying .
its main drawback is that you will be paying significantly more for your [parts] , as you will not be getting the benefits of bulk buying .

If you are going to have a large stock of components you must store them sensibly .
if you are going to have a large stock of [parts] you must store them sensibly .

Rummaging through hundreds or thousands of components for each part you require will take a great deal of time .
rummaging through hundreds or thousands of [parts] for each part you require will take a great deal of time .

Worse than this , it will tend to rub the identification markings off the components , and could eventually result in more serious damage , such as detached leads .
worse than this , it will tend to rub the identification markings off the [parts] , and could eventually result in more serious damage , such as detached leads .

Some sort of multi-compartment box is required , or if you have a lot of components to store it may be necessary to have several of these boxes .
some sort of multi-compartment box is required , or if you have a lot of [parts] to store it may be necessary to have several of these boxes .

Some of these boxes have quite small compartments , making them unsuitable for resistors and some other components .
some of these boxes have quite small compartments , making them unsuitable for resistors and some other [parts] .

They are perfect for the smaller components though , such as most capacitors , transistors , etc .
they are perfect for the smaller [parts] though , such as most capacitors , transistors , etc .

All the components , with the exception of the 20 display l.e.d.s , are mounted on a small single-sided printed circuit board ( p.c.b . )
all the [parts] , with the exception of the 20 display l.e.d.s , are mounted on a small single-sided printed circuit board ( p.c.b . )

holders and small components such as resistors .
holders and small [parts] such as resistors .

As well as the personal stereo mentioned earlier , you will need the following components to make the transmitter .
as well as the personal stereo mentioned earlier , you will need the following [parts] to make the transmitter .

If you have been following the series , the starred items will already be part of your components kit so check before ordering .
if you have been following the series , the starred items will already be part of your [parts] kit so check before ordering .

To build it , you will need the following components .
to build it , you will need the following [parts] .

There 's no doubt that the build quality of these Japanese models is superior to that of the Korean one ; all the various routing work and insertion of related components is far more consistent .
there 's no doubt that the build quality of these japanese models is superior to that of the korean one ; all the various routing work and insertion of related [parts] is far more consistent .

This way , with the connections all at the rear and the rack components connected to a mains distribution board within the rack housing , the patch cables ( of which there can be quite a few ) need never be touched , and a single mains cable is usually all that 's needed to plug into the wall and power the whole thing up .
this way , with the connections all at the rear and the rack [parts] connected to a mains distribution board within the rack housing , the patch cables ( of which there can be quite a few ) need never be touched , and a single mains cable is usually all that 's needed to plug into the wall and power the whole thing up .

Well , Rocktron 's system might not be everyone 's idea of perfection , but it 's beautifully put together with state-of-the-art components , and as the first of a potential wave of ‘ off the peg ’ rack systems it 's the one the rest will have to beat .
well , rocktron 's system might not be everyone 's idea of perfection , but it 's beautifully put together with state-of-the-art [parts] , and as the first of a potential wave of ‘ off the peg ’ rack systems it 's the one the rest will have to beat .

The heat may shorten the life of the valve and other components , and in any case , no improvement in sound quality will be noticeable with the fan disconnected .
the heat may shorten the life of the valve and other [parts] , and in any case , no improvement in sound quality will be noticeable with the fan disconnected .

The sugars formed by combining the hydrogen with the carbon dioxide are then converted into substances called starches ( the main components of flour and potatoes ) which can be elaborated further into the many complex materials which make up the bodies of living things .
the sugars formed by combining the hydrogen with the carbon dioxide are then converted into substances called starches ( the main [parts] of flour and potatoes ) which can be elaborated further into the many complex materials which make up the bodies of living things .

It is only when a living organism dies that it becomes subject to the laws of the non-living world , and disintegrates into simpler and simpler molecules or components .
it is only when a living organism dies that it becomes subject to the laws of the non-living world , and disintegrates into simpler and simpler molecules or [parts] .

It should therefore be obvious that the various physical and chemical components of our bodies do not constitute life .
it should therefore be obvious that the various physical and chemical [parts] of our bodies do not constitute life .

The increasing complexity of matter forms a series of components of increasing organization as illustrated in Figure 5 .
the increasing complexity of matter forms a series of [parts] of increasing organization as illustrated in figure 5 .

Taking ourselves back to our basic physical components , we can say that we are built up from multitudes of particles held together by electrical bonds of varying strengths or intensities .
taking ourselves back to our basic physical [parts] , we can say that we are built up from multitudes of particles held together by electrical bonds of varying strengths or intensities .

It is known that when a non-polar substance — that is , one which does not ionize like salts , acids and alkalis into positive and negative components — is dissolved in water , or a water/alcohol mixture , the water polymers surround the molecules of the dissolved material , and take up a shape known as the solvation cage , which is dependent on the shape of the starting material , but which also gives the least strain on the hydrogen bonds connecting the water molecules ( Figure 9 ) .
it is known that when a non-polar substance — that is , one which does not ionize like salts , acids and alkalis into positive and negative [parts] — is dissolved in water , or a water/alcohol mixture , the water polymers surround the molecules of the dissolved material , and take up a shape known as the solvation cage , which is dependent on the shape of the starting material , but which also gives the least strain on the hydrogen bonds connecting the water molecules ( figure 9 ) .

Once inside the body these simple molecules are used to repair damaged or worn out cell components , to form energy storage compounds or-to provide immediate energy to power the cells , tissues and the body as a whole .
once inside the body these simple molecules are used to repair damaged or worn out cell [parts] , to form energy storage compounds or-to provide immediate energy to power the cells , tissues and the body as a whole .

The various components of the prostaglandin system occur fleetingly , and in minute amounts , in all the tissues of the body .
the various [parts] of the prostaglandin system occur fleetingly , and in minute amounts , in all the tissues of the body .

In fact it may well turn out that components of the prostaglandin system are involved in all aspects of the integration and harmonization of body processes .
in fact it may well turn out that [parts] of the prostaglandin system are involved in all aspects of the integration and harmonization of body processes .

Even accidents are not necessarily purely environmental since ‘ accident-proneness ’ can have inherited components , and any accident involves the mental and emotional state of the victim at the time of the accident or just prior to it ( state of alertness , for instance ) , as well as the occurrence itself .
even accidents are not necessarily purely environmental since ‘ accident-proneness ’ can have inherited [parts] , and any accident involves the mental and emotional state of the victim at the time of the accident or just prior to it ( state of alertness , for instance ) , as well as the occurrence itself .

With homoeopathy we aim to treat the intrinsic , inherited components of the disease causation — in other words , to improve the inner state of the individual .
with homoeopathy we aim to treat the intrinsic , inherited [parts] of the disease causation — in other words , to improve the inner state of the individual .

Basically , our diet supplies us with two things : energy to fuel ourselves , and the building blocks required to create and to replace worn out and lost components of our bodies .
basically , our diet supplies us with two things : energy to fuel ourselves , and the building blocks required to create and to replace worn out and lost [parts] of our bodies .

Other important ingredients which we require to keep us functioning are the vitamins , most of which are essential components of enzymes ( the enzyme co-factors ) , and minerals and trace metals , some of which are structural , such as calcium for bones and teeth , but many of which are vital components of enzyme systems or are essential for the maintenance of the electrical charges on cell membranes .
other important ingredients which we require to keep us functioning are the vitamins , most of which are essential [parts] of enzymes ( the enzyme co-factors ) , and minerals and trace metals , some of which are structural , such as calcium for bones and teeth , but many of which are vital [parts] of enzyme systems or are essential for the maintenance of the electrical charges on cell membranes .

All the biochemical reactions which take place in living cells take place in solution in water , or on cell organelles ( small cell components ) surrounded by water .
all the biochemical reactions which take place in living cells take place in solution in water , or on cell organelles ( small cell [parts] ) surrounded by water .

Firstly , it is inadvisable to take remedies consisting of mixtures as no homoeopathic provings have been done on mixtures and it is not known whether the effects of these are different from the effects of their individual components .
firstly , it is inadvisable to take remedies consisting of mixtures as no homoeopathic provings have been done on mixtures and it is not known whether the effects of these are different from the effects of their individual [parts] .

‘ It was done with such proficiency , with all the components working well … a counter-attack situation , driving play , back-up support , excellent passing , good body positions going into contact .
‘ it was done with such proficiency , with all the [parts] working well … a counter-attack situation , driving play , back-up support , excellent passing , good body positions going into contact .

In order to meet these requirements it is expected that the programme will include both theoretical and practical components .
in order to meet these requirements it is expected that the programme will include both theoretical and practical [parts] .

In principle , courses may be specially designed for ENs on a full or part-time basis , or ‘ comprise an individually designed range of approved learning activities , which might include day release , distance learning components , contract learning and planned modules from existing first level nurse courses ’ .
in principle , courses may be specially designed for ens on a full or part-time basis , or ‘ comprise an individually designed range of approved learning activities , which might include day release , distance learning [parts] , contract learning and planned modules from existing first level nurse courses ’ .

Mick has slashed his own earnings from the Autocap components business to just £9,000 a year .
mick has slashed his own earnings from the autocap [parts] business to just £9,000 a year .

He said : ‘ The letters we received do n't point to customer misuse but components failing prematurely . ’
he said : ‘ the letters we received do n't point to customer misuse but [parts] failing prematurely . ’

We may regard it as sharing with positivism the view that the significant features of a legal system ( that is , its aims and components ) can be adequately understood without reference to the political or economic realities in which the legal systems operates .
we may regard it as sharing with positivism the view that the significant features of a legal system ( that is , its aims and [parts] ) can be adequately understood without reference to the political or economic realities in which the legal systems operates .

At such time his own life seemed to him equally simple ; the components were there — they had been assembled .
at such time his own life seemed to him equally simple ; the [parts] were there — they had been assembled .

While The School Curriculum might have been seen as the government 's definitive statement on the structure of the national curriculum framework , it was superseded in September 1984 by The Organization and Content of the 5–16 Curriculum , although the wording of the latest document conveyed the impression that the final nature and scope of the national framework has not yet been determined . The structure of the curriculum proposed for the primary phase is similar to that set out in earlier documentation but includes the following additional components :
while the school curriculum might have been seen as the government 's definitive statement on the structure of the national curriculum framework , it was superseded in september 1984 by the organization and content of the 5–16 curriculum , although the wording of the latest document conveyed the impression that the final nature and scope of the national framework has not yet been determined . the structure of the curriculum proposed for the primary phase is similar to that set out in earlier documentation but includes the following additional [parts] :

They argue for an attainment profile in each subject , consisting of several components , one of which should have cross-curricular features .
they argue for an attainment profile in each subject , consisting of several [parts] , one of which should have cross-curricular features .

Within such studies there is a tendency also to concentrate on those ‘ academic ’ components of the curriculum which more easily lend themselves to didactic modes of exposition and question-and-answer teaching .
within such studies there is a tendency also to concentrate on those ‘ academic ’ [parts] of the curriculum which more easily lend themselves to didactic modes of exposition and question-and-answer teaching .

The Components of Change
the [parts] of change

The summary document or record which young people take with them when leaving school or college will need to include two main components :
the summary document or record which young people take with them when leaving school or college will need to include two main [parts] :

Such studies have recommended the development of multi-model interventions that incorporate individual , dyadic or group , and family components ( Dixen and Jenkins , 1981 ; Summit , 1985 ) .
such studies have recommended the development of multi-model interventions that incorporate individual , dyadic or group , and family [parts] ( dixen and jenkins , 1981 ; summit , 1985 ) .

Mead says that over the next several years it will move from a mainframe-centric architecture to a more flexible Unix environment , and Hewlett products are being incorporated as components of Mead Data 's internally developed Lexis and Nexis legal , business , financial and medical databases .
mead says that over the next several years it will move from a mainframe-centric architecture to a more flexible unix environment , and hewlett products are being incorporated as [parts] of mead data 's internally developed lexis and nexis legal , business , financial and medical databases .

Advance comprises five distinct components and a firm has the option either to mix and match certain elements or to use it as a complete package , thereby effectively outsourcing all of its software functions .
advance comprises five distinct [parts] and a firm has the option either to mix and match certain elements or to use it as a complete package , thereby effectively outsourcing all of its software functions .

The analysis did not allow for other components in the familial aggregation .
the analysis did not allow for other [parts] in the familial aggregation .

It also requires money to pay for transferring important components or sections of the aircraft structure to a place where they can be properly examined and possibly tested and for the different kinds of structural tests which have to be carried out on undamaged components .
it also requires money to pay for transferring important [parts] or sections of the aircraft structure to a place where they can be properly examined and possibly tested and for the different kinds of structural tests which have to be carried out on undamaged [parts] .

Some people suffer very real financial loss with the death of the family wage-earner or as a result of the failure of an aircraft or one of its major components .
some people suffer very real financial loss with the death of the family wage-earner or as a result of the failure of an aircraft or one of its major [parts] .

All items such as hydraulic valves , pumps , accumulators , electrical replays , solenoids , actuators and pneumatic components must be mutually consistent , or the reason for any discrepancy determined .
all items such as hydraulic valves , pumps , accumulators , electrical replays , solenoids , actuators and pneumatic [parts] must be mutually consistent , or the reason for any discrepancy determined .

It goes without saying that while all this is going on the engineering investigator will be on the look-out for any indication of a pre-crash failure or fracture of any part of the structure or aircraft components since , although the wreckage will inevitably include very many broken units and pieces of structure , any serious defect that was present before the aircraft struck the ground is likely to be significant , if not fundamental , to the cause of the accident .
it goes without saying that while all this is going on the engineering investigator will be on the look-out for any indication of a pre-crash failure or fracture of any part of the structure or aircraft [parts] since , although the wreckage will inevitably include very many broken units and pieces of structure , any serious defect that was present before the aircraft struck the ground is likely to be significant , if not fundamental , to the cause of the accident .

Then the engineering investigator will be concerned to trace the integrity of all the flying controls from the initial input in the cockpit to the final deflection of the control surface , with all the correct follow-up of intervening systems and components such as hydraulic and electrical servo systems , jacks , selectors and the operation in the correct sense of the appropriate servo-tabs , anti-balance tabs , balance panels , spring-tabs and everything else associated with the pilot 's ability to manoeuvre the aircraft .
then the engineering investigator will be concerned to trace the integrity of all the flying controls from the initial input in the cockpit to the final deflection of the control surface , with all the correct follow-up of intervening systems and [parts] such as hydraulic and electrical servo systems , jacks , selectors and the operation in the correct sense of the appropriate servo-tabs , anti-balance tabs , balance panels , spring-tabs and everything else associated with the pilot 's ability to manoeuvre the aircraft .

The near vertical impact had made a crater some 20 feet deep with fragments of the aircraft scattered within a radius of about 300 yards , but the major units of the horizontal tail surfaces were found several kilometres from the main wreckage area , clearly indicating in-flight separation of these components .
the near vertical impact had made a crater some 20 feet deep with fragments of the aircraft scattered within a radius of about 300 yards , but the major units of the horizontal tail surfaces were found several kilometres from the main wreckage area , clearly indicating in-flight separation of these [parts] .

Distributor and manufacturer of electronic components and equipment , Farnell Electronics Plc , has reaped the rewards of overseas expansion for its fiscal year to January 31 .
distributor and manufacturer of electronic [parts] and equipment , farnell electronics plc , has reaped the rewards of overseas expansion for its fiscal year to january 31 .

Ahead of its international user meeting and training conference in San Jose , California on April 27 , when the majority of System 10 components will be unveiled , Sybase Inc tomorrow unveils the first module in the latest release of its relational database management system products .
ahead of its international user meeting and training conference in san jose , california on april 27 , when the majority of system 10 [parts] will be unveiled , sybase inc tomorrow unveils the first module in the latest release of its relational database management system products .

The best annual turnover growth was achieved by Distribution at 2.7 % while Components declined 3.6 % and Peripherals sank 9.2 % .
the best annual turnover growth was achieved by distribution at 2.7 % while [parts] declined 3.6 % and peripherals sank 9.2 % .

After Application Hardware , Distribution had the best pre-tax margins of 5.0 % followed by Peripherals at 3.6 % and Components at 2.3 % .
after application hardware , distribution had the best pre-tax margins of 5.0 % followed by peripherals at 3.6 % and [parts] at 2.3 % .

Distribution had the highest price to earnings valuation of 20.1 followed by Components at 19.2 , Application Hardware at 18.8 and Peripherals at 7.3 .
distribution had the highest price to earnings valuation of 20.1 followed by [parts] at 19.2 , application hardware at 18.8 and peripherals at 7.3 .

The firm is also aiming to make available chunks of its technology for inclusion in other companies ' operating systems as the various components of its object environment are completed .
the firm is also aiming to make available chunks of its technology for inclusion in other companies ' operating systems as the various [parts] of its object environment are completed .

‘ We decided to call it System 10 because we wanted an order of magnitude improvement , ’ claims Stu Schuster , vice-president of marketing , speaking at last week 's announcement of the availability of seven components of the 11 System 10 database server family products ( more details of the tools components will come later in the year ) .
‘ we decided to call it system 10 because we wanted an order of magnitude improvement , ’ claims stu schuster , vice-president of marketing , speaking at last week 's announcement of the availability of seven [parts] of the 11 system 10 database server family products ( more details of the tools [parts] will come later in the year ) .

Communication Intelligence Corp , Redwood Shores , California has filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission to offer 3m shares , 2.7m of them new , to raise an indicated $ 10.75m , which the manufacturer of components for pen-based computers says it plans to use for working capital and its proposed joint venture in China .
communication intelligence corp , redwood shores , california has filed with the securities & exchange commission to offer 3m shares , 2.7m of them new , to raise an indicated $ 10.75m , which the manufacturer of [parts] for pen-based computers says it plans to use for working capital and its proposed joint venture in china .

In this seminar , we look at how a company can put together a cost effective security strategy , that takes into account the weaknesses of the various system components , including the users .
in this seminar , we look at how a company can put together a cost effective security strategy , that takes into account the weaknesses of the various system [parts] , including the users .

Why , even plastic components are coded , enabling the polymers to be broken down , so they can be used again .
why , even plastic [parts] are coded , enabling the polymers to be broken down , so they can be used again .

Economic to use , Seam-loc just snaps together without the need for separate sealing trims , powered sealing machines or specialised additional components .
economic to use , seam-loc just snaps together without the need for separate sealing trims , powered sealing machines or specialised additional [parts] .

Each of the system 's important components , ( video and processor ) are mounted on separate plug-in cards making upgrading and maintenance easier and more cost-effective .
each of the system 's important [parts] , ( video and processor ) are mounted on separate plug-in cards making upgrading and maintenance easier and more cost-effective .

Today , using our standard Components and techniques , we can work to your plans or our own designs , to produce the most attractive and economical structures .
today , using our standard [parts] and techniques , we can work to your plans or our own designs , to produce the most attractive and economical structures .

The plant manufactures finished components and external doors .
the plant manufactures finished [parts] and external doors .

Other main components of the Budget are :
other main [parts] of the budget are :

Study of these various components of psychoticism as found in normal people has not been confined to the superficial level of observable traits , measured by questionnaires .
study of these various [parts] of psychoticism as found in normal people has not been confined to the superficial level of observable traits , measured by questionnaires .

New colour and grey-tone images have resolved arcuate lineaments into separate south-east and east-south-east components , showing that the boundary of the Midlands Microcraton is more irregular than previously supposed .
new colour and grey-tone images have resolved arcuate lineaments into separate south-east and east-south-east [parts] , showing that the boundary of the midlands microcraton is more irregular than previously supposed .

Image processing techniques can be used to add the components together to form a composite image of the rock and to measure the proportions of the various minerals .
image processing techniques can be used to add the [parts] together to form a composite image of the rock and to measure the proportions of the various minerals .

The main area affected is general services , which arranges the transport of components within Dagenham and between other Ford factories .
the main area affected is general services , which arranges the transport of [parts] within dagenham and between other ford factories .

This means that we must acknowledge the powerful emotional expressive components even in interpersonal transactions of an apparently impersonal kind .
this means that we must acknowledge the powerful emotional expressive [parts] even in interpersonal transactions of an apparently impersonal kind .

The impression of the wood grain is often preserved on the metal components where they came into contact .
the impression of the wood grain is often preserved on the metal [parts] where they came into contact .

All these components are enclosed in an attractive , luxury box which is ideal for holding the work in progress .
all these [parts] are enclosed in an attractive , luxury box which is ideal for holding the work in progress .

‘ Origins of the Present Crisis ’ , published in New Left Review in 1964 , and ‘ Components of the National Culture ’ , four years later , were texts of their times that excited a generation which , at least in many of the social sciences and humanities , now commands the heights of the academic system even if their radicalism has been dulled by more recent discontents .
‘ origins of the present crisis ’ , published in new left review in 1964 , and ‘ [parts] of the national culture ’ , four years later , were texts of their times that excited a generation which , at least in many of the social sciences and humanities , now commands the heights of the academic system even if their radicalism has been dulled by more recent discontents .

In ‘ Components of the National Culture ’ he surveyed , remorselessly and depressingly , the reactionary influences that gripped English intellectual life .
in ‘ [parts] of the national culture ’ he surveyed , remorselessly and depressingly , the reactionary influences that gripped english intellectual life .

It provides a point of reference for those starting on the standard-setting road by identifying objectives for care bases on Henderson 's classification of the components of nursing .
it provides a point of reference for those starting on the standard-setting road by identifying objectives for care bases on henderson 's classification of the [parts] of nursing .

It is necessary to test for the integrity and the function of the constituent components of each tissue group .
it is necessary to test for the integrity and the function of the constituent [parts] of each tissue group .

They said of Dr Barnard that from fragments so minuscule as almost to deceive a magnifying glass he could reconstitute a bomb to the point of identifying the factory that made its components and the man who assembled it .
they said of dr barnard that from fragments so minuscule as almost to deceive a magnifying glass he could reconstitute a bomb to the point of identifying the factory that made its [parts] and the man who assembled it .

Stains on fabric and leather had yielded to chemical analysis to reveal the exact chemical components of the explosive ; the extent of burn- and impact-deterioration had shown him how much was used , where it had been placed and how it had been triggered .
stains on fabric and leather had yielded to chemical analysis to reveal the exact chemical [parts] of the explosive ; the extent of burn- and impact-deterioration had shown him how much was used , where it had been placed and how it had been triggered .

Indeed , tourism has been one of the crucial components in the west 's construction of the east , and a passage from Thomas Cook 's brochure for tours of Egypt and Palestine in 1925 encapsulates the Orientalist attitude : ‘ Native life and manners as seen from the steamer are as quaint a study as can well be imagined .
indeed , tourism has been one of the crucial [parts] in the west 's construction of the east , and a passage from thomas cook 's brochure for tours of egypt and palestine in 1925 encapsulates the orientalist attitude : ‘ native life and manners as seen from the steamer are as quaint a study as can well be imagined .

He set up a list of twelve components of skill , including such items as ‘ mental effort ’ , ‘ dexterity ’ , ‘ responsibility ’ , and ‘ decision making ’ , and a set of four broad levels of mechanisation .
he set up a list of twelve [parts] of skill , including such items as ‘ mental effort ’ , ‘ dexterity ’ , ‘ responsibility ’ , and ‘ decision making ’ , and a set of four broad levels of mechanisation .

In fact the Kalmar plant deals with only one stage of the production process , that of final assembly of the various components into the painted body .
in fact the kalmar plant deals with only one stage of the production process , that of final assembly of the various [parts] into the painted body .

Final assembly is the stage in the car production process when the welded steel car body , having already been painted , is brought together with the engine and transmission , and all the components and trim are attached to it to make up the completed car .
final assembly is the stage in the car production process when the welded steel car body , having already been painted , is brought together with the engine and transmission , and all the [parts] and trim are attached to it to make up the completed car .

As the car then goes down the line , past various work stations , all the components are fitted to the car in turn .
as the car then goes down the line , past various work stations , all the [parts] are fitted to the car in turn .

Icing conditions should be avoided , though , because the first components to suffer a build-up are the throttle-rods in the intake ducts ahead of the engines .
icing conditions should be avoided , though , because the first [parts] to suffer a build-up are the throttle-rods in the intake ducts ahead of the engines .

One of the few exceptions is a small factory , mainly employing women , which produces electronic components .
one of the few exceptions is a small factory , mainly employing women , which produces electronic [parts] .

So for our purpose we will refer to all the frame components collectively as spars , and define their applications by calling them as follows : spine , cross-spar , leading edge ( I.e ) , and stand-offs assuming that such terms will be self explanatory .
so for our purpose we will refer to all the frame [parts] collectively as spars , and define their applications by calling them as follows : spine , cross-spar , leading edge ( i.e ) , and stand-offs assuming that such terms will be self explanatory .

However , it is a far from simple manufacturing system and depends on the components , temperature , speed and the resin for ultimate quality .
however , it is a far from simple manufacturing system and depends on the [parts] , temperature , speed and the resin for ultimate quality .

The matchbox comes into action again , this time to melt the Spectra to the sleeve so that we have the two components fused as one , just as we described earlier .
the matchbox comes into action again , this time to melt the spectra to the sleeve so that we have the two [parts] fused as one , just as we described earlier .

As we age , these basal epidermal cells reproduce less quickly and efficiently , produce fewer essential components and do not hold water so well .
as we age , these basal epidermal cells reproduce less quickly and efficiently , produce fewer essential [parts] and do not hold water so well .

As well as being party to the future plans of its vendor clients — many of whom will be directly responsible for developing technology which will fuel these forces — Gartner has arrived at 1995 by using diffusion theory , which is a way of interpreting something , in this case open systems , by examining the natural movement of its components .
as well as being party to the future plans of its vendor clients — many of whom will be directly responsible for developing technology which will fuel these forces — gartner has arrived at 1995 by using diffusion theory , which is a way of interpreting something , in this case open systems , by examining the natural movement of its [parts] .

Fast components are a plus , but the most advanced servers feature an optimized hard disk sub-system , where each component complements the others .
fast [parts] are a plus , but the most advanced servers feature an optimized hard disk sub-system , where each component complements the others .

This diagnostics program includes a module which lets you test individual components or the entire machine .
this diagnostics program includes a module which lets you test individual [parts] or the entire machine .

Despite his programmatic emphasis in the Archaeology on the discursive formation as a means of making intelligible those knowledges that are formulated through their institutional components , Foucault turned away from this kind of historical enquiry because it was too ‘ clean , conceptually aseptic ’ — in other words , too apolitical . Foucault therefore abandons analysis of epistemes for the more Nietzschean ‘ genealogy ’ , which allows him to articulate conflict in terms of differentiated histories with their own conceptual specificities and their own times , while retaining the possibility of the formulation of aims and intentions :
despite his programmatic emphasis in the archaeology on the discursive formation as a means of making intelligible those knowledges that are formulated through their institutional [parts] , foucault turned away from this kind of historical enquiry because it was too ‘ clean , conceptually aseptic ’ — in other words , too apolitical . foucault therefore abandons analysis of epistemes for the more nietzschean ‘ genealogy ’ , which allows him to articulate conflict in terms of differentiated histories with their own conceptual specificities and their own times , while retaining the possibility of the formulation of aims and intentions :

Ahead of its international user meeting and training conference in San Jose , California , on the 27th of this month , when the majority of System 10 components will be debuted , Sybase Inc this Wednesday unveils the first module in the latest release of its relational database management system products .
ahead of its international user meeting and training conference in san jose , california , on the 27th of this month , when the majority of system 10 [parts] will be debuted , sybase inc this wednesday unveils the first module in the latest release of its relational database management system products .

Resources can essentially be divided into two components : primary and secondary .
resources can essentially be divided into two [parts] : primary and secondary .

These thumb-nail sketches show four components which contribute to the child 's ‘ success ’ in the educational system .
these thumb-nail sketches show four [parts] which contribute to the child 's ‘ success ’ in the educational system .

It uses experiments to measure its subjects ' behavioural components , and sets up psychologists as the neutral agents of these experiments .
it uses experiments to measure its subjects ' behavioural [parts] , and sets up psychologists as the neutral agents of these experiments .

Interdependence is interdependence of all components in a living working relationship .
interdependence is interdependence of all [parts] in a living working relationship .

Students are generally taught that soil consists of these five components , but actually , there are two more , the larger macroscopic animal life like earthworms , grubs , larvae and such creatures , and the living plants — but we need not get any more deeply involved .
students are generally taught that soil consists of these five [parts] , but actually , there are two more , the larger macroscopic animal life like earthworms , grubs , larvae and such creatures , and the living plants — but we need not get any more deeply involved .

Nevertheless , since evolution is a conservative process our brains are likely to contain some components in common with other mammals in so far as they contain features that were characteristic of the common ancestor .
nevertheless , since evolution is a conservative process our brains are likely to contain some [parts] in common with other mammals in so far as they contain features that were characteristic of the common ancestor .

To achieve this they need to be able first to specify the functions of individual components of the nervous system and related mechanisms in the body that have behavioural significance , such as the digestive system , and second to explain how these components , working together in an integrated system , give rise to human behaviour and human consciousness .
to achieve this they need to be able first to specify the functions of individual [parts] of the nervous system and related mechanisms in the body that have behavioural significance , such as the digestive system , and second to explain how these [parts] , working together in an integrated system , give rise to human behaviour and human consciousness .

In principle it should be possible to describe the functional organization of the brain simply by studying its anatomical organization and the functions of its individual components , the neurons .
in principle it should be possible to describe the functional organization of the brain simply by studying its anatomical organization and the functions of its individual [parts] , the neurons .

In practice that is a recipe for disaster since , without knowing what the brain and its components do , we will never know whether we have a good description of how they work .
in practice that is a recipe for disaster since , without knowing what the brain and its [parts] do , we will never know whether we have a good description of how they work .

Should we identify brain functions with components of psychological processes revealed in psychological studies or do we need a new set of concepts for describing brain function ?
should we identify brain functions with [parts] of psychological processes revealed in psychological studies or do we need a new set of concepts for describing brain function ?

Brains are not designed like electronic circuits , with easily identified separate components that can be taken out independently .
brains are not designed like electronic circuits , with easily identified separate [parts] that can be taken out independently .

Even if the brain were designed so that components could be easily removed , there is the issue of what we can conclude about the functions of its components from knowing the effects of removing one of them .
even if the brain were designed so that [parts] could be easily removed , there is the issue of what we can conclude about the functions of its [parts] from knowing the effects of removing one of them .

The first is knowledge of the remarkable consistency in the organization of the brain , at least within individual species , the second , the availability of histological techniques which enable them to specify where a lesion has been made , after the event , even if it is n't completely possible before , and third , access to new chemical techniques for selectively destroying some components of the brain while leaving others intact ( Kohler , Schwartz , and Fuxe 1979 ) .
the first is knowledge of the remarkable consistency in the organization of the brain , at least within individual species , the second , the availability of histological techniques which enable them to specify where a lesion has been made , after the event , even if it is n't completely possible before , and third , access to new chemical techniques for selectively destroying some [parts] of the brain while leaving others intact ( kohler , schwartz , and fuxe 1979 ) .

Interactively organized circuits are highly resistant to analysis by the elimination of single components so we can only really use the lesion method if we can convince ourselves that the brain is organized differently .
interactively organized circuits are highly resistant to analysis by the elimination of single [parts] so we can only really use the lesion method if we can convince ourselves that the brain is organized differently .

Interactively constructed devices are extremely sensitive to damage to their components .
interactively constructed devices are extremely sensitive to damage to their [parts] .

What emerges from this work is the complexity of the interactions between components of the system .
what emerges from this work is the complexity of the interactions between [parts] of the system .

That is to say , the effects of activating two components together have to be the sum of the effects of activating either in isolation .
that is to say , the effects of activating two [parts] together have to be the sum of the effects of activating either in isolation .

Presumably the area is not responsible for the whole of language , only a component of linguistic performance , but what do these components look like ?
presumably the area is not responsible for the whole of language , only a component of linguistic performance , but what do these [parts] look like ?

The first is to take visual systems apart , identify their components and characterize the way these components work .
the first is to take visual systems apart , identify their [parts] and characterize the way these [parts] work .

Strictly speaking , the Dual Monarchy of Austria-Hungary was a new state , yet most of its components were ancient and had long been ruled by the same family .
strictly speaking , the dual monarchy of austria-hungary was a new state , yet most of its [parts] were ancient and had long been ruled by the same family .

The outstanding example was the Habsburg monarchy , forever subordinating all the practical and sentimental realities of its components to the interests of the dynasty .
the outstanding example was the habsburg monarchy , forever subordinating all the practical and sentimental realities of its [parts] to the interests of the dynasty .

Electronics industry ( Electronic components )
electronics industry ( electronic [parts] )

Radio industry ( Electronic components )
radio industry ( electronic [parts] )

Commonly used components such as instruments , machine tools , rivets , nuts and bolts , instead of being produced efficiently by a single supplier are manufactured by all branches of defence industry ; missile electronics , for example , are produced by the Ministry of General Machine Building .
commonly used [parts] such as instruments , machine tools , rivets , nuts and bolts , instead of being produced efficiently by a single supplier are manufactured by all branches of defence industry ; missile electronics , for example , are produced by the ministry of general machine building .

This occurred despite the system being , from a Western perspective , singly ill-suited for its new air-defence role : inadequate in range , mobility , acceleration , and with engine components which were likely to melt when operated at full power .
this occurred despite the system being , from a western perspective , singly ill-suited for its new air-defence role : inadequate in range , mobility , acceleration , and with engine [parts] which were likely to melt when operated at full power .

New strings like this , in a highly salient context , could readily be understood as new messages , of a new level of complexity , by an audience who already grasped the components from their isolated usages in the past .
new strings like this , in a highly salient context , could readily be understood as new messages , of a new level of complexity , by an audience who already grasped the [parts] from their isolated usages in the past .

Rather than concerning itself with the way in which the properties of this structure emerge from its components , it takes the structure as given and asks how it reproduces itself and changes .
rather than concerning itself with the way in which the properties of this structure emerge from its [parts] , it takes the structure as given and asks how it reproduces itself and changes .

Because agents are seen merely as the supports of this structure , their intentional properties do not enter into social explanation ; and because its various components are interdetermined , the economic sphere does not have the straightforward primacy that economism requires .
because agents are seen merely as the supports of this structure , their intentional properties do not enter into social explanation ; and because its various [parts] are interdetermined , the economic sphere does not have the straightforward primacy that economism requires .

If we now consider the relations he posits between them we find ourselves facing a comparable problem ; although he posits numerous interconnec-tions between the components of social formations , he neither explains how he arrives at them nor describes them in any detail .
if we now consider the relations he posits between them we find ourselves facing a comparable problem ; although he posits numerous interconnec-tions between the [parts] of social formations , he neither explains how he arrives at them nor describes them in any detail .

The most obvious effect of plate tectonics is that continents can be split and their components driven apart if a divergent plate margin becomes established beneath them , and can be caused to collide with each other along the lines of subduction zones , where mountain belts such as the Himalayas may thereby be generated .
the most obvious effect of plate tectonics is that continents can be split and their [parts] driven apart if a divergent plate margin becomes established beneath them , and can be caused to collide with each other along the lines of subduction zones , where mountain belts such as the himalayas may thereby be generated .

Many of these properties form components of the epigenetic rules just cited ( Ehrman & Parsons , 1981 ) .
many of these properties form [parts] of the epigenetic rules just cited ( ehrman & parsons , 1981 ) .

She was on a balcony level of an arcade which must specialize in manufacturing small components , and was still doing so .
she was on a balcony level of an arcade which must specialize in manufacturing small [parts] , and was still doing so .

Engines are their trays of components are then brought together into the assembly area and a reversion of the tear-down process commences .
engines are their trays of [parts] are then brought together into the assembly area and a reversion of the tear-down process commences .

a broad-based curriculum ( similar to the sum of the individual curricula ) from which components are selected according to students ' needs
a broad-based curriculum ( similar to the sum of the individual curricula ) from which [parts] are selected according to students ' needs

For example , both systems have input , display , storage and processing components .
for example , both systems have input , display , storage and processing [parts] .

The panels laid out , showing the individual components . Side and bottom rails are fixed first , ensuring that the two bottom corners form true right angles
the panels laid out , showing the individual [parts] . side and bottom rails are fixed first , ensuring that the two bottom corners form true right angles

In the living room , wire all your hi-fi components into a multi-way adaptor which can then be plugged into a single socket outlet .
in the living room , wire all your hi-fi [parts] into a multi-way adaptor which can then be plugged into a single socket outlet .

Document preparation systems have structural components such as paragraphs , and hypertext systems have additional structural components concerned with linking .
document preparation systems have structural [parts] such as paragraphs , and hypertext systems have additional structural [parts] concerned with linking .

Such structural components are often called objects , and one approach is to combine them with the logical objects we have just described into one uniform mechanism .
such structural [parts] are often called objects , and one approach is to combine them with the logical objects we have just described into one uniform mechanism .

( More generally , the aim of most hypertext models is to separate out the components of hypertext into distinct layers , rather than having mechanisms that intermix content , structure and appearance . )
( more generally , the aim of most hypertext models is to separate out the [parts] of hypertext into distinct layers , rather than having mechanisms that intermix content , structure and appearance . )

Thus in Guide a context is a different animal from a button or a replacement , but nevertheless all structural components must be properly nested .
thus in guide a context is a different animal from a button or a replacement , but nevertheless all structural [parts] must be properly nested .

The key components of the professional 's role are :
the key [parts] of the professional 's role are :

Trainees should have at least a week to complete this but they can be helped with a list of the key components their responses should contain :
trainees should have at least a week to complete this but they can be helped with a list of the key [parts] their responses should contain :

Though Stark does not seem to share Scheler 's ambitious project completely , he is willing to import the essentialist and absolutist components of Scheler 's work , derived from their shared Catholicism ( Hamilton 1974 : 87 ) .
though stark does not seem to share scheler 's ambitious project completely , he is willing to import the essentialist and absolutist [parts] of scheler 's work , derived from their shared catholicism ( hamilton 1974 : 87 ) .

There is a tendency in Habermas 's theoretical framework to reduce communicative competence to ‘ norms ’ which threatens to preclude a critical account of the social production and reproduction of those norms which the critique of ideology traditionally proposes . Giddens comments that Habermas 's emphasis upon the normative components of interaction is ‘ surprisingly close ’ to Parson 's functionalism :
there is a tendency in habermas 's theoretical framework to reduce communicative competence to ‘ norms ’ which threatens to preclude a critical account of the social production and reproduction of those norms which the critique of ideology traditionally proposes . giddens comments that habermas 's emphasis upon the normative [parts] of interaction is ‘ surprisingly close ’ to parson 's functionalism :

Having gestured to a history for his theory Barthes proceeds to describe the structure of myth by borrowing from the Saussurean distinction between signifier and signified as analytical components of the sign .
having gestured to a history for his theory barthes proceeds to describe the structure of myth by borrowing from the saussurean distinction between signifier and signified as analytical [parts] of the sign .

When document components are classified and then recombined during document reuse , a semantic net may serve as the classification language .
when document [parts] are classified and then recombined during document reuse , a semantic net may serve as the classification language .

The form of the key is application-dependent : in our work , nine different components have been identified such as section , subsection and footnote .
the form of the key is application-dependent : in our work , nine different [parts] have been identified such as section , subsection and footnote .

For a given instance of a text , the values of some components are inapplicable .
for a given instance of a text , the values of some [parts] are inapplicable .

Such components have a value of zero : all other components have positive values , for example , section num would be assigned the value 6 in the heading of the sixth section of an act .
such [parts] have a value of zero : all other [parts] have positive values , for example , section num would be assigned the value 6 in the heading of the sixth section of an act .

As shown in the definition of text.id , a subset of the components of the generic key all.unit.id is required to address the main text .
as shown in the definition of text.id , a subset of the [parts] of the generic key all.unit.id is required to address the main text .

entering values for the identifiers of sub-objects of the symbolic key defined in Figure 2 finds the record with symbolic key with new values for the designated sub-objects and current values for other components .
entering values for the identifiers of sub-objects of the symbolic key defined in figure 2 finds the record with symbolic key with new values for the designated sub-objects and current values for other [parts] .

In our implementation , aggregation was achieved at run-time through masking out components of the primary key and assembling , using the Protocols language , the series of text objects meeting the criteria implied by the user 's current request .
in our implementation , aggregation was achieved at run-time through masking out [parts] of the primary key and assembling , using the protocols language , the series of text objects meeting the criteria implied by the user 's current request .

Does this mean the oppositions are also natural in the grammatical and semantic ( meaning-related ) components of a language ?
does this mean the oppositions are also natural in the grammatical and semantic ( meaning-related ) [parts] of a language ?

Along the ‘ inner ’ wall can be found a staggering array of models , components , uniforms and all sorts of artefacts charting the progress of aviation in a similar timeline to the airframes .
along the ‘ inner ’ wall can be found a staggering array of models , [parts] , uniforms and all sorts of artefacts charting the progress of aviation in a similar timeline to the airframes .

The Smithsonian Institute provided eight rolls of microfilm which contained nearly all the blueprints of the aircraft and its components .
the smithsonian institute provided eight rolls of microfilm which contained nearly all the blueprints of the aircraft and its [parts] .

Since the components to be recycled have already undergone many of the most energy intensive and polluting processes involved in textile manufacture , significant energy , water and chemical savings are made .
since the [parts] to be recycled have already undergone many of the most energy intensive and polluting processes involved in textile manufacture , significant energy , water and chemical savings are made .

‘ Although assembled at British Rail Engineering , many of the major components are made elsewhere , ’ says the article .
‘ although assembled at british rail engineering , many of the major [parts] are made elsewhere , ’ says the article .

The main reason for this is that large production runs are necessary in order to cover the massive fixed costs involved in developing new cars or major components ( eg engines and gearboxes ) .
the main reason for this is that large production runs are necessary in order to cover the massive fixed costs involved in developing new cars or major [parts] ( eg engines and gearboxes ) .

Not only would jobs be provided directly , but there would also be additional employment generated in the components industry and in ancillary services .
not only would jobs be provided directly , but there would also be additional employment generated in the [parts] industry and in ancillary services .

In the first two cases ( ( a and ( b ) ) there will be a beneficial effect on output , employment and balance of payments , whereas in the third case there will be no overall positive effect on any of those variables ; it may even result in a negative effect if Nissan 's components are ‘ less British ’ than those of other UK-based manufacturers .
in the first two cases ( ( a and ( b ) ) there will be a beneficial effect on output , employment and balance of payments , whereas in the third case there will be no overall positive effect on any of those variables ; it may even result in a negative effect if nissan 's [parts] are ‘ less british ’ than those of other uk-based manufacturers .

Some of these make your players speedier , others slow down your opponents but best of all , perhaps , are the coins which allow you to buy special kit components in the gym section before each game .
some of these make your players speedier , others slow down your opponents but best of all , perhaps , are the coins which allow you to buy special kit [parts] in the gym section before each game .

The links between the mind and health are not yet fully understood but there is sufficient evidence to suggest that physical illness is not a straightforward matter of bodily components breaking down or wearing out .
the links between the mind and health are not yet fully understood but there is sufficient evidence to suggest that physical illness is not a straightforward matter of bodily [parts] breaking down or wearing out .

They are all , however , designed to work by the same physiological principles , and on this basis they have common components .
they are all , however , designed to work by the same physiological principles , and on this basis they have common [parts] .

Most stars are members of double systems , where two stars orbit each other , and systems of three , four , five and even six stars are not uncommon ; for example , the star nearest to ours , Proxima Centauri , is the third member of a system whose other two components , orbiting closely together , are jointly called & alpha Centauri .
most stars are members of double systems , where two stars orbit each other , and systems of three , four , five and even six stars are not uncommon ; for example , the star nearest to ours , proxima centauri , is the third member of a system whose other two [parts] , orbiting closely together , are jointly called & alpha centauri .

Then scrupulously clean the glass as usual , and assemble all the components together in the frame .
then scrupulously clean the glass as usual , and assemble all the [parts] together in the frame .

The solid members needed only to take compression and since the principle danger in this condition was buckling , such components required to be as thick as possible for their weight and for this purpose bamboo or spruce was especially suitable .
the solid members needed only to take compression and since the principle danger in this condition was buckling , such [parts] required to be as thick as possible for their weight and for this purpose bamboo or spruce was especially suitable .

For rather than building sleek , new production models , they are interested only in giving the cars ' components a useful role for the future .
for rather than building sleek , new production models , they are interested only in giving the cars ' [parts] a useful role for the future .

The chassis is delivered ready panelled , and all the components that require precise location and installation , as well as the safety-related components , are factory-fitted before delivery .
the chassis is delivered ready panelled , and all the [parts] that require precise location and installation , as well as the safety-related [parts] , are factory-fitted before delivery .

Faithful representation and neutrality are essential components of reliability , considered by both the Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Committee to be key qualitative characteristics of financial statements .
faithful representation and neutrality are essential [parts] of reliability , considered by both the accounting standards board and the international accounting standards committee to be key qualitative characteristics of financial statements .

Although the symbolism of the serpent is universal , in no two countries does the relationship appear to possess such complimentary sociological , philosophical and metaphysical components .
although the symbolism of the serpent is universal , in no two countries does the relationship appear to possess such complimentary sociological , philosophical and metaphysical [parts] .

Two sensations — one past , one present — are thus bound together by the continuity of awareness between these two moments , and we recognise that the two components are inter-related and belong to the same class .
two sensations — one past , one present — are thus bound together by the continuity of awareness between these two moments , and we recognise that the two [parts] are inter-related and belong to the same class .

But Thomas Kuhn has argued that even the concepts and laws become intelligible in practice only as components of a disciplinary matrix which he calls the ‘ paradigm ’ , in which the scientist learns to apply them through concrete instances of problem-solving which serve as models in approaching new puzzles .
but thomas kuhn has argued that even the concepts and laws become intelligible in practice only as [parts] of a disciplinary matrix which he calls the ‘ paradigm ’ , in which the scientist learns to apply them through concrete instances of problem-solving which serve as models in approaching new puzzles .

Scientists then often speak of ‘ the scales falling from the eyes ’ or of the ‘ lightning flash ’ that ‘ inundates ’ a previously obscure puzzle , enabling its components to be seen in a new way that for the first time permits its solution .
scientists then often speak of ‘ the scales falling from the eyes ’ or of the ‘ lightning flash ’ that ‘ inundates ’ a previously obscure puzzle , enabling its [parts] to be seen in a new way that for the first time permits its solution .

The paper addressed at some length methods of accounting for convertible debt that seek to address the hybrid nature of such debt by accounting separately for its debt and equity components , although it did not propose that such methods be required .
the paper addressed at some length methods of accounting for convertible debt that seek to address the hybrid nature of such debt by accounting separately for its debt and equity [parts] , although it did not propose that such methods be required .

They pointed out that the information provided by such an analysis of the components of shareholders ' funds did not seem to be useful and was difficult to interpret .
they pointed out that the information provided by such an analysis of the [parts] of shareholders ' funds did not seem to be useful and was difficult to interpret .

On the other hand , if debt and warrants are issued simultaneously and the warrants can be cancelled or redeemed independently of the debt , the two components should be accounted for separately .
on the other hand , if debt and warrants are issued simultaneously and the warrants can be cancelled or redeemed independently of the debt , the two [parts] should be accounted for separately .

Therefore a mixture consisting of these two components or a mixture of unwashed coarse sand and clay is recommended .
therefore a mixture consisting of these two [parts] or a mixture of unwashed coarse sand and clay is recommended .

Mr Wilbraham , together with one of the Tace managers Don Hammond ( managing director , components ) , and James Carr ( now finance director ) stepped in and acquired them for a consideration of £4m .
mr wilbraham , together with one of the tace managers don hammond ( managing director , [parts] ) , and james carr ( now finance director ) stepped in and acquired them for a consideration of £4m .

Various components of tobacco smoke ( tar , benzene , benzopyrene , formaldehyde , hydrogen cyanide , and some 60 other known or suspected carcinogens ) act as cancer initiators .
various [parts] of tobacco smoke ( tar , benzene , benzopyrene , formaldehyde , hydrogen cyanide , and some 60 other known or suspected carcinogens ) act as cancer initiators .

Bowthorpe ( the electronic components and electrical equipment group ) includes in its half year statement to 30 June 1992 a report from auditors Ernst & Young .
bowthorpe ( the electronic [parts] and electrical equipment group ) includes in its half year statement to 30 june 1992 a report from auditors ernst & young .

They are the result of recall and not of the composition of components by the application of syntactic rules .
they are the result of recall and not of the composition of [parts] by the application of syntactic rules .

Intangibles included in the first two components may be capitalised as assets , provided that the company 's directors and auditors are satisfied that the amount at which they are capitalised is no greater than their recoverable amount .
intangibles included in the first two [parts] may be capitalised as assets , provided that the company 's directors and auditors are satisfied that the amount at which they are capitalised is no greater than their recoverable amount .

Then came the tricky bit — the consultants plotted the scores for the four components along the four arms of a St George 's cross .
then came the tricky bit — the consultants plotted the scores for the four [parts] along the four arms of a st george 's cross .

On smaller scales , , the shape of the fluctuation spectra is determined by the physics of the matter and radiation components of the Universe , introducing characteristic length scales into the power-law spectrum , which should be reflected in the distribution of galaxies today .
on smaller scales , , the shape of the fluctuation spectra is determined by the physics of the matter and radiation [parts] of the universe , introducing characteristic length scales into the power-law spectrum , which should be reflected in the distribution of galaxies today .

Elsewhere , such components are diluted by the larger volumes of magma generated at ridges and by rising plumes capable of ascending to shallower depths where the lithosphere is thin .
elsewhere , such [parts] are diluted by the larger volumes of magma generated at ridges and by rising plumes capable of ascending to shallower depths where the lithosphere is thin .

Rather , storage of fractionated components for tens of millions of years is required .
rather , storage of fractionated [parts] for tens of millions of years is required .

The observed correlations are perhaps most simply attributed to mixing between components with differing isotopic composition and elemental abundances .
the observed correlations are perhaps most simply attributed to mixing between [parts] with differing isotopic composition and elemental abundances .

Although our data set shows that such complexity is necessary , it can not differentiate between a variety of possibilities , nor constrain further the likely source components .
although our data set shows that such complexity is necessary , it can not differentiate between a variety of possibilities , nor constrain further the likely source [parts] .

We now show that there are also three transient components on timescales of 300 days , 20 days and 1 day ; of these , only the second has previously been reported .
we now show that there are also three transient [parts] on timescales of 300 days , 20 days and 1 day ; of these , only the second has previously been reported .

The amplitudes and time constants of these components of the glitch are given in Table 1 .
the amplitudes and time constants of these [parts] of the glitch are given in table 1 .

It is remarkable that simple exponentials provide good fits to all three time-varying components , indicating that three distinct physical processes , possibly in three distinct regions , occurred in the superfluid of the neutron star .
it is remarkable that simple exponentials provide good fits to all three time-varying [parts] , indicating that three distinct physical processes , possibly in three distinct regions , occurred in the superfluid of the neutron star .

The solar and greenhouse components of the radiative forcing for the four best-fit cases are shown in Fig .
the solar and greenhouse [parts] of the radiative forcing for the four best-fit cases are shown in fig .

Figure 2 shows the time variation of the flux densities and velocities at peak intensities for the strongest four redshifted components at .
figure 2 shows the time variation of the flux densities and velocities at peak intensities for the strongest four redshifted [parts] at .

The synchronized variations between the redshifted components in the flux and the peak velocity suggest that these maser components have a common pumping source and are distributed within 0.1pc each other .
the synchronized variations between the redshifted [parts] in the flux and the peak velocity suggest that these maser [parts] have a common pumping source and are distributed within 0.1pc each other .

Although nearly all of the proteins located in the mitochondria are encoded in the nuclear genome and imported from the cytosol , 13 polypeptide components of the multisubunit enzyme complexes of the electron-transport chain present in the inner mitochondrial membrane are encoded by the mitochondrial genome .
although nearly all of the proteins located in the mitochondria are encoded in the nuclear genome and imported from the cytosol , 13 polypeptide [parts] of the multisubunit enzyme complexes of the electron-transport chain present in the inner mitochondrial membrane are encoded by the mitochondrial genome .

Some define specific components of the population , whereas others indicate nutritional status .
some define specific [parts] of the population , whereas others indicate nutritional status .

1 is the rich diversity of the individual components within these signalling pathways .
1 is the rich diversity of the individual [parts] within these signalling pathways .

The brain is the richest source of the components of the phosphoinositide signalling pathway .
the brain is the richest source of the [parts] of the phosphoinositide signalling pathway .

Because fetal mesenchyme is likely to consist of a heterogeneous mixture of cells , we investigated the mesenchymal components required for the initial stages of thymopoiesis .
because fetal mesenchyme is likely to consist of a heterogeneous mixture of cells , we investigated the mesenchymal [parts] required for the initial stages of thymopoiesis .

The ‘ Korean ’ versions included visual but not phonological components of the experimental tasks , and therefore provided a baseline for comparison ( see Fig .
the ‘ korean ’ versions included visual but not phonological [parts] of the experimental tasks , and therefore provided a baseline for comparison ( see fig .

In the first experimental task a string of letters was remembered , engaging all components of the articulatory loop , including the phonological store .
in the first experimental task a string of letters was remembered , engaging all [parts] of the articulatory loop , including the phonological store .

The pulse profile appears to consist of a narrow central component flanked by lower-level outriding components .
the pulse profile appears to consist of a narrow central component flanked by lower-level outriding [parts] .

In addition , some studies used inbred lines of Drosophila , which are liable to give artefactual positive correlations between fitness components , and are therefore unsuitable for testing evolutionary theories of ageing .
in addition , some studies used inbred lines of drosophila , which are liable to give artefactual positive correlations between fitness [parts] , and are therefore unsuitable for testing evolutionary theories of ageing .

In ‘ package transactions ’ , trust banks each buy , say , 100,000 shares of the same 20 stocks — all of them key components of the Nikkei share average .
in ‘ package transactions ’ , trust banks each buy , say , 100,000 shares of the same 20 stocks — all of them key [parts] of the nikkei share average .

Congressman George Brown , chairman of the house committee on space , science and technology , insisted that the team look at ways to build the original space station more cheaply , using components already designed .
congressman george brown , chairman of the house committee on space , science and technology , insisted that the team look at ways to build the original space station more cheaply , using [parts] already designed .

Overall , as the 1974 Press Commission observed , newspapers stuck to the same basic ‘ components ’ , such as editorials , letters , sports and ‘ personalities ’ ( McQuail , 1977 , p. 3 1 ) .
overall , as the 1974 press commission observed , newspapers stuck to the same basic ‘ [parts] ’ , such as editorials , letters , sports and ‘ personalities ’ ( mcquail , 1977 , p. 3 1 ) .

Germany 's car makers are slashing costs , and components are their first target .
germany 's car makers are slashing costs , and [parts] are their first target .

Foreigners , which pay less for labour and in many cases make components of equal quality , are winning business away from German firms .
foreigners , which pay less for labour and in many cases make [parts] of equal quality , are winning business away from german firms .

Not only does municipal rubbish seem to be growing more slowly than many people imagine ; the components which appear to be increasing are not the ones that have attracted most attention .
not only does municipal rubbish seem to be growing more slowly than many people imagine ; the [parts] which appear to be increasing are not the ones that have attracted most attention .

And electronics companies are looking at ways to re-use components and recover materials from their products .
and electronics companies are looking at ways to re-use [parts] and recover materials from their products .

But that estimate has risen sharply because most rely on importing components , and the rouble has since halved in value .
but that estimate has risen sharply because most rely on importing [parts] , and the rouble has since halved in value .

Their unease has two distinct components .
their unease has two distinct [parts] .

Elsewhere , the principle of ‘ just-in-time ’ usually applies to the buying of components .
elsewhere , the principle of ‘ just-in-time ’ usually applies to the buying of [parts] .

Parts and components account for a growing share of Japan 's exports ; 28 % of total exports and 36 % of machinery exports in 1992 compared with 19 % and 28 % respectively in 1981 .
parts and [parts] account for a growing share of japan 's exports ; 28 % of total exports and 36 % of machinery exports in 1992 compared with 19 % and 28 % respectively in 1981 .

Moving slowly and cautiously so as not to rip any of the rubber components of their diving suits , they passed in file into a compartment not more than four feet in height but almost twenty feet in length , extending from the nose cone , under the flight deck and then several feet beyond .
moving slowly and cautiously so as not to rip any of the rubber [parts] of their diving suits , they passed in file into a compartment not more than four feet in height but almost twenty feet in length , extending from the nose cone , under the flight deck and then several feet beyond .

Due to its dismantling at Barry and other locations , several components had gone missing and these needed movement and others had to be manufactured from new .
due to its dismantling at barry and other locations , several [parts] had gone missing and these needed movement and others had to be manufactured from new .

Site-specific works deal with the environmental components of given places .
site-specific works deal with the environmental [parts] of given places .

Table 3.1 Main components of pensioners ' income ( % )
table 3.1 main [parts] of pensioners ' income ( % )

These had two components : the commitment to the Commonwealth , and the notion of a special Anglo-American relationship .
these had two [parts] : the commitment to the commonwealth , and the notion of a special anglo-american relationship .

Boxes of partially dismantled components , the incomplete rebuild of structures , the intermingling of two projects , the ‘ Americanisation ’ of the hardware , the lost parts .
boxes of partially dismantled [parts] , the incomplete rebuild of structures , the intermingling of two projects , the ‘ americanisation ’ of the hardware , the lost parts .

All components of the course are available from February 1989 .
all [parts] of the course are available from february 1989 .

The reading texts provide up-to-date information on computer components and processes .
the reading texts provide up-to-date information on computer [parts] and processes .

This makes it easy to work with the components of Streamline in an integrated way .
this makes it easy to work with the [parts] of streamline in an integrated way .

Used alone , the Student 's books and tapes are ideal for intensive courses but by adding other components Streamline may be used on extensive courses .
used alone , the student 's books and tapes are ideal for intensive courses but by adding other [parts] streamline may be used on extensive courses .

The following components are available for each level of the course :
the following [parts] are available for each level of the course :

Components at each level
[parts] at each level

Components at each level
[parts] at each level

There is something in the new package for everybody , and for every aspect of the exam . The components include
there is something in the new package for everybody , and for every aspect of the exam . the [parts] include

The components used were to be 1 litre of Siporax , plastic media ( Flocor ) and open cell foam .
the [parts] used were to be 1 litre of siporax , plastic media ( flocor ) and open cell foam .

They appear to be insensitive to semantic and iconic similarity but differ on decrement in performance with signs which are similar in their physical components ( i.e .
they appear to be insensitive to semantic and iconic similarity but differ on decrement in performance with signs which are similar in their physical [parts] ( i.e .

While it is comparatively easy to accept that in the primary years children have particular and specific qualities and that effective learning is most likely to take place in an environment which meets their intellectual , physical , social and emotional needs , it is much more difficult to define the components which make the learning environment effective .
while it is comparatively easy to accept that in the primary years children have particular and specific qualities and that effective learning is most likely to take place in an environment which meets their intellectual , physical , social and emotional needs , it is much more difficult to define the [parts] which make the learning environment effective .

There are other reasons such as commonality of components and , of course , shortage of imagination which lead to most design and development being a progressive iterative process .
there are other reasons such as commonality of [parts] and , of course , shortage of imagination which lead to most design and development being a progressive iterative process .

All systems are constructed from bought-in components which may themselves be complex enough to warrant a human factors evaluation .
all systems are constructed from bought-in [parts] which may themselves be complex enough to warrant a human factors evaluation .

For example , the assembly of a set of components will be carried out by an experienced operator without thinking about it .
for example , the assembly of a set of [parts] will be carried out by an experienced operator without thinking about it .

They normally take the form of a series of questions or statements which the operator uses to guide and structure his inspection of the hardware and other system components .
they normally take the form of a series of questions or statements which the operator uses to guide and structure his inspection of the hardware and other system [parts] .

Skill theory also emphasises the closely integrated nature of behaviour in real situations , it is not readily susceptible to analysis into discrete components .
skill theory also emphasises the closely integrated nature of behaviour in real situations , it is not readily susceptible to analysis into discrete [parts] .

Most components of education are highly valued and thought of as necessary to the overall development of the child .
most [parts] of education are highly valued and thought of as necessary to the overall development of the child .

As Shneidman makes it clear : ‘ While different components of the educational process aim at the development of different qualities and values , it is impossible to draw a clear distinction between them and to separate physical education from other segments of communist upbringing ’ ( 1979 , p.6 ) .
as shneidman makes it clear : ‘ while different [parts] of the educational process aim at the development of different qualities and values , it is impossible to draw a clear distinction between them and to separate physical education from other segments of communist upbringing ’ ( 1979 , p.6 ) .

People were encouraged to purchase furnishings , appliances , clothes , videos and entertainment systems and prepared food : this provided jobs in retailing , distribution and transport , and in assembly of imported components .
people were encouraged to purchase furnishings , appliances , clothes , videos and entertainment systems and prepared food : this provided jobs in retailing , distribution and transport , and in assembly of imported [parts] .

Most of the early studies on the causes of union growth related it primarily to the influence of the business cycle and its key components , including employment , industrial production and price changes .
most of the early studies on the causes of union growth related it primarily to the influence of the business cycle and its key [parts] , including employment , industrial production and price changes .

What enthusiastic amateurs often managed to do after the revolution was to disable their telephones by removing components which looked suspicious , but were innocent and vital to the functioning of the machine .
what enthusiastic amateurs often managed to do after the revolution was to disable their telephones by removing [parts] which looked suspicious , but were innocent and vital to the functioning of the machine .

the pupils ' performance in relation to attainment targets should be assessed and reported on at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 . Attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile components to make assessment and reporting manageable ;
the pupils ' performance in relation to attainment targets should be assessed and reported on at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 . attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile [parts] to make assessment and reporting manageable ;

When my Group first met in the summer of 1988 we soon decided to divide the English curriculum into three profile components :
when my group first met in the summer of 1988 we soon decided to divide the english curriculum into three profile [parts] :

We chose these three profile components because this division of the English curriculum would be familiar to English teachers and in accord with good practice .
we chose these three profile [parts] because this division of the english curriculum would be familiar to english teachers and in accord with good practice .

These are logical components of the model .
these are logical [parts] of the model .

Accordingly , the content we saw as essential to knowledge about language was incorporated in the three profile components , speaking and listening , reading , and writing , both in the statements of attainment and in the programmes of study .
accordingly , the content we saw as essential to knowledge about language was incorporated in the three profile [parts] , speaking and listening , reading , and writing , both in the statements of attainment and in the programmes of study .

However , our approach of presenting the subject matter within three profile components has the disadvantages that knowledge about language can appear fragmented and that teachers and pupils might not see the possibilities for coherent and cumulative work .
however , our approach of presenting the subject matter within three profile [parts] has the disadvantages that knowledge about language can appear fragmented and that teachers and pupils might not see the possibilities for coherent and cumulative work .

In the Cox Report we therefore set out our rationale for explicit knowledge about language in a separate section , and printed as part of it the statements of attainment about knowledge about language from the three profile components , bringing them together in order to show their coherence .
in the cox report we therefore set out our rationale for explicit knowledge about language in a separate section , and printed as part of it the statements of attainment about knowledge about language from the three profile [parts] , bringing them together in order to show their coherence .

This vital interaction of language and literature study relates to all three of our profile components .
this vital interaction of language and literature study relates to all three of our profile [parts] .

This is reflected in our recommendations for programmes of study in both the reading and the writing profile components .
this is reflected in our recommendations for programmes of study in both the reading and the writing profile [parts] .

Among these targets were small components whose size bore no relation to their great importance in the technology of war , and great installations considered indestructible by the air bombardment of those years .
among these targets were small [parts] whose size bore no relation to their great importance in the technology of war , and great installations considered indestructible by the air bombardment of those years .

Remove packing and check that you have all the components listed on the instruction sheet before you start any assembly work
remove packing and check that you have all the [parts] listed on the instruction sheet before you start any assembly work

5.1 All components of the Licensed Software and any derivatives , extensions or adaptations of the Licensed Software offered for sale in the Agreed Territories shall be published under the joint imprint of and of .
5.1 all [parts] of the licensed software and any derivatives , extensions or adaptations of the licensed software offered for sale in the agreed territories shall be published under the joint imprint of and of .

6.2 The Publisher shall be responsible for commissioning any artwork and obtaining stills shots from the video components of the Work for use in the preparation of the books components of the Work and the cost shall be borne by the Publisher .
6.2 the publisher shall be responsible for commissioning any artwork and obtaining stills shots from the video [parts] of the work for use in the preparation of the books [parts] of the work and the cost shall be borne by the publisher .

10.1 The Proprietor shall receive on publication six copies of all components of the Work and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to purchase at two-thirds of the United Kingdom published price any further copies of the Work required for the Proprietor 's personal use and not for resale .
10.1 the proprietor shall receive on publication six copies of all [parts] of the work and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to purchase at two-thirds of the united kingdom published price any further copies of the work required for the proprietor 's personal use and not for resale .

The Proprietor has the right to make copies of audio and video components of the Work for use within its institution for its own teaching programmes but such copies will neither be sold nor lent to third parties .
the proprietor has the right to make copies of audio and video [parts] of the work for use within its institution for its own teaching programmes but such copies will neither be sold nor lent to third parties .

However , the rights in all of the components of 's original work that was not provided to by , including but not limited to , curricular text , sound , graphics , screen design and layout incorporated in the Licensed Products remains with .
however , the rights in all of the [parts] of 's original work that was not provided to by , including but not limited to , curricular text , sound , graphics , screen design and layout incorporated in the licensed products remains with .

Others allege that the elite theorists justified direct action by the masses outside parliamentary or legal channels , and encouraged an irrational doctrine of total subordination to the leader , two prominent components of fascist ideology ( Mannheim , 1936 , p. 119 ) .
others allege that the elite theorists justified direct action by the masses outside parliamentary or legal channels , and encouraged an irrational doctrine of total subordination to the leader , two prominent [parts] of fascist ideology ( mannheim , 1936 , p. 119 ) .

However , they provide a basis for research , because they are ‘ not directly accessible to measurement ’ but their ‘ postulated components can be easily assessed if not immediately quantified ’ .
however , they provide a basis for research , because they are ‘ not directly accessible to measurement ’ but their ‘ postulated [parts] can be easily assessed if not immediately quantified ’ .

Here then we see how different social pursuits , areas of activity , and the distinction between men and women are woven together into a composite picture of the universe with a mystical connection between its components .
here then we see how different social pursuits , areas of activity , and the distinction between men and women are woven together into a composite picture of the universe with a mystical connection between its [parts] .

There are other sub-classes for graphical user interface components such as push buttons and scroll bars .
there are other sub-classes for graphical user interface [parts] such as push buttons and scroll bars .

For he distinguishes natural objects and properties — components of physical nature and the minds of organisms existing in it — from some present allegedly only in metaphysical realms postulated by certain philosophers .
for he distinguishes natural objects and properties — [parts] of physical nature and the minds of organisms existing in it — from some present allegedly only in metaphysical realms postulated by certain philosophers .

The value charge of such a word reflects the mores of the language users , and they may be unaware that it has two distinguishable components to its meaning .
the value charge of such a word reflects the mores of the language users , and they may be unaware that it has two distinguishable [parts] to its meaning .

For Butler , however , it would defy relations of relative authority , between our different psychological components , which are essential to our human nature .
for butler , however , it would defy relations of relative authority , between our different psychological [parts] , which are essential to our human nature .

Butler feels confident that , although self love , benevolence and conscience are distinct components of our nature , properly operative on different occasions , they would , when properly enlightened as to facts , give the same directives .
butler feels confident that , although self love , benevolence and conscience are distinct [parts] of our nature , properly operative on different occasions , they would , when properly enlightened as to facts , give the same directives .

But many caddies offer a great deal more and look upon themselves as vital components in the professional golfer 's armoury .
but many caddies offer a great deal more and look upon themselves as vital [parts] in the professional golfer 's armoury .

‘ Although we only assemble the clubs here the components are made by expert manufacturers in America , Japan and Taiwan .
‘ although we only assemble the clubs here the [parts] are made by expert manufacturers in america , japan and taiwan .

Reebok believes that it has taken a further innovative step by eliminating much of the superfluous components so that now , the tennis shoe will consist of an estimated 12 separate components .
reebok believes that it has taken a further innovative step by eliminating much of the superfluous [parts] so that now , the tennis shoe will consist of an estimated 12 separate [parts] .

As such , they comprise central components of the motivational context of Semai social relations — the behavioural environment within which choices are made and actions undertaken .
as such , they comprise central [parts] of the motivational context of semai social relations — the behavioural environment within which choices are made and actions undertaken .

The other side of this culturally defined autonomy is a sense of separateness , of isolation , that has both psychological and sociocultural components and consequences .
the other side of this culturally defined autonomy is a sense of separateness , of isolation , that has both psychological and sociocultural [parts] and consequences .

In sum , alongside group orientation and dependence , individualism and autonomy are significant components in the psycho-cultural dynamics of life in a Semai community and are given explicit cultural expression in notions such as pehunan and segat .
in sum , alongside group orientation and dependence , individualism and autonomy are significant [parts] in the psycho-cultural dynamics of life in a semai community and are given explicit cultural expression in notions such as pehunan and segat .

Among the Buid , an individual is made up of three components : a physical body ( abilugan ) , a soul or vital principle ( falad ) , and a mind ( fangayufan ) .
among the buid , an individual is made up of three [parts] : a physical body ( abilugan ) , a soul or vital principle ( falad ) , and a mind ( fangayufan ) .

In this sense , one of the components of the personality is regarded as being inherently ‘ aggressive ’ , except that in life it is normally held in check by the mind .
in this sense , one of the [parts] of the personality is regarded as being inherently ‘ aggressive ’ , except that in life it is normally held in check by the mind .

Ta'kwanya and ta'kwakomenae are the two components , or forces , of ta'kwaru , ‘ the life of thoughts ’ , both of which come from the crystal boxes of the gods .
ta'kwanya and ta'kwakomenae are the two [parts] , or forces , of ta'kwaru , ‘ the life of thoughts ’ , both of which come from the crystal boxes of the gods .

With their assistance , gears and warped carburettor components and portions of armour major and minor were assembling themselves into an enormous baroque weapon .
with their assistance , gears and warped carburettor [parts] and portions of armour major and minor were assembling themselves into an enormous baroque weapon .

In the event of an enquiry to identify the actual components of cost under an analysed heading , it may be essential to refer to the original documentation .
in the event of an enquiry to identify the actual [parts] of cost under an analysed heading , it may be essential to refer to the original documentation .

With a flourish he produced another motley collection of spinning components , this time cobbled together from the Chelonians ' technical stores .
with a flourish he produced another motley collection of spinning [parts] , this time cobbled together from the chelonians ' technical stores .

The decision to use Principal Components Analysis in Sydney was related to an awareness of the problems of defining speaker variables ( cf .
the decision to use principal [parts] analysis in sydney was related to an awareness of the problems of defining speaker variables ( cf .

The widespread availability of package programs for multivariate statistical techniques like factor , cluster and principal components analysis .
the widespread availability of package programs for multivariate statistical techniques like factor , cluster and principal [parts] analysis .

For example , Cloke ( 1977b ) used 13 census variables and three variables based on distance from an urban centre , in a principal components analysis , to produce the index of rurality for 1971 shown in Figure 5.5 .
for example , cloke ( 1977b ) used 13 census variables and three variables based on distance from an urban centre , in a principal [parts] analysis , to produce the index of rurality for 1971 shown in figure 5.5 .

At its most basic level then , accessibility ( Moseley , 1979 , 7 ) measures three components :
at its most basic level then , accessibility ( moseley , 1979 , 7 ) measures three [parts] :

In another multivariate approach Roome ( 1983 ) used principal components analysis to conclude that professional visitors to nature reserves were positively attracted by fragile species , but amateur visitors by the access provided , and in an interesting attempt to reconcile the different expectations of different types of visitor , Price ( 1979 ) used questionnaires to derive satisfaction curves representing a range of tastes .
in another multivariate approach roome ( 1983 ) used principal [parts] analysis to conclude that professional visitors to nature reserves were positively attracted by fragile species , but amateur visitors by the access provided , and in an interesting attempt to reconcile the different expectations of different types of visitor , price ( 1979 ) used questionnaires to derive satisfaction curves representing a range of tastes .

Thus the main multiples in the table are also themselves smaller components of parent organizations .
thus the main multiples in the table are also themselves smaller [parts] of parent organizations .

For example , population projections for England and Wales are made by aggregating separately the components of fertility , mortality and migration .
for example , population projections for england and wales are made by aggregating separately the [parts] of fertility , mortality and migration .

Instead , we concentrate upon some key components and examples , which serve to illustrate the issues and problems involved .
instead , we concentrate upon some key [parts] and examples , which serve to illustrate the issues and problems involved .

Table 9.1 The main components of Grant Related Expenditure for England and Wales , 1985/6
table 9.1 the main [parts] of grant related expenditure for england and wales , 1985/6

Thus the expenditure needs are built up from a whole series of estimates , referring to the many components of Local Government expenditure .
thus the expenditure needs are built up from a whole series of estimates , referring to the many [parts] of local government expenditure .

Demographic and social indicators are crucial components of most of these estimates .
demographic and social indicators are crucial [parts] of most of these estimates .

Table 9.2 Components of Grant Related Expenditure assessment , 1985/6 ( £ per head of population
table 9.2 [parts] of grant related expenditure assessment , 1985/6 ( £ per head of population

There are several criteria by which the specific quality of indicators should be judged , including timeliness , accuracy , reliability , consistency , specificity , and the choice and construction of the components involved .
there are several criteria by which the specific quality of indicators should be judged , including timeliness , accuracy , reliability , consistency , specificity , and the choice and construction of the [parts] involved .

Decisions of the latter kind , about whether to import components or obtain them locally , for instance , or about investment policy in a recession , or pay restraint , can have major implications for national economic performance .
decisions of the latter kind , about whether to import [parts] or obtain them locally , for instance , or about investment policy in a recession , or pay restraint , can have major implications for national economic performance .

An indexed sequential file generally has the following components .
an indexed sequential file generally has the following [parts] .

The characteristic cathedral sound stems largely from the employment-of boys ' voices , and one of the most important components in the English cathedral tradition remains the choir school .
the characteristic cathedral sound stems largely from the employment-of boys ' voices , and one of the most important [parts] in the english cathedral tradition remains the choir school .

The most obvious questions have to do with the elements or components of the curriculum : the things that go to make it up ( see Figure 1.1 ) .
the most obvious questions have to do with the elements or [parts] of the curriculum : the things that go to make it up ( see figure 1.1 ) .

There is not room here to discuss these various components , functions and contingencies in any detail , but the model presented in Figure 1.1 should at least suggest some of the ways in which the concept of the curriculum goes beyond mere ‘ syllabus ’ or ‘ content ’ .
there is not room here to discuss these various [parts] , functions and contingencies in any detail , but the model presented in figure 1.1 should at least suggest some of the ways in which the concept of the curriculum goes beyond mere ‘ syllabus ’ or ‘ content ’ .

This is especially true of some of the problem oriented components of Business Management courses .
this is especially true of some of the problem oriented [parts] of business management courses .

Like other multinational electronics companies , Digital was under political and commercial pressure to increase ‘ local sourcing ’ of components .
like other multinational electronics companies , digital was under political and commercial pressure to increase ‘ local sourcing ’ of [parts] .

It developed from the 1920s onwards , particularly for mass consumer goods produced in large production runs , although it spread to the ‘ production of standardized intermediate components for the manufacture of these means of consumption ’ ( Aglietta , 1979 : 117 ) .
it developed from the 1920s onwards , particularly for mass consumer goods produced in large production runs , although it spread to the ‘ production of standardized intermediate [parts] for the manufacture of these means of consumption ’ ( aglietta , 1979 : 117 ) .

What the components of a postmodernist organization might be emerge best in contrast to some familiar features of modernist organization .
what the [parts] of a postmodernist organization might be emerge best in contrast to some familiar features of modernist organization .

Finally , technical inputs of equipment and components , as well as the maintenance of markets , will depend upon insertion into a diversified manufacturing sector in which public policy plays a coherent role in establishing and maintaining linkages .
finally , technical inputs of equipment and [parts] , as well as the maintenance of markets , will depend upon insertion into a diversified manufacturing sector in which public policy plays a coherent role in establishing and maintaining linkages .

Holding very little in the way of stocks and inventory and relying on components suppliers to supply these ‘ just in time ’ for use in production could not operate where supply was liable to frequent bottlenecks , disrup-tion or downright ‘ guileful ’ dispositions to milk positions of strategic contingency for what they are worth .
holding very little in the way of stocks and inventory and relying on [parts] suppliers to supply these ‘ just in time ’ for use in production could not operate where supply was liable to frequent bottlenecks , disrup-tion or downright ‘ guileful ’ dispositions to milk positions of strategic contingency for what they are worth .

decline of industries manufacturing motor vehicles , vehicle components , other engineering , steel and others . Mass unemployment
decline of industries manufacturing motor vehicles , vehicle [parts] , other engineering , steel and others . mass unemployment

Anthony and Young ( 1984 , p. 10 ) suggest that there are four principal components to a formal management process : programming ; budget formulation ; operating ( and measurement ) ; and reporting and evaluation .
anthony and young ( 1984 , p. 10 ) suggest that there are four principal [parts] to a formal management process : programming ; budget formulation ; operating ( and measurement ) ; and reporting and evaluation .

The final two components in ' any system of formal management control involve measuring the resources consumed and reporting thereon to management so that they can investigate adverse variances and initiate corrective action .
the final two [parts] in ' any system of formal management control involve measuring the resources consumed and reporting thereon to management so that they can investigate adverse variances and initiate corrective action .

The overall cost of capital for a firm is the weighted average cost of these two sources of finance and is calculated as follows : The cost of each source of funds is a function of three components :
the overall cost of capital for a firm is the weighted average cost of these two sources of finance and is calculated as follows : the cost of each source of funds is a function of three [parts] :

Cm.918 , Financial Reporting to Parliament , which was published in January 1990 , outlines those components which must have a standard format and/or location within the report ( see below ) .
cm.918 , financial reporting to parliament , which was published in january 1990 , outlines those [parts] which must have a standard format and/or location within the report ( see below ) .

The remaining material in Volume 1 — the so-called ‘ additional analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the English , Scottish and Welsh components should take more time to produce and be made available in alternative ways , as technical releases , in the spring .
the remaining material in volume 1 — the so-called ‘ additional analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the english , scottish and welsh [parts] should take more time to produce and be made available in alternative ways , as technical releases , in the spring .

It is government 's intention that departmental reports need not follow a standardized format , or ‘ housestyle ’ , but that they must include certain common core components . The reports should therefore incorporate the following components ( based on Cm.91 8 ) :
it is government 's intention that departmental reports need not follow a standardized format , or ‘ housestyle ’ , but that they must include certain common core [parts] . the reports should therefore incorporate the following [parts] ( based on cm.91 8 ) :

Components which must have a standard format and/or location within each report
[parts] which must have a standard format and/or location within each report

Those family systems that possess high potential for cultural development have as one of their necessary components a certain authoritarianism within the parent-child relationship which — on the ideological plane-rules out their close adherence to liberal values .
those family systems that possess high potential for cultural development have as one of their necessary [parts] a certain authoritarianism within the parent-child relationship which — on the ideological plane-rules out their close adherence to liberal values .

Urry sets out his model of a capitalist social formation in a diagram ( figure 3.8 ) which shows three interacting components : a sphere of capitalist production ; a state ; and a sphere of struggle ( civil society ) , which comprises the linked spheres of circulation and reproduction .
urry sets out his model of a capitalist social formation in a diagram ( figure 3.8 ) which shows three interacting [parts] : a sphere of capitalist production ; a state ; and a sphere of struggle ( civil society ) , which comprises the linked spheres of circulation and reproduction .

The state is linked to all three components , through a set of institutions which : regulates the sphere of circulation , in order to ensure continued accumulation of surplus value in the sphere of production , but in doing so may promote the interests of certain intra-class groups over others ; oversees the processes of economic , biological and cultural reproduction ; and acts as the arena within which the popular democratic forces struggle over the other two .
the state is linked to all three [parts] , through a set of institutions which : regulates the sphere of circulation , in order to ensure continued accumulation of surplus value in the sphere of production , but in doing so may promote the interests of certain intra-class groups over others ; oversees the processes of economic , biological and cultural reproduction ; and acts as the arena within which the popular democratic forces struggle over the other two .

To some extent , the relative importance of the three components of a place identified here as contributors to an understanding of the strike in the Dukeries is secondary to our main purpose .
to some extent , the relative importance of the three [parts] of a place identified here as contributors to an understanding of the strike in the dukeries is secondary to our main purpose .

The Dukeries field was ( and still is in many respects ) different from many others on all three of the components of a place , as illustrated not only by Sunley 's arguments ( following Krieger and others ) regarding the different social relations at the workplace , but also Waller 's ( 1983 , p. 235 ) that whereas the Dukeries villages were praised for many of their design aspects , ‘ the social and political institutions of the miners in the new South Yorkshire villages left much to be desired compared with traditional and long-established coalfields ’ .
the dukeries field was ( and still is in many respects ) different from many others on all three of the [parts] of a place , as illustrated not only by sunley 's arguments ( following krieger and others ) regarding the different social relations at the workplace , but also waller 's ( 1983 , p. 235 ) that whereas the dukeries villages were praised for many of their design aspects , ‘ the social and political institutions of the miners in the new south yorkshire villages left much to be desired compared with traditional and long-established coalfields ’ .

To resolve that paradox , it is argued here , requires the same type of analysis of the components of a place as illustrated in the previous chapter .
to resolve that paradox , it is argued here , requires the same type of analysis of the [parts] of a place as illustrated in the previous chapter .

These constituencies are broader and more diffuse than mere pressure groups , though such groups may comprise their most visible and vocal components .
these constituencies are broader and more diffuse than mere pressure groups , though such groups may comprise their most visible and vocal [parts] .

The answer to this has two interrelated components .
the answer to this has two interrelated [parts] .

Secondly , because of the integration between different components of the social system of the school , an innovation introduced by a single teacher will often have repercussions in other parts of the system — perhaps because there is a need for additional resources , or for more time , or because it is predicted [ sic ] upon new pupil roles , or involves a greater degree of integration .
secondly , because of the integration between different [parts] of the social system of the school , an innovation introduced by a single teacher will often have repercussions in other parts of the system — perhaps because there is a need for additional resources , or for more time , or because it is predicted [ sic ] upon new pupil roles , or involves a greater degree of integration .

The potentially unifying effects of their different but complementary experiences of racism are dismissed , while the inclusive and openly politicized definitions of ‘ race ’ which were a notable feature of the late seventies have been fragmented into their ethnic components , first into Afro-Caribbean and Asian and then into Pakistani , Bangladeshi , Bajan , Jamaican and Guyanese in a spiral .
the potentially unifying effects of their different but complementary experiences of racism are dismissed , while the inclusive and openly politicized definitions of ‘ race ’ which were a notable feature of the late seventies have been fragmented into their ethnic [parts] , first into afro-caribbean and asian and then into pakistani , bangladeshi , bajan , jamaican and guyanese in a spiral .

If a number of similar tools are required then the blacksmith must draw out , if only roughly , the form of the components in order that materials can be purchased and costed .
if a number of similar tools are required then the blacksmith must draw out , if only roughly , the form of the [parts] in order that materials can be purchased and costed .

If some components have to be physically larger than the space provided or require other `` upstream `` or `` downstream `` components to be modified as well , then the consequences of pursuing such a concept must be similarly recognized at an early stage .
if some [parts] have to be physically larger than the space provided or require other `` upstream `` or `` downstream `` [parts] to be modified as well , then the consequences of pursuing such a concept must be similarly recognized at an early stage .

If there is no intersection then the contained components can not clash and hence there is no problem .
if there is no intersection then the contained [parts] can not clash and hence there is no problem .

He may not be authorized to make changes to other components ; these may be owned by other design teams or may have become `` fixed once production has commenced .
he may not be authorized to make changes to other [parts] ; these may be owned by other design teams or may have become `` fixed once production has commenced .

If all components of an assembly are inserted into the reference space declared for that assembly , a geometric domain of higher order is automatically generated .
if all [parts] of an assembly are inserted into the reference space declared for that assembly , a geometric domain of higher order is automatically generated .

On the other hand , if two components are to relate in some way to provide a desired function , it must take place in an intersection zone ( which includes touching areas — zones of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .
on the other hand , if two [parts] are to relate in some way to provide a desired function , it must take place in an intersection zone ( which includes touching areas — zones of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .

The geometric assembly of components to produce an identifiable unit , such as a gearbox , is thus recorded in a hierarchical file having a structure similar to a bill-of-materials listing ( see Figure 2.25 ) .
the geometric assembly of [parts] to produce an identifiable unit , such as a gearbox , is thus recorded in a hierarchical file having a structure similar to a bill-of-materials listing ( see figure 2.25 ) .

This file maintains , in addition to the normal component information , a description of the spaces occupied by the individual components .
this file maintains , in addition to the normal component information , a description of the spaces occupied by the individual [parts] .

The functionality of the components , whilst existing within the geometric intersection , is declared as an attribute which exists in each of the sets describing the mating ( or associating ) parts .
the functionality of the [parts] , whilst existing within the geometric intersection , is declared as an attribute which exists in each of the sets describing the mating ( or associating ) parts .

For instance , a reference space check may indicate two components as clashing , whilst in a local space , again containing both , it may be possible simply to show their separation ( see Figure 2.27 ) .
for instance , a reference space check may indicate two [parts] as clashing , whilst in a local space , again containing both , it may be possible simply to show their separation ( see figure 2.27 ) .

Non-assembly of components , once discovered , can be corrected by re-positioning either the components or changing the relationships between these parts .
non-assembly of [parts] , once discovered , can be corrected by re-positioning either the [parts] or changing the relationships between these parts .

The electrical circuit operates because of the correct connection of the components .
the electrical circuit operates because of the correct connection of the [parts] .

This type of function can be applied to a wide range of activities , from the selection of standard or stocked components , through to performing fatigue/life calculations .
this type of function can be applied to a wide range of activities , from the selection of standard or stocked [parts] , through to performing fatigue/life calculations .

The developed item itself is later reflected back into that assembly in order to check its relationship to all other components and also to allow the designer to ascertain whether the overall function of the assembly has been successfully provided .
the developed item itself is later reflected back into that assembly in order to check its relationship to all other [parts] and also to allow the designer to ascertain whether the overall function of the assembly has been successfully provided .

The proposed design procedure turns the geometric domains of the individual components into logical spaces by the over-mapping of the functional domains .
the proposed design procedure turns the geometric domains of the individual [parts] into logical spaces by the over-mapping of the functional domains .

The designer must therefore learn the techniques of handling space , rather than just drawing components by two-dimensional representations .
the designer must therefore learn the techniques of handling space , rather than just drawing [parts] by two-dimensional representations .

The first group can handle the majority of regular shapes found in normal engineering components and structures .
the first group can handle the majority of regular shapes found in normal engineering [parts] and structures .

If additional data about the components is to be stored , such as the supply source , then an additional level must be included by providing a `` source `` file for each part ( see Figure 5.3 ) .
if additional data about the [parts] is to be stored , such as the supply source , then an additional level must be included by providing a `` source `` file for each part ( see figure 5.3 ) .

In the assembly example shown ( see Figure 5.5 ) there are six tuples connecting the attributes of sub-assembly and components , and again six between components and sources .
in the assembly example shown ( see figure 5.5 ) there are six tuples connecting the attributes of sub-assembly and [parts] , and again six between [parts] and sources .

Individual components are held on global `` where used `` files providing a linked network of information .
individual [parts] are held on global `` where used `` files providing a linked network of information .

The ability to re-position the individual components within the machine space can be used to advantage in any kinematic analysis .
the ability to re-position the individual [parts] within the machine space can be used to advantage in any kinematic analysis .

The where used look-up file provides the cross-reference between separate product trees that share common components .
the where used look-up file provides the cross-reference between separate product trees that share common [parts] .

The ability to locate existing parts easily reduces the variety of components and leads to standardization .
the ability to locate existing parts easily reduces the variety of [parts] and leads to standardization .

Such techniques are difficult to apply to real engineering components and must , considering the large number of complex geometric calculations involved , be expensive and time consuming .
such techniques are difficult to apply to real engineering [parts] and must , considering the large number of complex geometric calculations involved , be expensive and time consuming .

In addition to the part number , quantity and description/classification details , the data base also stores the component 's positioned space , size and its functional relationship to other components .
in addition to the part number , quantity and description/classification details , the data base also stores the component 's positioned space , size and its functional relationship to other [parts] .

Figure 6.27 shows a simple double sheaved pulley block made from 11 different components .
figure 6.27 shows a simple double sheaved pulley block made from 11 different [parts] .

One of the most common problems encountered is simply deciding if two components in a machine clash .
one of the most common problems encountered is simply deciding if two [parts] in a machine clash .

These methods of categorizing components and assemblies thus enable production facilities to be used more efficiently , purchasing requirements to be known more accurately and the conforming of piece-parts and assemblies to functional constraints to be maintained .
these methods of categorizing [parts] and assemblies thus enable production facilities to be used more efficiently , purchasing requirements to be known more accurately and the conforming of piece-parts and assemblies to functional constraints to be maintained .

Flanges in contact one with another , bolts aligning with holes , and interference between force-fit components , can all be handled by such a process .
flanges in contact one with another , bolts aligning with holes , and interference between force-fit [parts] , can all be handled by such a process .

Whilst the specified motion of a point can be obtained on the drawing board , the successful working of the mechanism train as a whole will also depend on the geometric shapes of individual linkages and surrounding components ; components can not be allowed to clash or be made to disassemble and re-assemble to pass through points of impossible geometry .
whilst the specified motion of a point can be obtained on the drawing board , the successful working of the mechanism train as a whole will also depend on the geometric shapes of individual linkages and surrounding [parts] ; [parts] can not be allowed to clash or be made to disassemble and re-assemble to pass through points of impossible geometry .

The result of such an association is the creation of intersection spaces between the local spaces of functioning components .
the result of such an association is the creation of intersection spaces between the local spaces of functioning [parts] .

Thus , within the geometric domain of the assembly it is possible to recognize immediately those components which do not have a functional relationship due to their spatial remoteness .
thus , within the geometric domain of the assembly it is possible to recognize immediately those [parts] which do not have a functional relationship due to their spatial remoteness .

Thus , if the two components are links pinned together it is easy to see that the `` pin points `` declared on each model should be coincident , and this will occur within the space of intersection ( whether described in terms of reference or local space parameters ) .
thus , if the two [parts] are links pinned together it is easy to see that the `` pin points `` declared on each model should be coincident , and this will occur within the space of intersection ( whether described in terms of reference or local space parameters ) .

Two possible approaches to the assembly of the components into mechanism trains have been investigated .
two possible approaches to the assembly of the [parts] into mechanism trains have been investigated .

The second was to allow any component to be inserted into any other space , including that of other components , and the attachments specified ( see Figure 7.3 ) .
the second was to allow any component to be inserted into any other space , including that of other [parts] , and the attachments specified ( see figure 7.3 ) .

Using this method , the `` association `` of components is first generated in terms of kinematic points and their positions within the frame space are then automatically accomplished .
using this method , the `` association `` of [parts] is first generated in terms of kinematic points and their positions within the frame space are then automatically accomplished .

Slop , arising from the assembly of components in their minimum metal condition or due to an estimated wear pattern , can be included to produce positional uncertainty in the mechanism , which can then be compared to the positional requirements necessary for correct operation .
slop , arising from the assembly of [parts] in their minimum metal condition or due to an estimated wear pattern , can be included to produce positional uncertainty in the mechanism , which can then be compared to the positional requirements necessary for correct operation .

During assembly , components are first `` hooked `` to the last known element in the train and then rotated .
during assembly , [parts] are first `` hooked `` to the last known element in the train and then rotated .

Also , if the components are all drawn in their normal working attitude in the machine space , additional rotations will not be necessary .
also , if the [parts] are all drawn in their normal working attitude in the machine space , additional rotations will not be necessary .

Components can and have been handled where the drawing reference and attitude bear no relationship to the kinematic motion .
[parts] can and have been handled where the drawing reference and attitude bear no relationship to the kinematic motion .

As it is necessary during the assembly of certain components ( such as links ) to rotate them about their assembly points so they can mate with other constrained linkages , the original component drawing should also carry suitable construction arcs struck from the assembly point and passing through the linkage pin point .
as it is necessary during the assembly of certain [parts] ( such as links ) to rotate them about their assembly points so they can mate with other constrained linkages , the original component drawing should also carry suitable construction arcs struck from the assembly point and passing through the linkage pin point .

Ultimately , all the components can be assembled on various `` framing `` layers in the drawing space .
ultimately , all the [parts] can be assembled on various `` framing `` layers in the drawing space .

In kinematics the coupling of components is usually described in terms of Reuleaux pairs which attempt to describe the allowable motions between parts .
in kinematics the coupling of [parts] is usually described in terms of reuleaux pairs which attempt to describe the allowable motions between parts .

With the secondary grounded model the procedure is initially set to translate all components into association so as to re-establish the integrity of the system .
with the secondary grounded model the procedure is initially set to translate all [parts] into association so as to re-establish the integrity of the system .

The frog has several types of retinal nerve cells , each sensitive to different components of the picture .
the frog has several types of retinal nerve cells , each sensitive to different [parts] of the picture .

The above form is probably best suited for deriving the components of the electric field .
the above form is probably best suited for deriving the [parts] of the electric field .

Noting that we get for the components of the magnetic field .
noting that we get for the [parts] of the magnetic field .

Can you remember seeing these self-same components somewhere before ?
can you remember seeing these self-same [parts] somewhere before ?

Lease payments are analysed between their capital and interest components using the actuarial method .
lease payments are analysed between their capital and interest [parts] using the actuarial method .

the major components of the net balance
the major [parts] of the net balance

the amount of unprovided deferred tax analysed between its major components
the amount of unprovided deferred tax analysed between its major [parts]

increase or decrease in working capital sub-divided into its components , and movements in net liquid funds .
increase or decrease in working capital sub-divided into its [parts] , and movements in net liquid funds .

the major components of the net balance
the major [parts] of the net balance

the amount of any unprovided deferred tax analysed between its major components
the amount of any unprovided deferred tax analysed between its major [parts]

Fibre is the indigestible component of our diet , almost always derived from vegetable produce , and it is those components of the diet that can not be broken down by the digestive system which in turn pass into the large bowel and contribute to the bulk of faecal waste matter .
fibre is the indigestible component of our diet , almost always derived from vegetable produce , and it is those [parts] of the diet that can not be broken down by the digestive system which in turn pass into the large bowel and contribute to the bulk of faecal waste matter .

They also encourage you to explore and rearrange the different components of an event to develop your understanding .
they also encourage you to explore and rearrange the different [parts] of an event to develop your understanding .

New ways of working will take taxonomy into the fast lane , providing information on species , the components of biodiversity .
new ways of working will take taxonomy into the fast lane , providing information on species , the [parts] of biodiversity .

For all its success , molecular biology is still preoccupied with enumeration — the enumeration of the molecular components of cells and of the distinctive organisms to which they belong .
for all its success , molecular biology is still preoccupied with enumeration — the enumeration of the molecular [parts] of cells and of the distinctive organisms to which they belong .

These studies defined a pathway that is at the heart of growth control in higher eukaryotic organisms , one which is so highly conserved that its components are functionally interchangeable between mammals , flies and worms .
these studies defined a pathway that is at the heart of growth control in higher eukaryotic organisms , one which is so highly conserved that its [parts] are functionally interchangeable between mammals , flies and worms .

Within any one cell of an organism , it is likely that components of the pathway are used to detect multiple signals , Ras acting as a kind of turnstile through which the signals must pass .
within any one cell of an organism , it is likely that [parts] of the pathway are used to detect multiple signals , ras acting as a kind of turnstile through which the signals must pass .

Refraction at c and c ' will again be determined by the law of refraction , so that an observer viewing the raindrop will see the red and blue components of the white light separated ( and also all the other colours of the spectrum ) .
refraction at c and c ' will again be determined by the law of refraction , so that an observer viewing the raindrop will see the red and blue [parts] of the white light separated ( and also all the other colours of the spectrum ) .

With this résumé as a foretaste , let us proceed to look at the various components of Kuhn 's scheme in more detail .
with this résumé as a foretaste , let us proceed to look at the various [parts] of kuhn 's scheme in more detail .

Nevertheless , it is possible to describe some of the typical components that go to make up a paradigm .
nevertheless , it is possible to describe some of the typical [parts] that go to make up a paradigm .

Among the components will be explicitly stated laws and theoretical assumptions comparable to the components of the hard core of a Lakatosian research programme .
among the [parts] will be explicitly stated laws and theoretical assumptions comparable to the [parts] of the hard core of a lakatosian research programme .

Kuhn insists that his account constitutes a theory of science because it includes an explanation of the function of its various components .
kuhn insists that his account constitutes a theory of science because it includes an explanation of the function of its various [parts] .

Figure 1 Diagram to show the size of a neuron and its components , and their ranges of variation .
figure 1 diagram to show the size of a neuron and its [parts] , and their ranges of variation .

For present purposes we need not worry about the complexity and the names of the various components in the retina if only we can answer the following question : What does a single one of these ganglion cells tell the brain about the image falling on the photoreceptors to which it connects ?
for present purposes we need not worry about the complexity and the names of the various [parts] in the retina if only we can answer the following question : what does a single one of these ganglion cells tell the brain about the image falling on the photoreceptors to which it connects ?

The strength with which particular potentially contradictory relationships are held together depends not only on the amount of objective ‘ fit ’ between the components but also on the strength of the articulating principle involved , which is in turn connected with objective social factors .
the strength with which particular potentially contradictory relationships are held together depends not only on the amount of objective ‘ fit ’ between the [parts] but also on the strength of the articulating principle involved , which is in turn connected with objective social factors .

Moreover , it overstates the homogeneity of the components making up the ruling structure ( the state ; the economic units ; administrative and ideological apparatuses ) .
moreover , it overstates the homogeneity of the [parts] making up the ruling structure ( the state ; the economic units ; administrative and ideological apparatuses ) .

At the same time , late nineteenth-century American petit-bourgeois music culture still retained ‘ progressive ’ elements , unlike its European equivalent , which by then was mostly intent on hedonistic quiescence ; and the active , energetic components of this anti-elitist , common-man tradition ( in vaudeville for example ) fed through into early Tin Pan Alley song where they formed an uneasy synthesis with the tendency to conservative mass-production stereotypes .
at the same time , late nineteenth-century american petit-bourgeois music culture still retained ‘ progressive ’ elements , unlike its european equivalent , which by then was mostly intent on hedonistic quiescence ; and the active , energetic [parts] of this anti-elitist , common-man tradition ( in vaudeville for example ) fed through into early tin pan alley song where they formed an uneasy synthesis with the tendency to conservative mass-production stereotypes .

This point can help us understand the contradictions within recorded popular music : the fact that there is no simple return to oral techniques ; that the record form carries a vast range of content types ( including ‘ literate ’ ballads related to bourgeois traditions ) ; that production methods also differ widely , often using written components as well as ‘ oral ’ techniques ; that the modern recording studio is actually more suited to producing precisely synchronized rhythms and textures , and complex structural processes , than is notation ( as well as being suited also to other things ) .
this point can help us understand the contradictions within recorded popular music : the fact that there is no simple return to oral techniques ; that the record form carries a vast range of content types ( including ‘ literate ’ ballads related to bourgeois traditions ) ; that production methods also differ widely , often using written [parts] as well as ‘ oral ’ techniques ; that the modern recording studio is actually more suited to producing precisely synchronized rhythms and textures , and complex structural processes , than is notation ( as well as being suited also to other things ) .

This maintenance of a working class Tory vote sufficient to return the party to office can be thought of as having two components : first the reproduction of relatively stable social collectivities having a principle of identification outside the conception of ‘ class ’ which prompted most ‘ working class ’ people to vote Labour , and second a more conjunctural conversion of voters .
this maintenance of a working class tory vote sufficient to return the party to office can be thought of as having two [parts] : first the reproduction of relatively stable social collectivities having a principle of identification outside the conception of ‘ class ’ which prompted most ‘ working class ’ people to vote labour , and second a more conjunctural conversion of voters .

Hardly surprising , since one of the main components of that radicalism was opposition to the Vietnam war , and although nominally defeated at the party conference in 1967 , Wilson 's basically pro-US stand defined the party 's position in the eyes of many young radicals .
hardly surprising , since one of the main [parts] of that radicalism was opposition to the vietnam war , and although nominally defeated at the party conference in 1967 , wilson 's basically pro-us stand defined the party 's position in the eyes of many young radicals .

The most likely context for discovering the qualities of jade would have been in the course of grinding and polishing axe or adze blades , one of the most widespread components of the Neolithic tool-kit from Europe to China .
the most likely context for discovering the qualities of jade would have been in the course of grinding and polishing axe or adze blades , one of the most widespread [parts] of the neolithic tool-kit from europe to china .

Among these are its smoothness and coolness to the touch , a degree of translucency , and colours ranging from the white most highly esteemed by the Chinese to the various shades of green , yellow , orange , red , blue , mauve and black imparted by mineral components .
among these are its smoothness and coolness to the touch , a degree of translucency , and colours ranging from the white most highly esteemed by the chinese to the various shades of green , yellow , orange , red , blue , mauve and black imparted by mineral [parts] .

All three are mainly composed of silica , but analysis reveals significant differences in other components .
all three are mainly composed of silica , but analysis reveals significant differences in other [parts] .

Carefully cut and polished plates of onyx were mounted in gold to form flat components of the necklace and one was engraved with the name of the priestess Abbabashti of Shesin .
carefully cut and polished plates of onyx were mounted in gold to form flat [parts] of the necklace and one was engraved with the name of the priestess abbabashti of shesin .

The effect of using garnet as an inlay can be seen with particular brilliance in the jewellery purse components , shield ornaments and sword-fittings from the royal ship-burial at Sutton Hoo ( fig .
the effect of using garnet as an inlay can be seen with particular brilliance in the jewellery purse [parts] , shield ornaments and sword-fittings from the royal ship-burial at sutton hoo ( fig .

The Chinese took a more practical line by using them to tip drills for perforating jade , anticipating their use in modern industry to fulfil a number of different roles from drilling steel components to drawing filaments .
the chinese took a more practical line by using them to tip drills for perforating jade , anticipating their use in modern industry to fulfil a number of different roles from drilling steel [parts] to drawing filaments .

This passage gives us almost all the components of the ‘ orthodox account ’ of the penal crisis .
this passage gives us almost all the [parts] of the ‘ orthodox account ’ of the penal crisis .

This has led to a crisis of legitimacy for the system : not only for the prisons ( whose claim to be providing effective rehabilitation was always shaky in many eyes ) but equally for other components of the penal system , notably the probation service which has for some years now been uncertain about what its proper rationale and direction should be .
this has led to a crisis of legitimacy for the system : not only for the prisons ( whose claim to be providing effective rehabilitation was always shaky in many eyes ) but equally for other [parts] of the penal system , notably the probation service which has for some years now been uncertain about what its proper rationale and direction should be .

Woolf correctly identifies some of the components of an adequate theory of the penal crisis .
woolf correctly identifies some of the [parts] of an adequate theory of the penal crisis .

Continued deference to the principle of judicial independence has resulted in the virtual abdication of responsibility for sentencing policy by successive English governments , even though this must be one of the most important components of a coherent penal strategy .
continued deference to the principle of judicial independence has resulted in the virtual abdication of responsibility for sentencing policy by successive english governments , even though this must be one of the most important [parts] of a coherent penal strategy .

His occupation was given as manufacturer of industrial components .
his occupation was given as manufacturer of industrial [parts] .

The reduction in the mispricing can be disaggregated into two components : movements in the price of the futures contract , and movements in the prices of the underlying shares .
the reduction in the mispricing can be disaggregated into two [parts] : movements in the price of the futures contract , and movements in the prices of the underlying shares .

Table 6.1 Components of the basis for the example
table 6.1 [parts] of the basis for the example

He took the gun components from the protective foam interior .
he took the gun [parts] from the protective foam interior .

At £1,045 , the Greenfield has many of the same basic components as its rivals .
at £1,045 , the greenfield has many of the same basic [parts] as its rivals .

Failure of adhesion between the epidermis and its underlying basement membrane occurs in bullous pemphigoid , in which autoantibodies to cytoplasmic protein components of the matrix adhesive junctions known as hemidesmosomes are found in serum .
failure of adhesion between the epidermis and its underlying basement membrane occurs in bullous pemphigoid , in which autoantibodies to cytoplasmic protein [parts] of the matrix adhesive junctions known as hemidesmosomes are found in serum .

The meta-analyses referred to show that it is often different components of the counterregulatory responses that vary between studies .
the meta-analyses referred to show that it is often different [parts] of the counterregulatory responses that vary between studies .

Thus , methods of drawing together the components of care were developed , especially in federally funded initiatives such as the Community Support Program .
thus , methods of drawing together the [parts] of care were developed , especially in federally funded initiatives such as the community support program .

We agree with Jones and colleagues that trainees in general practice need to be taught patient centred medicine , but two other components are essential — that is , teamwork and anticipation .
we agree with jones and colleagues that trainees in general practice need to be taught patient centred medicine , but two other [parts] are essential — that is , teamwork and anticipation .

Two main components of it — one a pilot project , the other , changed financial relationships between health authorities and local authorities .
two main [parts] of it — one a pilot project , the other , changed financial relationships between health authorities and local authorities .

One of the most important components of the legal framework created by parliament for their protection will have been rendered ineffectual for them .
one of the most important [parts] of the legal framework created by parliament for their protection will have been rendered ineffectual for them .

Or are they perhaps a bit of both : a species of `` braided `` psycho-physical events with the two components inseparably interlinked with one another ?
or are they perhaps a bit of both : a species of `` braided `` psycho-physical events with the two [parts] inseparably interlinked with one another ?

The initiation of transcription of protein-coding genes is a complex process involving multiple components ( 1 ) .
the initiation of transcription of protein-coding genes is a complex process involving multiple [parts] ( 1 ) .

Initial domiciliary assessments are carried out by either a medical or a non-medical team member by using a semistructured schedule that guides them through the various clinical , functional , social , and other components of the assessment .
initial domiciliary assessments are carried out by either a medical or a non-medical team member by using a semistructured schedule that guides them through the various clinical , functional , social , and other [parts] of the assessment .

Various types of spectrometry , such as optical emission spectrometry , infra-red absorption spectrometry , and atomic absorption spectrometry , can also be used to identify the constituent components of an object .
various types of spectrometry , such as optical emission spectrometry , infra-red absorption spectrometry , and atomic absorption spectrometry , can also be used to identify the constituent [parts] of an object .

He could double and halve small numbers , decompose the calculation into components and recombine them to find the solution .
he could double and halve small numbers , decompose the calculation into [parts] and recombine them to find the solution .

This simplification is achieved through the aggregation of attainment target assessments into profile components , and into results on each subject .
this simplification is achieved through the aggregation of attainment target assessments into profile [parts] , and into results on each subject .

Thus Chapter 9 is about what policies , both local and national , will be necessary as components of a structural programme concerned with the effective redistribution of resources and power and with the transformation of the existing social order through a process of cultural revolution .
thus chapter 9 is about what policies , both local and national , will be necessary as [parts] of a structural programme concerned with the effective redistribution of resources and power and with the transformation of the existing social order through a process of cultural revolution .

At the level of political action two components have to be carefully distinguished .
at the level of political action two [parts] have to be carefully distinguished .

It is a fear which often arises out of ignorance , because for those on low to middle incomes , some assistance may be available under the various components of the legal aid scheme .
it is a fear which often arises out of ignorance , because for those on low to middle incomes , some assistance may be available under the various [parts] of the legal aid scheme .

What we need to decide as language teachers is the degree to which other components of communication need teaching .
what we need to decide as language teachers is the degree to which other [parts] of communication need teaching .

We also need to help learners integrate the components of communication one with another .
we also need to help learners integrate the [parts] of communication one with another .

We have introduced some basic components which would be required in a characterisation of the topic framework for any discourse fragment .
we have introduced some basic [parts] which would be required in a characterisation of the topic framework for any discourse fragment .

He has sketched a procedure for inventing classifiers in many learning situations , and he suggests a Bayesian approach which helps find good heuristic components for them .
he has sketched a procedure for inventing classifiers in many learning situations , and he suggests a bayesian approach which helps find good heuristic [parts] for them .

The matrix in which this application is to be considered has three components .
the matrix in which this application is to be considered has three [parts] .

This heat can cause certain circuit-board components to malfunction or fail altogether .
this heat can cause certain circuit-board [parts] to malfunction or fail altogether .

The metal is widely used for implements and structural components .
the metal is widely used for implements and structural [parts] .

In recovery the grief reaction takes two years to work through and the various components of grief have to be addressed and processed .
in recovery the grief reaction takes two years to work through and the various [parts] of grief have to be addressed and processed .

The components of e are evaluated , the results are then all assigned to the locations represented by x , and the process then terminates .
the [parts] of e are evaluated , the results are then all assigned to the locations represented by x , and the process then terminates .

The components of the self-image are illustrated in Figure 10.2 .
the [parts] of the self-image are illustrated in figure 10.2 .

The result of these three components will be the individual 's perceptual reaction towards information inputs .
the result of these three [parts] will be the individual 's perceptual reaction towards information inputs .

Such products include fuel oil , paint , building materials and fitments , and electronic Components .
such products include fuel oil , paint , building materials and fitments , and electronic [parts] .

These statistical procedures have two components .
these statistical procedures have two [parts] .

Marketing Management must therefore take care to ensure that the alteration , which in itself appears to be sensible , does not adversely affect other significant components of the mix .
marketing management must therefore take care to ensure that the alteration , which in itself appears to be sensible , does not adversely affect other significant [parts] of the mix .

So far as one of its most important components was concerned , early opera developed pari passu with solo song , but its evolution was controlled by other factors .
so far as one of its most important [parts] was concerned , early opera developed pari passu with solo song , but its evolution was controlled by other factors .

It was seen earlier in the book that there are inconsistencies between different components of what may be loosely called the finance function .
it was seen earlier in the book that there are inconsistencies between different [parts] of what may be loosely called the finance function .

The principle upon which it operates is that the pool is split into two components : the first is referred to as ‘ common funding ’ and accounts for the greater bulk of the pool ; and the second is known as ‘ further funding ’ and comprises an element of additional financing for those institutions which have a high historic unit cost .
the principle upon which it operates is that the pool is split into two [parts] : the first is referred to as ‘ common funding ’ and accounts for the greater bulk of the pool ; and the second is known as ‘ further funding ’ and comprises an element of additional financing for those institutions which have a high historic unit cost .

These graphs show that there are two components in the improvement .
these graphs show that there are two [parts] in the improvement .

In that most cultivated of species , cultural changes proceed at an exceptionally high rate , and affect nearly all components of behaviour .
in that most cultivated of species , cultural changes proceed at an exceptionally high rate , and affect nearly all [parts] of behaviour .

4 . There are three major components of information technology and these are as follows :
4 . there are three major [parts] of information technology and these are as follows :

microelectronics , ie the design , application and production of very small-scale electronic devices containing densely packed components ;
microelectronics , ie the design , application and production of very small-scale electronic devices containing densely packed [parts] ;

We shall look at these components in turn .
we shall look at these [parts] in turn .

Typical components of an audit would be — marketing environment , marketing strategy , marketing plans and controls , the marketing mix , profitability and costs , and the organization of marketing .
typical [parts] of an audit would be — marketing environment , marketing strategy , marketing plans and controls , the marketing mix , profitability and costs , and the organization of marketing .

Its responsibility is to plan , resource and control the processes involved in converting raw materials and components into the finished goods required to satisfy the needs and wants of the organization 's existing and potential customers .
its responsibility is to plan , resource and control the processes involved in converting raw materials and [parts] into the finished goods required to satisfy the needs and wants of the organization 's existing and potential customers .

Plan the supply of materials , parts , components etc .
plan the supply of materials , parts , [parts] etc .

The primary responsibility of the purchasing department is to secure sufficient and suitable raw materials , components , other goods , and services to ensure that the manufacturing process is fully supplied with all its materials , and to achieve this responsibility in a cost-effective manner .
the primary responsibility of the purchasing department is to secure sufficient and suitable raw materials , [parts] , other goods , and services to ensure that the manufacturing process is fully supplied with all its materials , and to achieve this responsibility in a cost-effective manner .

These products may be small , tailor-made components , huge pieces of equipment or large single items , such as a ship .
these products may be small , tailor-made [parts] , huge pieces of equipment or large single items , such as a ship .

These engines required much better fit of components than had Newcomen 's ; parts bought in had to fit exactly , and then those putting up the engine and its house on site required to know just what to do .
these engines required much better fit of [parts] than had newcomen 's ; parts bought in had to fit exactly , and then those putting up the engine and its house on site required to know just what to do .

Unlike the pluralist approach which when dealing with macro-political issues directs its attention towards attitudes , ethics , belief systems and individualistic cultural components , this Gramscian Marxist perspective investigates the linkages between economic structures ( such as landholding ) , national development ( such as the effect on artisan or fledgling industry of suddenly imposed competition with more advanced areas ) and the instruments of intellectual control through which the economic domination is legitimated .
unlike the pluralist approach which when dealing with macro-political issues directs its attention towards attitudes , ethics , belief systems and individualistic cultural [parts] , this gramscian marxist perspective investigates the linkages between economic structures ( such as landholding ) , national development ( such as the effect on artisan or fledgling industry of suddenly imposed competition with more advanced areas ) and the instruments of intellectual control through which the economic domination is legitimated .

But the traditionally minded researcher might be forgiven for asking what these two distinct approaches have to do with politics , for both of them in their own ways have argued major political components of regions and regionalism out of court .
but the traditionally minded researcher might be forgiven for asking what these two distinct approaches have to do with politics , for both of them in their own ways have argued major political [parts] of regions and regionalism out of court .

The extraordinary feature of this ceaseless flux is that structures of the cells and the body they compose remain constant whilst their components are replaced .
the extraordinary feature of this ceaseless flux is that structures of the cells and the body they compose remain constant whilst their [parts] are replaced .

The overall appearance of the house is unchanged in this process , though its components are continually being replaced .
the overall appearance of the house is unchanged in this process , though its [parts] are continually being replaced .

But if we reject this view in favour of memory as a property of the brain as a system , rather than of its individual cellular and molecular components , then memory will depend not on distinct biochemistry but on just which cells and synapses are showing the changes , where they are located in the nervous system , and which other cells they make contact with .
but if we reject this view in favour of memory as a property of the brain as a system , rather than of its individual cellular and molecular [parts] , then memory will depend not on distinct biochemistry but on just which cells and synapses are showing the changes , where they are located in the nervous system , and which other cells they make contact with .

Amongst the key molecular components of the membrane are a number of proteins which are capable of forming reversible chemical links to phosphate ions .
amongst the key molecular [parts] of the membrane are a number of proteins which are capable of forming reversible chemical links to phosphate ions .

The fifth one decided , for some mysterious mechanical reason that only small but vital components are privy to , that it was going to play up .
the fifth one decided , for some mysterious mechanical reason that only small but vital [parts] are privy to , that it was going to play up .

Coherence in policy could become less easy to achieve where its components were fragmented among different groups and individuals .
coherence in policy could become less easy to achieve where its [parts] were fragmented among different groups and individuals .

Whilst Roadburg may underestimate the size of the middle-class and female components of the British soccer crowd , he is correct to emphasise that the terraces are chiefly made up of working-class males and that , of this group , it is the youth segment which most often engages in violence .
whilst roadburg may underestimate the size of the middle-class and female [parts] of the british soccer crowd , he is correct to emphasise that the terraces are chiefly made up of working-class males and that , of this group , it is the youth segment which most often engages in violence .

The vilification of Arthur Scargill , the unbalanced emphasis on picket-line violence and intimidation , the failure to explain issues at the heart of the strike , the criminalization of striking miners , the unquestioned assumptions of police neutrality and the fundamental contradiction between the reality experienced by striking communities and the distorted presentation of that reality through the mass media — these were the key components of the media 's ideological policing of the strike . ( Green , 1990:157 )
the vilification of arthur scargill , the unbalanced emphasis on picket-line violence and intimidation , the failure to explain issues at the heart of the strike , the criminalization of striking miners , the unquestioned assumptions of police neutrality and the fundamental contradiction between the reality experienced by striking communities and the distorted presentation of that reality through the mass media — these were the key [parts] of the media 's ideological policing of the strike . ( green , 1990:157 )

He even hints that there may be a reciprocal relationship between the metaphoric and proper components of his schema .
he even hints that there may be a reciprocal relationship between the metaphoric and proper [parts] of his schema .

An electroencelograph might perhaps separate the components of the conversation into the elements of silence , reality and unreality .
an electroencelograph might perhaps separate the [parts] of the conversation into the elements of silence , reality and unreality .

contract with other services , and private and voluntary organisations to obtain some of the components of punishment in the community . ( ibid )
contract with other services , and private and voluntary organisations to obtain some of the [parts] of punishment in the community . ( ibid )

This raises the prospect of fully integrated systems for which the sourcing of individual components such as drivers , memory chips and processors on the world market would no longer be an issue .
this raises the prospect of fully integrated systems for which the sourcing of individual [parts] such as drivers , memory chips and processors on the world market would no longer be an issue .

Countries with such a display manufacturing capability would dominate the market and effectively eliminate competition based on older technology made up from discrete components .
countries with such a display manufacturing capability would dominate the market and effectively eliminate competition based on older technology made up from discrete [parts] .

He has taken industrial Kee Klamp fittings ( for joining metal tubes ) and added extra components to produce innovative kits for chunky original designs .
he has taken industrial kee klamp fittings ( for joining metal tubes ) and added extra [parts] to produce innovative kits for chunky original designs .

Older systems can be improved with modern , efficient components and controls can be added to improve fuel economy .
older systems can be improved with modern , efficient [parts] and controls can be added to improve fuel economy .

Standard components can be assembled in different ways to suit a variety of requirements .
standard [parts] can be assembled in different ways to suit a variety of requirements .

The components come ready-prepared for assembly and only a small amount of drilling is needed to attach the conservatory to the base and the wall .
the [parts] come ready-prepared for assembly and only a small amount of drilling is needed to attach the conservatory to the base and the wall .

The ferment of support for Saddam Hussein , which has now even spread into Britain 's own Muslim communities , has several components .
the ferment of support for saddam hussein , which has now even spread into britain 's own muslim communities , has several [parts] .

Indeed , far from being seen as the fragrant components of pot-pourri or as the aromatic base for creams and lotions , herbs were the only vegetable element of the medieval and Tudor kitchen .
indeed , far from being seen as the fragrant [parts] of pot-pourri or as the aromatic base for creams and lotions , herbs were the only vegetable element of the medieval and tudor kitchen .

In 1959 , when The Border Regiment and The King 's Own Royal Regiment ( Lancaster ) was amalgamated into The King 's Own Royal Border Regiment , both components had to wear the bade of the newly formed Lancastrian Brigade .
in 1959 , when the border regiment and the king 's own royal regiment ( lancaster ) was amalgamated into the king 's own royal border regiment , both [parts] had to wear the bade of the newly formed lancastrian brigade .

Next month , we shall look at some more regiments , the senior components of which were raised in the early eighteenth century .
next month , we shall look at some more regiments , the senior [parts] of which were raised in the early eighteenth century .

Components of national population change
[parts] of national population change

All three components had a hand in producing the marked reduction in annual growth rate between the first half of the 1960s and the first half of the 1970s , but the dominant feature was the fall in the number of births .
all three [parts] had a hand in producing the marked reduction in annual growth rate between the first half of the 1960s and the first half of the 1970s , but the dominant feature was the fall in the number of births .

The Rover Group alone ( then British Leyland ) announced 22,000 job losses , and many of the other large cases of redundancy ( Townsend , 1983 , 122 ) were among national and local suppliers of motor cylinders , castings , tyres and other components .
the rover group alone ( then british leyland ) announced 22,000 job losses , and many of the other large cases of redundancy ( townsend , 1983 , 122 ) were among national and local suppliers of motor cylinders , castings , tyres and other [parts] .

The motor industry is seen as a prototype for the ‘ post-Fordist regime of flexible accumulation ’ , involving both fewer workers at principal factories and a much more varied supply of components for different models and markets .
the motor industry is seen as a prototype for the ‘ post-fordist regime of flexible accumulation ’ , involving both fewer workers at principal factories and a much more varied supply of [parts] for different models and markets .

At the same time , increasing interest in language led to a succession of BEd courses with strong language components in Colleges of Education ( work in the Birmingham area , led by Professor John Sinclair , part of which is described in Mary Willes ' paper on pp .
at the same time , increasing interest in language led to a succession of bed courses with strong language [parts] in colleges of education ( work in the birmingham area , led by professor john sinclair , part of which is described in mary willes ' paper on pp .

That primary teacher education should include components on the role of community languages , means of maintaining and developing pupils ' mother tongues and the possibilities of bilingual education .
that primary teacher education should include [parts] on the role of community languages , means of maintaining and developing pupils ' mother tongues and the possibilities of bilingual education .

the organisation of those components ;
the organisation of those [parts] ;

In order to overcome this , the interrelationships within the course components and areas of the school curriculum need to be explored .
in order to overcome this , the interrelationships within the course [parts] and areas of the school curriculum need to be explored .

That primary teacher education should include components on the role of community languages , means of maintaining and developing pupils ' mother tongues , and the possibilities of bilingual education .
that primary teacher education should include [parts] on the role of community languages , means of maintaining and developing pupils ' mother tongues , and the possibilities of bilingual education .

As the pairs had a pattern to follow which was dictated by the components of their task — lexis , structure , discourse function — it was possible for me to stop the discussions from time to time to concentrate the attention of the whole group on specific issues like , for example , the meaningful teaching or certain lexis and grammar .
as the pairs had a pattern to follow which was dictated by the [parts] of their task — lexis , structure , discourse function — it was possible for me to stop the discussions from time to time to concentrate the attention of the whole group on specific issues like , for example , the meaningful teaching or certain lexis and grammar .

The degree is taught exclusively in the School of Education , takes place in College and School , and has three components .
the degree is taught exclusively in the school of education , takes place in college and school , and has three [parts] .

These components are :
these [parts] are :

The course will concentrate entirely on the teachers ' deficits and have the following components :
the course will concentrate entirely on the teachers ' deficits and have the following [parts] :

They helped to popularize , particularly in the first generation New Towns , a brick-and-tile vernacular architecture which evolved from a Scandinavian style , eminently suitable for standard components and standard layouts set by cost targets .
they helped to popularize , particularly in the first generation new towns , a brick-and-tile vernacular architecture which evolved from a scandinavian style , eminently suitable for standard [parts] and standard layouts set by cost targets .

It has become apparent that the success of evolution theory in the late nineteenth century was not based on acceptance of what we now regard as the most important components of Darwin 's thinking .
it has become apparent that the success of evolution theory in the late nineteenth century was not based on acceptance of what we now regard as the most important [parts] of darwin 's thinking .

To receive , store and to distribute components or assemblies as a central regional warehouse , or ,
to receive , store and to distribute [parts] or assemblies as a central regional warehouse , or ,

But the practical components of the curriculum , whether in the medieval university or in courses of professional education as they developed after the Second World War , have been subsidiary elements in a much wider programme of studies ; and they have an internal connection with the general programme of theoretical studies .
but the practical [parts] of the curriculum , whether in the medieval university or in courses of professional education as they developed after the second world war , have been subsidiary elements in a much wider programme of studies ; and they have an internal connection with the general programme of theoretical studies .

It implies that a curriculum which first offers students theoretical components , and then expects them to put the theory ‘ into practice ’ in the practical situation , is misconceived .
it implies that a curriculum which first offers students theoretical [parts] , and then expects them to put the theory ‘ into practice ’ in the practical situation , is misconceived .

artwork requiring additional components such as halftones or line drawings to be added before the reproduction stage .
artwork requiring additional [parts] such as halftones or line drawings to be added before the reproduction stage .

Lupton 's own research , in an electrical components firm showed how an equitable balance between wages and effort can develop on the shopfloor .
lupton 's own research , in an electrical [parts] firm showed how an equitable balance between wages and effort can develop on the shopfloor .

At a more analytic level we can distinguish two main components of the management structure :
at a more analytic level we can distinguish two main [parts] of the management structure :

In 1918–19 he was chairman of the inter-allied conference on standardization of aircraft components and deputy member of the munitions council .
in 1918–19 he was chairman of the inter-allied conference on standardization of aircraft [parts] and deputy member of the munitions council .

He created a new large workshop complex within a single building of one-and-a-half acres , where boilers and other locomotive components were made and erected .
he created a new large workshop complex within a single building of one-and-a-half acres , where boilers and other locomotive [parts] were made and erected .

Maximum standardization of components was achieved in Churchward 's locomotives , the advanced design features of which were later adopted by other railways .
maximum standardization of [parts] was achieved in churchward 's locomotives , the advanced design features of which were later adopted by other railways .

The panels were built up from small components , enabling work to be subcontracted to a large number of small engineering firms without disrupting heavy engineering production .
the panels were built up from small [parts] , enabling work to be subcontracted to a large number of small engineering firms without disrupting heavy engineering production .

Intensely fond of music , he invented high-quality components to incorporate in his invention of stereophony , which was granted British Patent 394325 in 1931 .
intensely fond of music , he invented high-quality [parts] to incorporate in his invention of stereophony , which was granted british patent 394325 in 1931 .

Wheels , rods , cranks , and other components were added so that boys ( girls were never specified in the advertising ) , with instruction manuals , could build the illustrated models .
wheels , rods , cranks , and other [parts] were added so that boys ( girls were never specified in the advertising ) , with instruction manuals , could build the illustrated models .

During this time Willans improved his designs and adopted advanced manufacturing techniques , pioneering the rapid assembly of engines from standardized , interchangeable components .
during this time willans improved his designs and adopted advanced manufacturing techniques , pioneering the rapid assembly of engines from standardized , interchangeable [parts] .

This figure contains all the separate information-processing components which seem to be needed to explain how we do all the things we can do with verbal stimuli , plus arrows indicating pathways of communication between these components .
this figure contains all the separate information-processing [parts] which seem to be needed to explain how we do all the things we can do with verbal stimuli , plus arrows indicating pathways of communication between these [parts] .

In the remaining sections of this chapter we will concentrate on two of these components : the visual word-recognition system and the auditory word-recognition system .
in the remaining sections of this chapter we will concentrate on two of these [parts] : the visual word-recognition system and the auditory word-recognition system .

Some of these rules are concerned with the different components which go to make up a traditional story — the kind of story which is orally handed down from generation to generation .
some of these rules are concerned with the different [parts] which go to make up a traditional story — the kind of story which is orally handed down from generation to generation .

Thus , it would seem that , like other aspects of language processing we have discussed in this book , sentence production appears to have both top-down and bottom-up components .
thus , it would seem that , like other aspects of language processing we have discussed in this book , sentence production appears to have both top-down and bottom-up [parts] .

If the reading system does include these two separate processing components , it might be possible that neurological damage could impair one component whilst leaving the other intact , to produce a specific pattern of acquired dyslexia .
if the reading system does include these two separate processing [parts] , it might be possible that neurological damage could impair one component whilst leaving the other intact , to produce a specific pattern of acquired dyslexia .

We saw in Chapter 8 that Garrett 's model of sentence production does contain these two components ; and the examples of spontaneous speech by aphasic patients we gave in sections 9.2.1 and 9.2.2 illustrate the two patterns which occur if one of the components is damaged and the other spared .
we saw in chapter 8 that garrett 's model of sentence production does contain these two [parts] ; and the examples of spontaneous speech by aphasic patients we gave in sections 9.2.1 and 9.2.2 illustrate the two patterns which occur if one of the [parts] is damaged and the other spared .

Although not technically a fountain , it utilizes the same components as the conventional fountain .
although not technically a fountain , it utilizes the same [parts] as the conventional fountain .

While it has the virtue of indicating vast new areas worthy of study , this model suffers from a failure to identify the relative significance of its many components .
while it has the virtue of indicating vast new areas worthy of study , this model suffers from a failure to identify the relative significance of its many [parts] .

Understanding of the dynamics of the biophysical components of the city and the way their functioning impinges on people is a vital part of urban studies .
understanding of the dynamics of the biophysical [parts] of the city and the way their functioning impinges on people is a vital part of urban studies .

First , it is monistic and brings together environment , man and the plant and animal world within a single framework in which interaction between the components could be analysed .
first , it is monistic and brings together environment , man and the plant and animal world within a single framework in which interaction between the [parts] could be analysed .

Secondly , the ecosystems are structured in a more or less orderly , rational and comprehensible way , and therefore provide an approach which requires identification of the structures present and the links between the structural components .
secondly , the ecosystems are structured in a more or less orderly , rational and comprehensible way , and therefore provide an approach which requires identification of the structures present and the links between the structural [parts] .

The strategy ( Huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases identified as the lexical phase which necessitates identification of system components ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system components ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an attempt to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a modified model .
the strategy ( huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases identified as the lexical phase which necessitates identification of system [parts] ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system [parts] ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an attempt to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a modified model .

Secondly are systems of complex disorder where there are large numbers of components and therefore of variables but only weak linkages between them , and they are handled by probabilistic methods of statistical mechanics .
secondly are systems of complex disorder where there are large numbers of [parts] and therefore of variables but only weak linkages between them , and they are handled by probabilistic methods of statistical mechanics .

Thirdly there are systems of complex order where there are a large number of components which have a strong organized interaction .
thirdly there are systems of complex order where there are a large number of [parts] which have a strong organized interaction .

The complexity increases as the square of the number of components so that simple analysis techniques can not be employed and catastrophe theory and perturbation analysis are examples of appropriate analysis procedures .
the complexity increases as the square of the number of [parts] so that simple analysis techniques can not be employed and catastrophe theory and perturbation analysis are examples of appropriate analysis procedures .

Approaches to hydrological model building have been either via physical hydrology , which is the investigation of the components of the hydrological cycle to achieve a full understanding of the mechanisms and interactions involved , or by systems synthesis investigations , which attempted a complete simulation of drainage basin operation by adjusting the components and the parameters of the model until outputs from the model agreed with empirical results from known inputs .
approaches to hydrological model building have been either via physical hydrology , which is the investigation of the [parts] of the hydrological cycle to achieve a full understanding of the mechanisms and interactions involved , or by systems synthesis investigations , which attempted a complete simulation of drainage basin operation by adjusting the [parts] and the parameters of the model until outputs from the model agreed with empirical results from known inputs .

The components of nutrient systems treated are weathering and atmospheric inputs , the leaching output and nutrient cycling , and this leads to models of the system and to models of stability and change .
the [parts] of nutrient systems treated are weathering and atmospheric inputs , the leaching output and nutrient cycling , and this leads to models of the system and to models of stability and change .

In soils energy considerations have already been noted ( p. 142 ) and Gerrard ( 1981 ) referring to Runge ( 1973 ) has reviewed the energy status of soil systems by recognizing three components .
in soils energy considerations have already been noted ( p. 142 ) and gerrard ( 1981 ) referring to runge ( 1973 ) has reviewed the energy status of soil systems by recognizing three [parts] .

The basic components of Maslow 's theory are often presented as a pyramid , but this seems to imply that those needs situated at the top of the pyramid are more important than those at the bottom .
the basic [parts] of maslow 's theory are often presented as a pyramid , but this seems to imply that those needs situated at the top of the pyramid are more important than those at the bottom .

To determine motivation we need to break the model down into two components :
to determine motivation we need to break the model down into two [parts] :

Melody is a rise and fall of notes , related to each other in time . There are therefore two main melodic components :
melody is a rise and fall of notes , related to each other in time . there are therefore two main melodic [parts] :

For example , the brutal effect of Example 141 ( c ) can be changed considerably if we dispose the vertical components of each chord differently : Here , the harshness of the original , with its dissonant 2nds and 7ths , has been converted to much less discordant chord-successions .
for example , the brutal effect of example 141 ( c ) can be changed considerably if we dispose the vertical [parts] of each chord differently : here , the harshness of the original , with its dissonant 2nds and 7ths , has been converted to much less discordant chord-successions .

Using ostinatos in several parts , the components varying gradually , long movements of an emotionally static nature are formed , without complex episodes and retaining a lucid simplicity .
using ostinatos in several parts , the [parts] varying gradually , long movements of an emotionally static nature are formed , without complex episodes and retaining a lucid simplicity .

Multidisciplinary modular courses require considerable and continuous effort to be devoted to harmonizing and integrating the practices of academic components .
multidisciplinary modular courses require considerable and continuous effort to be devoted to harmonizing and integrating the practices of academic [parts] .

Similarly , in the need for institutional change study it was clear that need for change has two distinct components : the deficiency level of some institutional subsystem , and its importance to the system as a whole .
similarly , in the need for institutional change study it was clear that need for change has two distinct [parts] : the deficiency level of some institutional subsystem , and its importance to the system as a whole .

It was predictable that the onerousness of the rating task held down response rate somewhat ( 33 per cent of a target population of 200 ) , but less predictably , great suspicion was aroused by the use of multiplication as a way of combining the two components of need for change .
it was predictable that the onerousness of the rating task held down response rate somewhat ( 33 per cent of a target population of 200 ) , but less predictably , great suspicion was aroused by the use of multiplication as a way of combining the two [parts] of need for change .

Models for the integration of these components are beginning to be developed ( Mansell et al .
models for the integration of these [parts] are beginning to be developed ( mansell et al .

Even more unfortunate that the conceptually and semantically re-engineered case management should become the focal point of the new reforms , since it ( in the form of care management ) , and not other components , is likely to bear the brunt of criticism and dissatisfaction with unsatisfactory aspects of the community care reforms , and the major share of blame for their ultimate and probably inevitable ‘ failure ’ .
even more unfortunate that the conceptually and semantically re-engineered case management should become the focal point of the new reforms , since it ( in the form of care management ) , and not other [parts] , is likely to bear the brunt of criticism and dissatisfaction with unsatisfactory aspects of the community care reforms , and the major share of blame for their ultimate and probably inevitable ‘ failure ’ .

While there is some truth in this assertion , there is a broad measure of agreement about the essential components of case management and these have been summarized by a number of authors and practitioners ( Challis and Davies , 1986 ; Kanter , 1989 ; Hunter , 1990 ; Onyett , 1992 ; Moxley , 1989 ; Thornicroft , 1991 ) .
while there is some truth in this assertion , there is a broad measure of agreement about the essential [parts] of case management and these have been summarized by a number of authors and practitioners ( challis and davies , 1986 ; kanter , 1989 ; hunter , 1990 ; onyett , 1992 ; moxley , 1989 ; thornicroft , 1991 ) .

It is also becoming clear that case management is often effected by the service context , so that , like other service components , it may work less well in poorly resourced areas , and better when it is an integral part of a well resourced network of services .
it is also becoming clear that case management is often effected by the service context , so that , like other service [parts] , it may work less well in poorly resourced areas , and better when it is an integral part of a well resourced network of services .

Case management in rehabilitation work with these clients involves specific ( sometimes called ‘ intense ’ ) components , such as skills training , medication review , assertive outreach , 24 hour coverage , etc .
case management in rehabilitation work with these clients involves specific ( sometimes called ‘ intense ’ ) [parts] , such as skills training , medication review , assertive outreach , 24 hour coverage , etc .

‘ Intense ’ case management components are not likely to figure prominently in the brokerage/advocacy models of case management .
‘ intense ’ case management [parts] are not likely to figure prominently in the brokerage/advocacy models of case management .

Bourdieu 's critique of structuralism seems to have three central components .
bourdieu 's critique of structuralism seems to have three central [parts] .

As accessories , the Libyans who supplied those components were as guilty as hell , as guilty morally and legally as anyone directly involved in commissioning or committing mass murder .
as accessories , the libyans who supplied those [parts] were as guilty as hell , as guilty morally and legally as anyone directly involved in commissioning or committing mass murder .

The Sexual Offences ( Amendment ) Act 1976 , s. 1 ( 1 ) , indicates the mens rea for one of the four constituent elements of the actus reus of rape , namely , lack of consent , but the Act is silent as to the mens rea for the remaining components of the offence .
the sexual offences ( amendment ) act 1976 , s. 1 ( 1 ) , indicates the mens rea for one of the four constituent elements of the actus reus of rape , namely , lack of consent , but the act is silent as to the mens rea for the remaining [parts] of the offence .

The order , worth some £11,000 , for 100 precision-machined depleted uranium components went to the German company Amersham-Buchler .
the order , worth some £11,000 , for 100 precision-machined depleted uranium [parts] went to the german company amersham-buchler .

The huge stresses to which airframes and engineering components are subjected , particularly during take-off and landing , cause fatigue which is detectable via flaws such as tiny cracks .
the huge stresses to which airframes and engineering [parts] are subjected , particularly during take-off and landing , cause fatigue which is detectable via flaws such as tiny cracks .

Separation of the different components therefore makes recycling time consuming and expensive .
separation of the different [parts] therefore makes recycling time consuming and expensive .

First , it is the only kind of theory now available that is precise and predictive enough to make investigable the nature of a semantics/pragmatics boundary , or the interaction between the two components .
first , it is the only kind of theory now available that is precise and predictive enough to make investigable the nature of a semantics/pragmatics boundary , or the interaction between the two [parts] .

those based on semantic components , can be subsumed within it , in so far as they are built on consistent and logical lines .
those based on semantic [parts] , can be subsumed within it , in so far as they are built on consistent and logical lines .

From what we now know about the nature of meaning , a hybrid or modular account seems inescapable : there remains the hope that with two components , a semantics and a pragmatics working in tandem , each can be built on relatively homogeneous and systematic lines .
from what we now know about the nature of meaning , a hybrid or modular account seems inescapable : there remains the hope that with two [parts] , a semantics and a pragmatics working in tandem , each can be built on relatively homogeneous and systematic lines .

In order to construct an integrated theory of linguistic competence , it is essential to discover the logical ordering of components or levels .
in order to construct an integrated theory of linguistic competence , it is essential to discover the logical ordering of [parts] or levels .

Alternatively , pragmatics and other linguistic components or levels can be allowed to interact .
alternatively , pragmatics and other linguistic [parts] or levels can be allowed to interact .

He suggests that the functions of speech can be to focus on any of the six basic components of the communicational event : thus the referential function focuses on the referential content of the message , the emotive function on the speaker 's state , the conative function on the speaker 's wishes that the addressee do or think such-and-such , the metalinguistic function on the code being used , the phatic function on the channel ( establishment and maintainance of contact ) , and the Poetic function on the way in which the message is encoded .
he suggests that the functions of speech can be to focus on any of the six basic [parts] of the communicational event : thus the referential function focuses on the referential content of the message , the emotive function on the speaker 's state , the conative function on the speaker 's wishes that the addressee do or think such-and-such , the metalinguistic function on the code being used , the phatic function on the channel ( establishment and maintainance of contact ) , and the poetic function on the way in which the message is encoded .

Finally , let us consider some motion verbs that have built-in deictic components , English come vs. go makes some sort of distinction between the direction of motion relative to participants in the speech event ( the exposition here follows Fillmore , 1966 , 1975 : 50ff ) .
finally , let us consider some motion verbs that have built-in deictic [parts] , english come vs. go makes some sort of distinction between the direction of motion relative to participants in the speech event ( the exposition here follows fillmore , 1966 , 1975 : 50ff ) .

`` Goodwill `` is made up of two components : trade connections and reputation .
`` goodwill `` is made up of two [parts] : trade connections and reputation .

Following Lerdahl and Jackendoff ( 1983 ) he believes that rhythm has three components : metre , grouping and prolongation . ``
following lerdahl and jackendoff ( 1983 ) he believes that rhythm has three [parts] : metre , grouping and prolongation . ``

An experience is rhythmic if it contains any one of these components .
an experience is rhythmic if it contains any one of these [parts] .

Anticipations and extensions are optional components of prolongation regions ; when either exists they are weak components relative to the arrival .
anticipations and extensions are optional [parts] of prolongation regions ; when either exists they are weak [parts] relative to the arrival .

The two most important components of the external environment are temperature and humidity .
the two most important [parts] of the external environment are temperature and humidity .

On the outbreak of war the original components of the Peace Alliance and the Unity Campaign scattered in different directions .
on the outbreak of war the original [parts] of the peace alliance and the unity campaign scattered in different directions .

The majority of the steel components , including the fuselage tubing and wing grid girders , were beyond saving and , of course , all wood components and fabric were replaced .
the majority of the steel [parts] , including the fuselage tubing and wing grid girders , were beyond saving and , of course , all wood [parts] and fabric were replaced .

From here the components of the Hercules will be transported by road to the Museum 's storage facility .
from here the [parts] of the hercules will be transported by road to the museum 's storage facility .

Expenditure was broken down into current and capital components .
expenditure was broken down into current and capital [parts] .

the heavy engine components are positioned low-down so they pass beneath the cabin in the event of a severe frontal impact
the heavy engine [parts] are positioned low-down so they pass beneath the cabin in the event of a severe frontal impact

At the same , time experiments in the dismantling and recycling of wrecks continues with the aim of developing methods and economically viable ways of recycling the majority of components .
at the same , time experiments in the dismantling and recycling of wrecks continues with the aim of developing methods and economically viable ways of recycling the majority of [parts] .

Biological components
biological [parts]

Two components of necessary grief work have been identified , and have been summarised by Parkes ( 1982b ) .
two [parts] of necessary grief work have been identified , and have been summarised by parkes ( 1982b ) .

We may consider the procedure for one component of the velocity ; the other components and the pressure are treated in just the same way .
we may consider the procedure for one component of the velocity ; the other [parts] and the pressure are treated in just the same way .

In this definition u 1 and u 2 are quite general quantities ; but as examples , they could be simultaneous values of the same component of the velocity at two different points , or two different components of the velocity at a single point .
in this definition u 1 and u 2 are quite general quantities ; but as examples , they could be simultaneous values of the same component of the velocity at two different points , or two different [parts] of the velocity at a single point .

The Reynolds stress arises from the correlation of two components of the velocity fluctuation at the same point .
the reynolds stress arises from the correlation of two [parts] of the velocity fluctuation at the same point .

( We have here considered one velocity component , but eqn ( 19.2 ) provides immediate extension from the energy associated with components to the energy as a whole .
( we have here considered one velocity component , but eqn ( 19.2 ) provides immediate extension from the energy associated with [parts] to the energy as a whole .

Figure 21.15 shows distributions of and of its components , , and across a boundary layer .
figure 21.15 shows distributions of and of its [parts] , , and across a boundary layer .

The crucial feature necessary for the occurrence of the special phenomena of double diffusive convection is that the two components should have different diffusivities .
the crucial feature necessary for the occurrence of the special phenomena of double diffusive convection is that the two [parts] should have different diffusivities .

If this were not the case , then the two components would necessarily remain coupled in a way that would allow little difference from convection due to just one of them . When the two components are heat and common salt , in the notation of Sections 14.2 and 14.3 , and
if this were not the case , then the two [parts] would necessarily remain coupled in a way that would allow little difference from convection due to just one of them . when the two [parts] are heat and common salt , in the notation of sections 14.2 and 14.3 , and

If the main components of money supply are various deposits in financial institutions , we must examine these institutions and the various types of deposit if we are to going to get a clear definition of money .
if the main [parts] of money supply are various deposits in financial institutions , we must examine these institutions and the various types of deposit if we are to going to get a clear definition of money .

This shows the components of a change in money supply .
this shows the [parts] of a change in money supply .

The flow-of-funds equation shows the components of any change in money supply .
the flow-of-funds equation shows the [parts] of any change in money supply .

Even if fixed investment in plant and machinery is not very interest sensitive , there are other components of aggregate demand that may well be : for example , investment in stocks , consumer demand financed through credit cards , bank loans or hire purchase , and the demand for houses financed through mortgages .
even if fixed investment in plant and machinery is not very interest sensitive , there are other [parts] of aggregate demand that may well be : for example , investment in stocks , consumer demand financed through credit cards , bank loans or hire purchase , and the demand for houses financed through mortgages .

The gongylidia undergo enzymatic hydrolysis of their cellular components .
the gongylidia undergo enzymatic hydrolysis of their cellular [parts] .

Myrmicacin is found with plant hormones in a secretion produced by the thoracic gland which disrupts the flow of components to cell walls and cell division is disturbed .
myrmicacin is found with plant hormones in a secretion produced by the thoracic gland which disrupts the flow of [parts] to cell walls and cell division is disturbed .

‘ The necessary components of love , my darling , are apparently as dark and fathomless as the reasons we 're alive in the first place .
‘ the necessary [parts] of love , my darling , are apparently as dark and fathomless as the reasons we 're alive in the first place .

Although the global hypsometric curve provides a valuable statistical summary of the Earth 's relief as a whole it is also necessary to identify the major components of global morphology that give rise to the curve ( Fig .
although the global hypsometric curve provides a valuable statistical summary of the earth 's relief as a whole it is also necessary to identify the major [parts] of global morphology that give rise to the curve ( fig .

This suggests that the solution of limestone in such areas must be controlled by components other than carbonic acid and it seems likely that organic acids play a major role .
this suggests that the solution of limestone in such areas must be controlled by [parts] other than carbonic acid and it seems likely that organic acids play a major role .

Temperature is an important factor in rates of chemical weathering , both through the direct effect it has on the rate of chemical reactions ( see Section 6.2.2 ) , and indirectly through its influence on rates of organic activity and hence the production of both soil carbon dioxide and organic acids — both critical components in chemical weathering .
temperature is an important factor in rates of chemical weathering , both through the direct effect it has on the rate of chemical reactions ( see section 6.2.2 ) , and indirectly through its influence on rates of organic activity and hence the production of both soil carbon dioxide and organic acids — both critical [parts] in chemical weathering .

Nevertheless , it is appropriate to consider here those components of karst topography that owe much of their origin to weathering processes .
nevertheless , it is appropriate to consider here those [parts] of karst topography that owe much of their origin to weathering processes .

The Oxford Dictionary of Computing ( 1986 ) defines software as ‘ a generic term for those components of a computer system that are intangible rather than physical ’ .
the oxford dictionary of computing ( 1986 ) defines software as ‘ a generic term for those [parts] of a computer system that are intangible rather than physical ’ .

In the normal case , the components of all divisions in a particular base are homogeneous — they all use the same value for ‘ % component.seq ’ .
in the normal case , the [parts] of all divisions in a particular base are homogeneous — they all use the same value for ‘ % component.seq ’ .

Having filled their computer methods requirements outlined above , students will neither shrink from the challenge that such components hold forth nor demand rudimentary applications training from their history teachers .
having filled their computer methods requirements outlined above , students will neither shrink from the challenge that such [parts] hold forth nor demand rudimentary applications training from their history teachers .

At present , the development of such components relies heavily on individual initiatives taken by historians whose own research involves some element of computation .
at present , the development of such [parts] relies heavily on individual initiatives taken by historians whose own research involves some element of computation .

In Carry on Sergeant , the story was probably more important than in most of the other components of the series .
in carry on sergeant , the story was probably more important than in most of the other [parts] of the series .

He listed several possible links between the various components of aggregate expenditure on the one hand , and the levels of prices and money wages on the other .
he listed several possible links between the various [parts] of aggregate expenditure on the one hand , and the levels of prices and money wages on the other .

Lucas maintains that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal extraction ’ problem ( see Sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) ascertaining whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent components of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may accompany across the board changes in prices .
lucas maintains that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal extraction ’ problem ( see sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) ascertaining whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent [parts] of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may accompany across the board changes in prices .

In many cases the contract under consideration between the buyer and the seller will be a subcontract ( for instance to provide components ) which will be used by the buyer to fulfil part of his obligations under a prime contract where he is in his turn acting as the seller .
in many cases the contract under consideration between the buyer and the seller will be a subcontract ( for instance to provide [parts] ) which will be used by the buyer to fulfil part of his obligations under a prime contract where he is in his turn acting as the seller .

The seller has no difficulty in producing them for the buyer in any quantity provided he has sufficient notice to schedule production , and purchase needed materials and components .
the seller has no difficulty in producing them for the buyer in any quantity provided he has sufficient notice to schedule production , and purchase needed materials and [parts] .

However , in such a case , since the seller may well have to take on commitments , either to purchase materials and components or to manufacture without order cover , so that he can be ready to supply the forecast requirements if ordered , the buyer must take some responsibility if he does not purchase up to his forecast .
however , in such a case , since the seller may well have to take on commitments , either to purchase materials and [parts] or to manufacture without order cover , so that he can be ready to supply the forecast requirements if ordered , the buyer must take some responsibility if he does not purchase up to his forecast .

8.1 If any jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds , gauges , components , materials or any other items of whatsoever nature are supplied to you by us for use in connection with this order , the same shall be at your risk from the time they leave our premises until they are returned thereto , but shall remain our property .
8.1 if any jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds , gauges , [parts] , materials or any other items of whatsoever nature are supplied to you by us for use in connection with this order , the same shall be at your risk from the time they leave our premises until they are returned thereto , but shall remain our property .

Eventually a compromise was adopted between the call championed by Scandinavian and other countries for a permanent ban , and France and Britain 's insistence on their right to dump larger items such as nuclear components of submarines and power stations .
eventually a compromise was adopted between the call championed by scandinavian and other countries for a permanent ban , and france and britain 's insistence on their right to dump larger items such as nuclear [parts] of submarines and power stations .

PCBs stem from industrial components such as transformer coolants and jet engine lubricants .
pcbs stem from industrial [parts] such as transformer coolants and jet engine lubricants .

It is true that each one of these components rests atop a pyramid of explanations at lower levels .
it is true that each one of these [parts] rests atop a pyramid of explanations at lower levels .

Given that two of the major components in the motor of the present technological progress are profit maximisation and the consolidation of power ( based on the notion of an ever-increasing rate of production and consumption ) it is not surprising that the contradictions manifest themselves so obviously on all sides .
given that two of the major [parts] in the motor of the present technological progress are profit maximisation and the consolidation of power ( based on the notion of an ever-increasing rate of production and consumption ) it is not surprising that the contradictions manifest themselves so obviously on all sides .

It follows that whenever a large system is about to be built there always exists a considerable uncertainty about many aspects of its required behaviour , the interaction with its environment , its constituent components and their interrelationships .
it follows that whenever a large system is about to be built there always exists a considerable uncertainty about many aspects of its required behaviour , the interaction with its environment , its constituent [parts] and their interrelationships .

While little of what he has to say relates directly to rhetoric , the account of the similarities across cultures shows what structural components are required for such a broadcast to be taken seriously ; to attempt alternatives is to undermine the force of the predictions .
while little of what he has to say relates directly to rhetoric , the account of the similarities across cultures shows what structural [parts] are required for such a broadcast to be taken seriously ; to attempt alternatives is to undermine the force of the predictions .

They are mosaics , a cluster of separate components , each with its own lens of crystalline calcite orientated in the precise position in which it transmits light most efficiently .
they are mosaics , a cluster of separate [parts] , each with its own lens of crystalline calcite orientated in the precise position in which it transmits light most efficiently .

Here the components are fewer but larger .
here the [parts] are fewer but larger .

As we will see , the ability to explain consists of both cognitive and linguistic components : the ability to understand a phenomenon ; and the ability to communicate this understanding to others , usually , but not always , by using terms such as because and so .
as we will see , the ability to explain consists of both cognitive and linguistic [parts] : the ability to understand a phenomenon ; and the ability to communicate this understanding to others , usually , but not always , by using terms such as because and so .

In the same way , understanding other people 's explanations has both cognitive and linguistic components .
in the same way , understanding other people 's explanations has both cognitive and linguistic [parts] .

In making use of the matching rule , children are comparing the intention with the result , and so they are showing the ability to coordinate these two components of a behavioural sequence .
in making use of the matching rule , children are comparing the intention with the result , and so they are showing the ability to coordinate these two [parts] of a behavioural sequence .

The older children prefer a components strategy ( in which features of the relevant buildings are described ) while the younger ones prefer a numbering strategy ( in which items are counted off — e.g .
the older children prefer a [parts] strategy ( in which features of the relevant buildings are described ) while the younger ones prefer a numbering strategy ( in which items are counted off — e.g .

In ( 1 ) , a combination of directional and components strategies is being used and this is clearly an effective procedure .
in ( 1 ) , a combination of directional and [parts] strategies is being used and this is clearly an effective procedure .

In ( 2 ) the listener is confirming a correct directional message with a components description .
in ( 2 ) the listener is confirming a correct directional message with a [parts] description .

In ( 3 ) , an accurate numbering strategy is rescued by the listener enquiring about the components involved , causing the speaker to modify the description .
in ( 3 ) , an accurate numbering strategy is rescued by the listener enquiring about the [parts] involved , causing the speaker to modify the description .

In addition to national airlines , early users were big organizations which had to keep track of many internal operations such as many components , many spare parts or large dealer/point-of-sale networks .
in addition to national airlines , early users were big organizations which had to keep track of many internal operations such as many [parts] , many spare parts or large dealer/point-of-sale networks .

In 1980 , the group employed some 20,000 people , of whom nearly 16,000 worked in a total of 76 industrial enterprises variously engaged in the following kinds of production : foundry and forge 7 ; capital goods 22 ; components 27 ; consumer durables 15 ; building 5 .
in 1980 , the group employed some 20,000 people , of whom nearly 16,000 worked in a total of 76 industrial enterprises variously engaged in the following kinds of production : foundry and forge 7 ; capital goods 22 ; [parts] 27 ; consumer durables 15 ; building 5 .

Similarly , turned components joined into the chair can be assembled in the square and turned later on .
similarly , turned [parts] joined into the chair can be assembled in the square and turned later on .

Sjobergs manufacture traditional carpenter 's work benches and furniture components .
sjobergs manufacture traditional carpenter 's work benches and furniture [parts] .

They all had a solid elm seat , turned or occasionally cabriole legs and employed steam bent , shaped and turned components in their construction .
they all had a solid elm seat , turned or occasionally cabriole legs and employed steam bent , shaped and turned [parts] in their construction .

The mortises for the back components should be cut on the bench with the underframe removed .
the mortises for the back [parts] should be cut on the bench with the underframe removed .

But they seem to be curiously indifferent to timber in the shape of components .
but they seem to be curiously indifferent to timber in the shape of [parts] .

The tendencies exist in very many people to a greater extent than they are prepared to admit and sexual fantasy abounds with sado-masochistic components .
the tendencies exist in very many people to a greater extent than they are prepared to admit and sexual fantasy abounds with sado-masochistic [parts] .

My personal belief is that sadism may have one or both of two components : a need to dominate — to put another person into an inferior position and to assert oneself by inflicting pain — or a need to destroy arising from some inner hatred of self and/or others in general .
my personal belief is that sadism may have one or both of two [parts] : a need to dominate — to put another person into an inferior position and to assert oneself by inflicting pain — or a need to destroy arising from some inner hatred of self and/or others in general .

In such studies , to which we turn in the next chapter , it will be necessary to consider yet other components which have frequently entered into the definition of style .
in such studies , to which we turn in the next chapter , it will be necessary to consider yet other [parts] which have frequently entered into the definition of style .

The same applies in the case of shoddy service , damaged products , faded displays and components that do n't fit .
the same applies in the case of shoddy service , damaged products , faded displays and [parts] that do n't fit .

He compliments the production operator on the detailed attention he gives to the quality components coming off his line .
he compliments the production operator on the detailed attention he gives to the quality [parts] coming off his line .

Living systems certainly have physical components but you have to be a very thoroughgoing reductionist to feel happy with the notion that biology ( and anthropology ) are nothing but , admittedly elaborate , corollaries to physics .
living systems certainly have physical [parts] but you have to be a very thoroughgoing reductionist to feel happy with the notion that biology ( and anthropology ) are nothing but , admittedly elaborate , corollaries to physics .

That statement is true for the components in whatever directions we are pleased to choose .
that statement is true for the [parts] in whatever directions we are pleased to choose .

We will call the corresponding spin components and s respectively .
we will call the corresponding spin [parts] and s respectively .

Every time we measure two u components we find that they cancel out .
every time we measure two u [parts] we find that they cancel out .

When it comes to specifying the fundamental disciplinary components which constitute the actual means of engaging in this `` climb `` , the Committee selects exegesis , art , and history , while at the same time insisting that English literature should clearly be distinguished from history , and indeed sociology and philosophy .
when it comes to specifying the fundamental disciplinary [parts] which constitute the actual means of engaging in this `` climb `` , the committee selects exegesis , art , and history , while at the same time insisting that english literature should clearly be distinguished from history , and indeed sociology and philosophy .

Then , the therapist can try to shape what has been said by introducing the notion that anxiety is made up of three separate components .
then , the therapist can try to shape what has been said by introducing the notion that anxiety is made up of three separate [parts] .

Therapist outlines plan for course and first session — self-help model , components of course emphasized — 3-system model of anxiety — explanation of a model of stress — Tap and Glass metaphor .
therapist outlines plan for course and first session — self-help model , [parts] of course emphasized — 3-system model of anxiety — explanation of a model of stress — tap and glass metaphor .

In the research carried out by one of the present authors ( Powell 1987 ) , forty seven clients in six separate structured group programmes were asked to rate which components of the package they had found most helpful .
in the research carried out by one of the present authors ( powell 1987 ) , forty seven clients in six separate structured group programmes were asked to rate which [parts] of the package they had found most helpful .

These two aspects of treatment were rated significantly higher than any of the other components such as homework tasks , or learning coping skills such as relaxation or positive self-talk .
these two aspects of treatment were rated significantly higher than any of the other [parts] such as homework tasks , or learning coping skills such as relaxation or positive self-talk .

Out of the conceptualization of housework as work which is a major theme of this study arises the need to spell out the different components in what is broadly termed women 's ‘ domesticity ’ .
out of the conceptualization of housework as work which is a major theme of this study arises the need to spell out the different [parts] in what is broadly termed women 's ‘ domesticity ’ .

Other components relate to attitudes to housework and the perceived status of housewifery .
other [parts] relate to attitudes to housework and the perceived status of housewifery .

In industry the purpose of this process is to make work more interesting , through the restructuring of the components of a work role — either by increasing the number of operations that each worker has to perform or by making changes from one activity to another more frequent .
in industry the purpose of this process is to make work more interesting , through the restructuring of the [parts] of a work role — either by increasing the number of operations that each worker has to perform or by making changes from one activity to another more frequent .

However , producing this model alongside another may give rise to benefits — perhaps they have common components , or common design and marketing costs , in which case there are shareable inputs .
however , producing this model alongside another may give rise to benefits — perhaps they have common [parts] , or common design and marketing costs , in which case there are shareable inputs .

Indeed , such progress has not been common to all publishers — some still produce little more than typesetting tapes with cryptic codes labelling the various components of each entry , and little or no accompanying software or documentation for their search or extraction .
indeed , such progress has not been common to all publishers — some still produce little more than typesetting tapes with cryptic codes labelling the various [parts] of each entry , and little or no accompanying software or documentation for their search or extraction .

The model can be used to represent various components of human comprehension , including :
the model can be used to represent various [parts] of human comprehension , including :

5.1.1 The Components
5.1.1 the [parts]

5.1.2 Interaction between Components
5.1.2 interaction between [parts]

In the former , the ’ blackboard ’ refers to a neutral working area in which partial results may be stored and hypotheses offered to higher-level components .
in the former , the ’ blackboard ’ refers to a neutral working area in which partial results may be stored and hypotheses offered to higher-level [parts] .

The retinues of other northern lords can also be seen as components of the ducal connection .
the retinues of other northern lords can also be seen as [parts] of the ducal connection .

Accurate stress analysis of engineering components can be achieved by modelling only the surface ( boundary ) rather than the entire volume of the structure .
accurate stress analysis of engineering [parts] can be achieved by modelling only the surface ( boundary ) rather than the entire volume of the structure .

Haemoglobin consists of two major components : the haem group which contains iron at its centre and globin which is a protein .
haemoglobin consists of two major [parts] : the haem group which contains iron at its centre and globin which is a protein .

One of the major components of the fight against such disorders is to reduce the number of affected births by means of health education , laboratory screening and genetic counselling .
one of the major [parts] of the fight against such disorders is to reduce the number of affected births by means of health education , laboratory screening and genetic counselling .

These workshops were responsible for only that part of the production process or those components of the final product most sensitive to labour cost differentials , and have been located principally in South-East Asia and parts of Latin America ( Grunwald and Flamm , 1985 ) .
these workshops were responsible for only that part of the production process or those [parts] of the final product most sensitive to labour cost differentials , and have been located principally in south-east asia and parts of latin america ( grunwald and flamm , 1985 ) .

These opened up new opportunities of producing components either for export to the big car companies in America or Europe , or for sale to the local affiliates of those same companies .
these opened up new opportunities of producing [parts] either for export to the big car companies in america or europe , or for sale to the local affiliates of those same companies .

Automobiles are made of thousands of components , many of which are produced by small firms and sold to the assemblers like Toyota .
automobiles are made of thousands of [parts] , many of which are produced by small firms and sold to the assemblers like toyota .

The third motivation — lowering risks — has several components .
the third motivation — lowering risks — has several [parts] .

More promising for developing countries , perhaps , are the possibilities of expanding the supply of components .
more promising for developing countries , perhaps , are the possibilities of expanding the supply of [parts] .

The difficulty , however , is that competition for components has made them increasingly price-elastic and thus sensitive to exchange rate movements .
the difficulty , however , is that competition for [parts] has made them increasingly price-elastic and thus sensitive to exchange rate movements .

As we show for the export of electronic components in chapter 4 , such seemingly independent exporting has its hazards .
as we show for the export of electronic [parts] in chapter 4 , such seemingly independent exporting has its hazards .

And why was the particular form of the deal chosen , with Mitsubishi as the minority partner granted a ( seemingly lucrative ) import licence for its own components ?
and why was the particular form of the deal chosen , with mitsubishi as the minority partner granted a ( seemingly lucrative ) import licence for its own [parts] ?

They complained that the Law of Similars often obliged them to use overpriced components , handicapping their products in world markets .
they complained that the law of similars often obliged them to use overpriced [parts] , handicapping their products in world markets .

Oakeshott argues that these two sorts of knowledge , distinguishable but inseparable , are the twin components of knowledge involved in every concrete human activity .
oakeshott argues that these two sorts of knowledge , distinguishable but inseparable , are the twin [parts] of knowledge involved in every concrete human activity .

This means the physical components of computers , including the minicomputers , microcomputers and integrated systems and attachments to the computers .
this means the physical [parts] of computers , including the minicomputers , microcomputers and integrated systems and attachments to the computers .

Three types of social support were confirmed by principal components analysis : confiding or emotional support , practical support , and negative aspects of support .
three types of social support were confirmed by principal [parts] analysis : confiding or emotional support , practical support , and negative aspects of support .

the dictionary is split into two components , the main work and its Supplement , one published after the other , and
the dictionary is split into two [parts] , the main work and its supplement , one published after the other , and

each of these two components was published serially rather than as a whole .
each of these two [parts] was published serially rather than as a whole .

This spatio-visual ability involves seeing situations in their totality , identifying their important components and their relationships and suggesting strategies for resolving problems .
this spatio-visual ability involves seeing situations in their totality , identifying their important [parts] and their relationships and suggesting strategies for resolving problems .

All teachers who taught the family smoking education project were briefed on the basic components of the project and provided with basic guideline notes , which included a teacher 's record of the lessons .
all teachers who taught the family smoking education project were briefed on the basic [parts] of the project and provided with basic guideline notes , which included a teacher 's record of the lessons .

In some cases the two components of a double are not genuinely associated , and merely happen to lie in almost the same line of sight as seen from Earth .
in some cases the two [parts] of a double are not genuinely associated , and merely happen to lie in almost the same line of sight as seen from earth .

The Mizar-Alcor pair is of this type , though it must be added that a telescope shows Mizar itself to be made up of two rather unequal components .
the mizar-alcor pair is of this type , though it must be added that a telescope shows mizar itself to be made up of two rather unequal [parts] .

Also there are many binaries in which the components are so close together that no telescope will separate them , and they betray their true nature only by means of the spectroscope .
also there are many binaries in which the [parts] are so close together that no telescope will separate them , and they betray their true nature only by means of the spectroscope .

The apparent separation between the components of a double star is given in seconds or minutes of arc .
the apparent separation between the [parts] of a double star is given in seconds or minutes of arc .

This idea has long since fallen out of favour ; it is much more likely that the two components of a pair were born at the same time and in the same region of space , from the same cloud of dust and gas .
this idea has long since fallen out of favour ; it is much more likely that the two [parts] of a pair were born at the same time and in the same region of space , from the same cloud of dust and gas .

It is a binary , made up of two components which are unequal in luminosity .
it is a binary , made up of two [parts] which are unequal in luminosity .

This is because the two components are so close together that they almost touch , and presumably gravitational strains mean that each is distorted into the shape of an egg .
this is because the two [parts] are so close together that they almost touch , and presumably gravitational strains mean that each is distorted into the shape of an egg .

The components of Nu Draconis : 62 seconds of arc .
the [parts] of nu draconis : 62 seconds of arc .

The components of Beta Cygni : 35 seconds .
the [parts] of beta cygni : 35 seconds .

It is yellowish , with a G-type spectrum , and is actually a close binary , though the components are so close together that no ordinary telescope will separate them .
it is yellowish , with a g-type spectrum , and is actually a close binary , though the [parts] are so close together that no ordinary telescope will separate them .

Both components are themselves double , though below binocular range .
both [parts] are themselves double , though below binocular range .

Alpha , of course , is the nearest of all the bright stars , at a mere 4.3 light-years ; it is a fine binary with a period of 80 years , but the components are too close to be split with binoculars .
alpha , of course , is the nearest of all the bright stars , at a mere 4.3 light-years ; it is a fine binary with a period of 80 years , but the [parts] are too close to be split with binoculars .

In the same × 12 field you will find 37 Ceti , which is double ; the components are of magnitudes 5 and 7.8 , and the separation is 50 seconds of arc .
in the same × 12 field you will find 37 ceti , which is double ; the [parts] are of magnitudes 5 and 7.8 , and the separation is 50 seconds of arc .

Delta is made up of two components , 6 minutes of arc apart ; the brighter member is white , while the fainter is orange .
delta is made up of two [parts] , 6 minutes of arc apart ; the brighter member is white , while the fainter is orange .

Telescopes are needed to show the White Dwarf , but binoculars show the main pair clearly , and the components are separable with the naked eye .
telescopes are needed to show the white dwarf , but binoculars show the main pair clearly , and the [parts] are separable with the naked eye .

Delta and Mu look like wide pairs , though in each case the components are not physically associated , and are too far apart to be classed as true doubles .
delta and mu look like wide pairs , though in each case the [parts] are not physically associated , and are too far apart to be classed as true doubles .

The separation between the two components is only about 35000000 kilometres , so that no telescope can show them separately , and each must be egg-shaped .
the separation between the two [parts] is only about 35000000 kilometres , so that no telescope can show them separately , and each must be egg-shaped .

The components are of magnitudes 4.7 and 5.1 , and are 208 seconds of arc apart , so that any binoculars will split them , and keen-eyed people can see both with no optical aid at all .
the [parts] are of magnitudes 4.7 and 5.1 , and are 208 seconds of arc apart , so that any binoculars will split them , and keen-eyed people can see both with no optical aid at all .

Beta is made up of two components , separable with binoculars .
beta is made up of two [parts] , separable with binoculars .

Nu is made up of two components , easily visible with binoculars .
nu is made up of two [parts] , easily visible with binoculars .

As the two components have a common motion through space they seem to be physically associated , but they are at least a light-year apart , and possibly much more .
as the two [parts] have a common motion through space they seem to be physically associated , but they are at least a light-year apart , and possibly much more .

Theta is a famous double ; the separation is 22 seconds or arc , and the components are equal .
theta is a famous double ; the separation is 22 seconds or arc , and the [parts] are equal .

It is actually a binary , but the two components are so close together that they can not be separated with ordinary telescopes .
it is actually a binary , but the two [parts] are so close together that they can not be separated with ordinary telescopes .

Gamma Virginis or Arich is also a binary ; the identical components can be split with almost any telescope , though not with binoculars ( they are much less wide apart now than they used to be 50 years ago , and the separation is decreasing steadily ) .
gamma virginis or arich is also a binary ; the identical [parts] can be split with almost any telescope , though not with binoculars ( they are much less wide apart now than they used to be 50 years ago , and the separation is decreasing steadily ) .

Similarly , we might consider whether educational qualifications or length of service are not also components of pay scales in Western companies .
similarly , we might consider whether educational qualifications or length of service are not also [parts] of pay scales in western companies .

There is nothing especially unique about the presence of subcontracted parts suppliers because all manufacturing firms rely to an extent on the purchase of components from outsiders .
there is nothing especially unique about the presence of subcontracted parts suppliers because all manufacturing firms rely to an extent on the purchase of [parts] from outsiders .

Studies of Japanese management practices have highlighted many peculiar features among which is the kanban system of ordering components .
studies of japanese management practices have highlighted many peculiar features among which is the kanban system of ordering [parts] .

Delivery of components to particular plant sections must be smooth enough to prevent delays and at the same time reduce stocks of surplus materials .
delivery of [parts] to particular plant sections must be smooth enough to prevent delays and at the same time reduce stocks of surplus materials .

Not only have the supply of components to be of perfect quality and in the exact quantity , but they have to be delivered in small batches at very specific times .
not only have the supply of [parts] to be of perfect quality and in the exact quantity , but they have to be delivered in small batches at very specific times .

Reorganizing the lay-out of the production process can therefore permit the much greater automation of final assembly processes if robots , for example , can be programmed to perform different operations for different models almost to the exact moment the components arrive .
reorganizing the lay-out of the production process can therefore permit the much greater automation of final assembly processes if robots , for example , can be programmed to perform different operations for different models almost to the exact moment the [parts] arrive .

Kanban reflects the drive to speed up a flexible system of production , and success , in terms of productivity , is dependent on the ability of parent companies to guarantee prompt and regular delivery of components .
kanban reflects the drive to speed up a flexible system of production , and success , in terms of productivity , is dependent on the ability of parent companies to guarantee prompt and regular delivery of [parts] .

Quality consciousness is said to be very high among Japanese workers who endeavour to eliminate components that are rejected as substandard .
quality consciousness is said to be very high among japanese workers who endeavour to eliminate [parts] that are rejected as substandard .

There is nothing especially unique about the presence of subcontracted parts suppliers because all manufacturing firms rely to an extent on the purchase of components from outsiders .
there is nothing especially unique about the presence of subcontracted parts suppliers because all manufacturing firms rely to an extent on the purchase of [parts] from outsiders .

An overview of the lexicographic system , describing the purpose , capabilities , and components of the system
an overview of the lexicographic system , describing the purpose , capabilities , and [parts] of the system

Changes to any part of the system may make it necessary to change other seemingly unrelated components .
changes to any part of the system may make it necessary to change other seemingly unrelated [parts] .

( i ) the addition of extra hardware boards or components in the computer can , with suitable software , provide such things as fast floating-point arithmetic ( making calculations significantly faster ) , medium- or high-resolution graphics up to a grid of ( say ) 500 by 500 points , sound and voice synthesis , colour output , a real-time clock , and standard device controllers .
( i ) the addition of extra hardware boards or [parts] in the computer can , with suitable software , provide such things as fast floating-point arithmetic ( making calculations significantly faster ) , medium- or high-resolution graphics up to a grid of ( say ) 500 by 500 points , sound and voice synthesis , colour output , a real-time clock , and standard device controllers .

As with the history of the automobile , several radically different early designs were tried out before the main stream of development settled on the Von Neumann model ; some of these ideas have reappeared as specialized computers or as variations on the basic model ( for example parallel operation of components of the data manipulation unit ) .
as with the history of the automobile , several radically different early designs were tried out before the main stream of development settled on the von neumann model ; some of these ideas have reappeared as specialized computers or as variations on the basic model ( for example parallel operation of [parts] of the data manipulation unit ) .

In this book we are concerned with those internal design aspects of a computer which directly affect the way in which it processes data ; we therefore exclude such external aspects as the packaging of electronic components and units , the supply of power , or the conditions under which the computer is capable of operating , important though these are .
in this book we are concerned with those internal design aspects of a computer which directly affect the way in which it processes data ; we therefore exclude such external aspects as the packaging of electronic [parts] and units , the supply of power , or the conditions under which the computer is capable of operating , important though these are .

When the components are well-practised , control passes to a higher level of organisation , and with reading , as we shall be arguing later , the highest level is the integration of word meanings in a comprehension `` calculation `` .
when the [parts] are well-practised , control passes to a higher level of organisation , and with reading , as we shall be arguing later , the highest level is the integration of word meanings in a comprehension `` calculation `` .

The mechanical properties of insect cuticle are well adapted to its skeletal function and are determined largely by the various procuticular components , mainly chitin and various proteins ( Rudall and Kenchington , 1973 ) .
the mechanical properties of insect cuticle are well adapted to its skeletal function and are determined largely by the various procuticular [parts] , mainly chitin and various proteins ( rudall and kenchington , 1973 ) .

The two major components of insect cuticle are the carbohydrate chitin , which accounts for 25–60 per cent of the dry weight of various cuticles , and a number of proteins .
the two major [parts] of insect cuticle are the carbohydrate chitin , which accounts for 25–60 per cent of the dry weight of various cuticles , and a number of proteins .

Other components of the cuticle account for only a very small part of its weight but are of great physiological significance .
other [parts] of the cuticle account for only a very small part of its weight but are of great physiological significance .

The greater part of the propulsive force is generated on the downbeat and the relative sizes of the vertical and horizontal components of this force vary with the angle of the plane of vibration to the horizontal .
the greater part of the propulsive force is generated on the downbeat and the relative sizes of the vertical and horizontal [parts] of this force vary with the angle of the plane of vibration to the horizontal .

In the above brief description of a gonopod we have , in effect , interpreted the genitalia as appendicular derivatives , with homologies existing between the various components of the male and female organs .
in the above brief description of a gonopod we have , in effect , interpreted the genitalia as appendicular derivatives , with homologies existing between the various [parts] of the male and female organs .

variations in the histology and ultrastructure of these components are associated with important functional difference between different groups of muscles .
variations in the histology and ultrastructure of these [parts] are associated with important functional difference between different groups of muscles .

This may be linked to : ( a ) structures of the subject being taught ; ( b ) progression in the number of components of the subject pupils may be expected to have learned in the course of their instruction ; ( c ) the degree of difficulty of typical test items ; ( d ) sequences which correspond to the teaching approaches of the designers of a graded assessment scheme ; 4 all of the items in a test are at a similar or the same level of difficulty ; 5 tests are intended to be taken only when pupils are ready for them ; 6 performance on tests is described in terms of `` pass ' and `` fail `` , rather than a mark or grade .
this may be linked to : ( a ) structures of the subject being taught ; ( b ) progression in the number of [parts] of the subject pupils may be expected to have learned in the course of their instruction ; ( c ) the degree of difficulty of typical test items ; ( d ) sequences which correspond to the teaching approaches of the designers of a graded assessment scheme ; 4 all of the items in a test are at a similar or the same level of difficulty ; 5 tests are intended to be taken only when pupils are ready for them ; 6 performance on tests is described in terms of `` pass ' and `` fail `` , rather than a mark or grade .

However , any task which required the pupil to break down a number into its place value components — hundreds , tens etc .
however , any task which required the pupil to break down a number into its place value [parts] — hundreds , tens etc .

Dismantling a number was more demanding : The main difficulty factor here appears to be the need to see a number as made up of place value components rather than viewing numbers as a complete entity .
dismantling a number was more demanding : the main difficulty factor here appears to be the need to see a number as made up of place value [parts] rather than viewing numbers as a complete entity .

Two more components were necessary , for the deceased 's well-being .
two more [parts] were necessary , for the deceased 's well-being .

First removing the zona may affect surface , and possibly cytoskeletal , components ( 24 ) , so the necessity of a subsequent `` recovery period in vitro should always be considered .
first removing the zona may affect surface , and possibly cytoskeletal , [parts] ( 24 ) , so the necessity of a subsequent `` recovery period in vitro should always be considered .

This technique , used in combination with agents which bind to specific membrane components and induce identifiable lesions in membrane replicas [ e.g .
this technique , used in combination with agents which bind to specific membrane [parts] and induce identifiable lesions in membrane replicas [ e.g .

4.2 Labelling of intracellular components
4.2 labelling of intracellular [parts]

Run a test polymerization for each batch since some of the resin components are labile .
run a test polymerization for each batch since some of the resin [parts] are labile .

2 Selected senior and middle management and staff of their parent company who will be needed to manufacture vital components for the new equipment and also to support efforts to raise new finance for further research and development .
2 selected senior and middle management and staff of their parent company who will be needed to manufacture vital [parts] for the new equipment and also to support efforts to raise new finance for further research and development .

The breaking down of any skilled trade into less skilled or specialized components carried a major threat to the whole apprenticeship system and to the notion of the craft as well as damaging the control of the worker over the work process , as Taylorization in the twentieth century would clearly demonstrate .
the breaking down of any skilled trade into less skilled or specialized [parts] carried a major threat to the whole apprenticeship system and to the notion of the craft as well as damaging the control of the worker over the work process , as taylorization in the twentieth century would clearly demonstrate .

That these are components of a broadly progressive approach to education embraced by the Coordinating Team is both unsurprising and perfectly appropriate .
that these are [parts] of a broadly progressive approach to education embraced by the coordinating team is both unsurprising and perfectly appropriate .

It is built on a very substantial fibreglass pcb with the larger components adequately supported by plastics ties .
it is built on a very substantial fibreglass pcb with the larger [parts] adequately supported by plastics ties .

The bass/midrange driver now has a convex rather than a concave rubber roll surround and the hard-wired , seven-element secondorder crossover has benefited from the use of higher grade components ( including air-cored chokes ) .
the bass/midrange driver now has a convex rather than a concave rubber roll surround and the hard-wired , seven-element secondorder crossover has benefited from the use of higher grade [parts] ( including air-cored chokes ) .

Current Dumping is Quad 's nickname for a form of feed-forward correction developed for and first seen in the 405 which eliminates the need for adjustable components in the circuit .
current dumping is quad 's nickname for a form of feed-forward correction developed for and first seen in the 405 which eliminates the need for adjustable [parts] in the circuit .

Local authorities are no different in this respect from other large concerns , whether public or private , who must decide whether to provide all the components of their activities within their own organisations or to obtain some from outside suppliers .
local authorities are no different in this respect from other large concerns , whether public or private , who must decide whether to provide all the [parts] of their activities within their own organisations or to obtain some from outside suppliers .

Asked what are the essential components of a good picture the Irish Times man suggests that it should boast a very powerful and immediate visual impact .
asked what are the essential [parts] of a good picture the irish times man suggests that it should boast a very powerful and immediate visual impact .

Normally , though , sociologists have argued that these three strata have enough in common to make them components of one class , because they are all divided by a considerable gulf from the non-manual middle class , which contains its own strata .
normally , though , sociologists have argued that these three strata have enough in common to make them [parts] of one class , because they are all divided by a considerable gulf from the non-manual middle class , which contains its own strata .

‘ The customer had a requirement for a stock of components but it also had a lot of outdated engines .
‘ the customer had a requirement for a stock of [parts] but it also had a lot of outdated engines .

Filling in between times necessitates recourse to the mid-year estimates of the Registrar-General which provide details of the numbers of people in each local authority , together with a breakdown of annual changes by natural change and migration components .
filling in between times necessitates recourse to the mid-year estimates of the registrar-general which provide details of the numbers of people in each local authority , together with a breakdown of annual changes by natural change and migration [parts] .

Lawton ( 1977 ) has summarized the interaction between components of change for the 1950s and 1960s ( figure 3.5 ) .
lawton ( 1977 ) has summarized the interaction between [parts] of change for the 1950s and 1960s ( figure 3.5 ) .

Analysis of components of change again demonstrates the importance of migration in modifying the population distribution map ( tables 3.7 , 3.8 ) .
analysis of [parts] of change again demonstrates the importance of migration in modifying the population distribution map ( tables 3.7 , 3.8 ) .

The last two components of the model are classical Malthusian approaches , applied to cohorts rather than to whole populations .
the last two [parts] of the model are classical malthusian approaches , applied to cohorts rather than to whole populations .

To make sense of the trends in overall fertility , and to attempt to answer questions about future family size , we need to know more of the ‘ components ’ of the changes in annual births .
to make sense of the trends in overall fertility , and to attempt to answer questions about future family size , we need to know more of the ‘ [parts] ’ of the changes in annual births .

With enough data , fertility trends can be separated into the components due to period and to cohort effects ( Hobcraft , Menken , and Preston 1982 , Ryder 1980 ) .
with enough data , fertility trends can be separated into the [parts] due to period and to cohort effects ( hobcraft , menken , and preston 1982 , ryder 1980 ) .

But in order to understand changes in the number of heroin users across time we need to unpack and examine the two opposing components of prevalence : incidence and outcidence.1
but in order to understand changes in the number of heroin users across time we need to unpack and examine the two opposing [parts] of prevalence : incidence and outcidence.1

No independent relationship has been established between hearing loss in later life and the three main components of mental health , anxiety , depression or dementia ( Jones et al .
no independent relationship has been established between hearing loss in later life and the three main [parts] of mental health , anxiety , depression or dementia ( jones et al .

What should community care consist of ? The government identifies the key components of community as follows :
what should community care consist of ? the government identifies the key [parts] of community as follows :

The cast of characters is evidence enough of the approach : a fashionable young baronet intended by his ambitious politician uncle to marry the Princess of Lystria ; an exiled king running a fashionable London restaurant ; two pretty dancers , one royal and one plebeian ; a curate on holiday who strikingly resembles the baronet — with such components , the square dance performed through Central Europe is both neat and exciting .
the cast of characters is evidence enough of the approach : a fashionable young baronet intended by his ambitious politician uncle to marry the princess of lystria ; an exiled king running a fashionable london restaurant ; two pretty dancers , one royal and one plebeian ; a curate on holiday who strikingly resembles the baronet — with such [parts] , the square dance performed through central europe is both neat and exciting .

The advantage of using a kit is that much of the work will already have been done , and all you have to do is to assemble the components , which will often have been pre-drilled .
the advantage of using a kit is that much of the work will already have been done , and all you have to do is to assemble the [parts] , which will often have been pre-drilled .

There is a good selection of components to put inside your wardrobe .
there is a good selection of [parts] to put inside your wardrobe .

You can also buy the individual components from a department store , d-i-y superstore or by mail order from Woodfit .
you can also buy the individual [parts] from a department store , d-i-y superstore or by mail order from woodfit .

All the wood components come pre-cut ready to be slotted together , making a sturdy rose arch with a simple , easy-to-assemble , lightweight system .
all the wood [parts] come pre-cut ready to be slotted together , making a sturdy rose arch with a simple , easy-to-assemble , lightweight system .

But , if it 's only hanging by a thread , let it fall apart and build something new from the components .
but , if it 's only hanging by a thread , let it fall apart and build something new from the [parts] .

The money value of goods and service is derived from two components , quantity and price .
the money value of goods and service is derived from two [parts] , quantity and price .

The additional earnings-related components of the state pension is based on the best twenty years ' earnings , so those who are out of the labour market for substantial periods ( mainly women ) have little choice of which periods of earnings to take .
the additional earnings-related [parts] of the state pension is based on the best twenty years ' earnings , so those who are out of the labour market for substantial periods ( mainly women ) have little choice of which periods of earnings to take .

Other components have been found to be false , or unhelpful .
other [parts] have been found to be false , or unhelpful .

The first point is that it is not only the super-ego which is internalized — that is , taken over by identification from cathected social objects — but that there are involved other important components which presumably must be included in the ego — namely , the system of cognitive categorizations of the object world and the system of expressive symbolism .
the first point is that it is not only the super-ego which is internalized — that is , taken over by identification from cathected social objects — but that there are involved other important [parts] which presumably must be included in the ego — namely , the system of cognitive categorizations of the object world and the system of expressive symbolism .

It is also unique in paying attention to other unconscious , emotional components of social life which are often deliberately , or unknowingly , ignored in other types of sociology .
it is also unique in paying attention to other unconscious , emotional [parts] of social life which are often deliberately , or unknowingly , ignored in other types of sociology .

Books will be one of four components nominated in a grant of £85m .
books will be one of four [parts] nominated in a grant of £85m .

Components problem
[parts] problem

The company , which has been in the hands of receivers since February , faces the prospect of its production lines halting after a judge refused to rule that a crucial supplier , to whom it owes large sums of money , was legally obliged to continue providing vital components .
the company , which has been in the hands of receivers since february , faces the prospect of its production lines halting after a judge refused to rule that a crucial supplier , to whom it owes large sums of money , was legally obliged to continue providing vital [parts] .

Automotive Products , of Leamington Spa , Warwicks , will not deliver any more brake and clutch components until it is paid over £758,000 which , it says , it is owed for parts supplied before Leyland Daf went into receivership .
automotive products , of leamington spa , warwicks , will not deliver any more brake and clutch [parts] until it is paid over £758,000 which , it says , it is owed for parts supplied before leyland daf went into receivership .

It would be unfair to say that the landscape was featureless geology has provided some outstanding , literally outstanding , items of topography , yet they are far flung and , in general , the landscape components are not keen to assemble themselves into the kind of artistic compositions we have grown used to .
it would be unfair to say that the landscape was featureless geology has provided some outstanding , literally outstanding , items of topography , yet they are far flung and , in general , the landscape [parts] are not keen to assemble themselves into the kind of artistic compositions we have grown used to .

This examination incorporates financial , language and commercial components and support those people who want to build up essential business skills .
this examination incorporates financial , language and commercial [parts] and support those people who want to build up essential business skills .

Information on computer components and processes .
information on computer [parts] and processes .

Shorthand and Audio Transcription qualifications may be offered as components for the ‘ Euroqualifications ’ awards — Commercial Language Assistant Certificate , European Executive Assistant Certificate and Diploma in European Business Administration .
shorthand and audio transcription qualifications may be offered as [parts] for the ‘ euroqualifications ’ awards — commercial language assistant certificate , european executive assistant certificate and diploma in european business administration .

The backhaul cargo was comprised of junked vehicles , buildings , pipe , tanks and drilling rig components from Deadhorse , an oil field service area in the Prudhoe Bay field .
the backhaul cargo was comprised of junked vehicles , buildings , pipe , tanks and drilling rig [parts] from deadhorse , an oil field service area in the prudhoe bay field .

‘ Nationally-developed Courses ’ comprise nationally-developed units for the whole course or its core components .
‘ nationally-developed courses ’ comprise nationally-developed units for the whole course or its core [parts] .

The new Quality Framework to be introduced in 1992/3 will have three components :
the new quality framework to be introduced in 1992/3 will have three [parts] :

Each of these three components of the Quality Framework is described in this ‘ Update ’ .
each of these three [parts] of the quality framework is described in this ‘ update ’ .

Pest control and hygiene should not be seen as separate operations ; rather , they should be combined as essential components of good hygiene practice .
pest control and hygiene should not be seen as separate operations ; rather , they should be combined as essential [parts] of good hygiene practice .

The test will check the fuel tank and visible fuel system components to ensure they are not leaking and are secure .
the test will check the fuel tank and visible fuel system [parts] to ensure they are not leaking and are secure .

The most important approach , which is reaching its limits , is to increase the rate at which the computer 's components are ‘ clocked ’ , how often they are told to perform simple operations .
the most important approach , which is reaching its limits , is to increase the rate at which the computer 's [parts] are ‘ clocked ’ , how often they are told to perform simple operations .

The ability to cut down the distance signals travel by reducing the size of the computer is limited by the amount of heat the components generate ; a computer that is too small will get too hot .
the ability to cut down the distance signals travel by reducing the size of the computer is limited by the amount of heat the [parts] generate ; a computer that is too small will get too hot .

So if increasing the speed of a computer 's components is limited by the speed of light , how will one ever build increasingly faster computers ?
so if increasing the speed of a computer 's [parts] is limited by the speed of light , how will one ever build increasingly faster computers ?

The Sadia 2000 cassette from Sadia Refrigeration is a self-contained cassette which incorporates all working components and fits on top of the cabinet .
the sadia 2000 cassette from sadia refrigeration is a self-contained cassette which incorporates all working [parts] and fits on top of the cabinet .

Around the late 1940s , researchers in this area of communication theory began to develop models — graphic descriptors — which attempted to define communication and analyse its basic components .
around the late 1940s , researchers in this area of communication theory began to develop models — graphic descriptors — which attempted to define communication and analyse its basic [parts] .

The activities of this Institute cover the broad central ground of biology within the Division of Biological Sciences : how the cellular and other components of a single organism develop and function together and evolve .
the activities of this institute cover the broad central ground of biology within the division of biological sciences : how the cellular and other [parts] of a single organism develop and function together and evolve .

Language Improvement work is built into these components .
language improvement work is built into these [parts] .

In the third term , students undertake supervised individual project work leading to extended essays on any two of the six course components .
in the third term , students undertake supervised individual project work leading to extended essays on any two of the six course [parts] .

Its components include Christian history in Africa , Asia , the Americas , the Pacific ( allowing for concentration on particular areas ) ; Christian thought in non-Western culture ; the missionary movement from the West ; Christianity and primal religions .
its [parts] include christian history in africa , asia , the americas , the pacific ( allowing for concentration on particular areas ) ; christian thought in non-western culture ; the missionary movement from the west ; christianity and primal religions .

Two supervised fieldwork placements are integral components of the course .
two supervised fieldwork placements are integral [parts] of the course .

Students must pass both components .
students must pass both [parts] .

Major components include epidemiology , preventive veterinary medicine , computing for data analysis , logistics of disease control , veterinary economics project planning , public health , animal production and veterinary service management .
major [parts] include epidemiology , preventive veterinary medicine , computing for data analysis , logistics of disease control , veterinary economics project planning , public health , animal production and veterinary service management .

Those who taught the ‘ liberal studies ’ components were often accused of being unsympathetic to ‘ the activities of the scientist and technologist ’ .
those who taught the ‘ liberal studies ’ [parts] were often accused of being unsympathetic to ‘ the activities of the scientist and technologist ’ .

Thus the ego is not capable of successful integration with the other components of the psychic apparatus .
thus the ego is not capable of successful integration with the other [parts] of the psychic apparatus .

This is partly because , as indicated earlier , the acquisition of the superego takes place in the modern individual in a different sequence of stages than it did in the culture , and partly because cultural psychological phenomena often present a clearly separated-out picture of their components whereas individual neuroses are often less easy to disentangle .
this is partly because , as indicated earlier , the acquisition of the superego takes place in the modern individual in a different sequence of stages than it did in the culture , and partly because cultural psychological phenomena often present a clearly separated-out picture of their [parts] whereas individual neuroses are often less easy to disentangle .

However , many exporters import the materials and components used in their exported goods rather than buy them locally .
however , many exporters import the materials and [parts] used in their exported goods rather than buy them locally .

What the TNCs spend locally can be broken down into three components , namely wages and salaries , utility and service costs , and material linkages .
what the tncs spend locally can be broken down into three [parts] , namely wages and salaries , utility and service costs , and material linkages .

The purchase of materials and components , backward linkages , is usually in foreign currency , but linkages also have a more general industrial significance in all three Worlds alike .
the purchase of materials and [parts] , backward linkages , is usually in foreign currency , but linkages also have a more general industrial significance in all three worlds alike .

The ideal state of affairs from the point of view of host countries is where foreign firms actually stimulate the creation and growth of the suppliers of their needs , particularly those materials and components that have a high value-added quality , within the local economy , and where the output of these foreign firms goes into the local economy for further processing .
the ideal state of affairs from the point of view of host countries is where foreign firms actually stimulate the creation and growth of the suppliers of their needs , particularly those materials and [parts] that have a high value-added quality , within the local economy , and where the output of these foreign firms goes into the local economy for further processing .

No one familiar with the performance of domestic industry in most countries outside and some inside the First World would be surprised by this but , even so , one might wonder why the figures for local sourcing are quite so low when local materials and components are available .
no one familiar with the performance of domestic industry in most countries outside and some inside the first world would be surprised by this but , even so , one might wonder why the figures for local sourcing are quite so low when local materials and [parts] are available .

The argument is that the First World will contribute the high-value technology and components for the production process , while the Third World will contribute the low-value low skill labour .
the argument is that the first world will contribute the high-value technology and [parts] for the production process , while the third world will contribute the low-value low skill labour .

Many US-owned maquilas claim to be in the market for locally produced materials and components , backward linkages .
many us-owned maquilas claim to be in the market for locally produced materials and [parts] , backward linkages .

The individual components of the Leicester score , Costa scores and components , percentage of skin affected , and diary scores and components were analysed separately with t tests .
the individual [parts] of the leicester score , costa scores and [parts] , percentage of skin affected , and diary scores and [parts] were analysed separately with t tests .

The retinues of other northern lords can also be seen as components of the ducal connection .
the retinues of other northern lords can also be seen as [parts] of the ducal connection .

The pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease is unknown and probably multifactorial , resulting from the interaction of a variety of different genetic , environmental , immunological , metabolical , and bacterial components .
the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease is unknown and probably multifactorial , resulting from the interaction of a variety of different genetic , environmental , immunological , metabolical , and bacterial [parts] .

Under some inflammatory stimuli Ito cells can transform into myofibroblast-like cells , thus increasing the synthesis of the different components of the extracellular matrix .
under some inflammatory stimuli ito cells can transform into myofibroblast-like cells , thus increasing the synthesis of the different [parts] of the extracellular matrix .

— Components specifically purchased for the production of products
— [parts] specifically purchased for the production of products

Coyle Plc at present manufactures ail the components that go to make up its finished products .
coyle plc at present manufactures ail the [parts] that go to make up its finished products .

Components bought in and used in manufacture :
[parts] bought in and used in manufacture :

Purchases budget in terms of components
purchases budget in terms of [parts]

Purchases budget in terms of components :
purchases budget in terms of [parts] :

However , in so far as their purpose is purely redistributive , it seems difficult to provide a rationale for price subsidies or in-kind transfers rather than cash transfers , and yet these latter forms of assistance are extremely important components of public expenditure ( see , e.g .
however , in so far as their purpose is purely redistributive , it seems difficult to provide a rationale for price subsidies or in-kind transfers rather than cash transfers , and yet these latter forms of assistance are extremely important [parts] of public expenditure ( see , e.g .

The diaphragm is placed between components of the lens system .
the diaphragm is placed between [parts] of the lens system .

The partial pressure of component a is given by the ideal gas equation as If we repeat this for all the components and substitute these expressions into equation ( 7 ) we obtain By combining equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) we obtain The quantity is known as the mole fraction of component a .
the partial pressure of component a is given by the ideal gas equation as if we repeat this for all the [parts] and substitute these expressions into equation ( 7 ) we obtain by combining equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) we obtain the quantity is known as the mole fraction of component a .

There are three components of food that provide this energy .
there are three [parts] of food that provide this energy .

The final product may have as many as 40 to 50 different components .
the final product may have as many as 40 to 50 different [parts] .

Phases And Components
phases and [parts]

There is no enthalpy change on mixing of the two components .
there is no enthalpy change on mixing of the two [parts] .

There is no volume change on mixing the two components .
there is no volume change on mixing the two [parts] .

The total pressure of the two components and the partial pressure of the more volatile component increase as the mole fraction of the more volatile component increases .
the total pressure of the two [parts] and the partial pressure of the more volatile component increase as the mole fraction of the more volatile component increases .

When temperature is increased , the partial pressures of both components and the total vapour pressure of the mixture increase .
when temperature is increased , the partial pressures of both [parts] and the total vapour pressure of the mixture increase .

The total vapour pressure of a pair of immiscible liquids is found experimentally to equal the sum of the vapour pressures of the two pure components . Thus
the total vapour pressure of a pair of immiscible liquids is found experimentally to equal the sum of the vapour pressures of the two pure [parts] . thus

Two immiscible liquids are sometimes used as selective solvents for components in a mixture .
two immiscible liquids are sometimes used as selective solvents for [parts] in a mixture .

To do so , the cooling curves are plotted for the two pure components and for mixtures with various compositions of the two components .
to do so , the cooling curves are plotted for the two pure [parts] and for mixtures with various compositions of the two [parts] .

For the two pure components , the curve then flattens out .
for the two pure [parts] , the curve then flattens out .

We saw in the previous section that a solution is a homogeneous mixture of at least two components .
we saw in the previous section that a solution is a homogeneous mixture of at least two [parts] .

Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture .
chromatography is a technique used to separate the [parts] of a mixture .

Both depend on the partition of the components of the mixture between a stationary phase and a mobile phase .
both depend on the partition of the [parts] of the mixture between a stationary phase and a mobile phase .

The components are partitioned between the liquid and the mobile phase .
the [parts] are partitioned between the liquid and the mobile phase .

The mobile phase flows continuously over the stationary phase and as it does so separates the components on the stationary phase .
the mobile phase flows continuously over the stationary phase and as it does so separates the [parts] on the stationary phase .

Distribution of the components between the two phases .
distribution of the [parts] between the two phases .

Separation of the components on or in the stationary phase by a continuous flow of the mobile phase .
separation of the [parts] on or in the stationary phase by a continuous flow of the mobile phase .

Chromatography is particularly useful in organic synthesis in separating and recovering the components of a mixture .
chromatography is particularly useful in organic synthesis in separating and recovering the [parts] of a mixture .

It is used in both quantitative and qualitative analysis to identify separated components of a mixture and also to determine the purity of a substance .
it is used in both quantitative and qualitative analysis to identify separated [parts] of a mixture and also to determine the purity of a substance .

Having fewer suppliers makes it easier to move towards just-in-time delivery of components .
having fewer suppliers makes it easier to move towards just-in-time delivery of [parts] .

There is no longer time to test components as they are delivered .
there is no longer time to test [parts] as they are delivered .

So suppliers must take responsibility for the delivery of fully-tested components .
so suppliers must take responsibility for the delivery of fully-tested [parts] .

Quality is improved and costs reduced if the components are designed with the suppliers ' most efficient manufacturing process in mind .
quality is improved and costs reduced if the [parts] are designed with the suppliers ' most efficient manufacturing process in mind .

In his notable achievement , Gavin discovered that apart from surface tension ( already known ) other components were also responsible for the remarkable adhesion , namely viscosity in wet adhesion , and that each pad was gently peeled away when movement occured .
in his notable achievement , gavin discovered that apart from surface tension ( already known ) other [parts] were also responsible for the remarkable adhesion , namely viscosity in wet adhesion , and that each pad was gently peeled away when movement occured .

Accrediting prior learning and arrangements for workplace training are important components in this exercise and the positive response from our industry members in the participating countries has been particularly heartening .
accrediting prior learning and arrangements for workplace training are important [parts] in this exercise and the positive response from our industry members in the participating countries has been particularly heartening .

Budgets should be built up from their fundamental components ; for example , four staff at £20000 per annum gives staff costs of £80000 .
budgets should be built up from their fundamental [parts] ; for example , four staff at £20000 per annum gives staff costs of £80000 .

In all the exchanges of information during the design stage , frequent reference should be made to the objectives set for the project and the standards of the various components .
in all the exchanges of information during the design stage , frequent reference should be made to the objectives set for the project and the standards of the various [parts] .

In retaliation , Lithuania halted the supply of some manufactured goods to the rest of the Soviet Union ( Lithuania had a near-monopoly in the Soviet Union on the manufacture of certain electrical equipment , electronic components and textiles ) .
in retaliation , lithuania halted the supply of some manufactured goods to the rest of the soviet union ( lithuania had a near-monopoly in the soviet union on the manufacture of certain electrical equipment , electronic [parts] and textiles ) .

He promised additional internal measures , including special courts , secure prisons and special protection for judges , but added that increased international co-operation was needed to spread the financial cost of drug enforcement in order to ensure stricter controls on drug distribution networks , money laundering , and the sale of arms and chemical components .
he promised additional internal measures , including special courts , secure prisons and special protection for judges , but added that increased international co-operation was needed to spread the financial cost of drug enforcement in order to ensure stricter controls on drug distribution networks , money laundering , and the sale of arms and chemical [parts] .

As head of Bell Group International between 1982 and 1988 , he acquired numerous companies and constructed a diverse business empire which included components ranging from heavy industry to light entertainment .
as head of bell group international between 1982 and 1988 , he acquired numerous companies and constructed a diverse business empire which included [parts] ranging from heavy industry to light entertainment .

The first components of a 19-member Council of State , drawn from a wide range of Haitian society to assist the new President , were installed on March 16 .
the first [parts] of a 19-member council of state , drawn from a wide range of haitian society to assist the new president , were installed on march 16 .

Admittedly in public Harold Wilson did his best to argue that Britain did not possess an `` independent `` deterrent with his insistence that the British Polaris force was dependent on some American components and other assistance .
admittedly in public harold wilson did his best to argue that britain did not possess an `` independent `` deterrent with his insistence that the british polaris force was dependent on some american [parts] and other assistance .

Revisions to the individual components of the shortage are not made , but generally it is the estimate for exchequer transactions which is subject to the greatest uncertainty .
revisions to the individual [parts] of the shortage are not made , but generally it is the estimate for exchequer transactions which is subject to the greatest uncertainty .

Both components of each pair represent the extremes ; normality lies somewhere in between .
both [parts] of each pair represent the extremes ; normality lies somewhere in between .

Yet on closer inspection it will be found that they both contain just the same structural components .
yet on closer inspection it will be found that they both contain just the same structural [parts] .

the finished product has been re-designed such that different materials and components will be used ;
the finished product has been re-designed such that different materials and [parts] will be used ;

Components in this context means parts of a product being held with a view to incorporation in a finished product .
[parts] in this context means parts of a product being held with a view to incorporation in a finished product .

Spares service stocks means spare components for sale to customers to repair and service products previously sold by the Company or for use under services contracts .
spares service stocks means spare [parts] for sale to customers to repair and service products previously sold by the company or for use under services contracts .

The micro-electronic automation of the manufacture of metal components is gathering pace , but different levels and methods of computerisation are likely to be adopted .
the micro-electronic automation of the manufacture of metal [parts] is gathering pace , but different levels and methods of computerisation are likely to be adopted .

‘ Open and fair competition ’ is often advocated as a virtue in sub-contracting , a trade relationship between a customer , firm and a supplier of components and materials .
‘ open and fair competition ’ is often advocated as a virtue in sub-contracting , a trade relationship between a customer , firm and a supplier of [parts] and materials .

The relationships between these two components have often been modelled almost as an afterthought , and are frequently represented in an inconsistent fashion .
the relationships between these two [parts] have often been modelled almost as an afterthought , and are frequently represented in an inconsistent fashion .

Large firms generally face a choice between making components and other intermediate products themselves , or buying in from outside — in other words , a decision whether to internalize or externalize a particular stage of production .
large firms generally face a choice between making [parts] and other intermediate products themselves , or buying in from outside — in other words , a decision whether to internalize or externalize a particular stage of production .

However , not all components of public expenditure are committed in advance .
however , not all [parts] of public expenditure are committed in advance .

The remaining components of public expenditure and other instruments of economic policy depend very much on political factors , such as the actions of the incumbent political party , the opposition and other pressure groups , and possibly the onset of a General Election .
the remaining [parts] of public expenditure and other instruments of economic policy depend very much on political factors , such as the actions of the incumbent political party , the opposition and other pressure groups , and possibly the onset of a general election .

There are two principal components : first , to revise the input-output data based on Scottish tables for 1979 , including new absorption , make and final demand allocation matrices ; secondly to update the existing series on the Institute 's modelling databank ( eg family expenditure survey information and series on output , employment and earnings ) .
there are two principal [parts] : first , to revise the input-output data based on scottish tables for 1979 , including new absorption , make and final demand allocation matrices ; secondly to update the existing series on the institute 's modelling databank ( eg family expenditure survey information and series on output , employment and earnings ) .

Crowding out may be of two varieties : either the effect of changes in government spending are immediately and completely offset by opposite changes in other components of aggregate demand , or aggregated demand is in principle increased but immediately is frustrated by supply constraints .
crowding out may be of two varieties : either the effect of changes in government spending are immediately and completely offset by opposite changes in other [parts] of aggregate demand , or aggregated demand is in principle increased but immediately is frustrated by supply constraints .

Men tend to have the technological skills that enable command of technology , women simply to operate equipment or assemble its components .
men tend to have the technological skills that enable command of technology , women simply to operate equipment or assemble its [parts] .

whether different sorts of poor people degrade or improve various components of the environment to different degrees or in different ways ; and
whether different sorts of poor people degrade or improve various [parts] of the environment to different degrees or in different ways ; and

These two components were studied by an interview survey ; the was composed of one third unemployed and two thirds employed members of the two localities .
these two [parts] were studied by an interview survey ; the was composed of one third unemployed and two thirds employed members of the two localities .

a particular focus on how and how far central-local relations are a means of articulating service policies ( objectives , goals and service paradigms ) — as opposed to resource controls , financing planning ( capital and revenue ) , and capital project design specifications — and the interaction of these different components of central-local relations ;
a particular focus on how and how far central-local relations are a means of articulating service policies ( objectives , goals and service paradigms ) — as opposed to resource controls , financing planning ( capital and revenue ) , and capital project design specifications — and the interaction of these different [parts] of central-local relations ;

The project has three main components .
the project has three main [parts] .

Over the last decade major changes have taken place in the structure of higher education and in the interconnections between its main components .
over the last decade major changes have taken place in the structure of higher education and in the interconnections between its main [parts] .

This interest is reflected in the National Curriculum for Science which devotes one of its major components to this type of work .
this interest is reflected in the national curriculum for science which devotes one of its major [parts] to this type of work .

In addition , it will seek to analyse the most effective components of the planning process and to identify their implications for school managers .
in addition , it will seek to analyse the most effective [parts] of the planning process and to identify their implications for school managers .

For each of these components of primary education the investigator is concerned to improve the quality of initial training .
for each of these [parts] of primary education the investigator is concerned to improve the quality of initial training .

The research will involve three main components :
the research will involve three main [parts] :

The three components will enable the assessment of wider social , economic , and environmental objectives , as well as an assessment of the impact of an individual initiative .
the three [parts] will enable the assessment of wider social , economic , and environmental objectives , as well as an assessment of the impact of an individual initiative .

It also places demands on the suppliers of a wide range of building materials and components , resulting in a significant multiplier effect on regional employment and business activity .
it also places demands on the suppliers of a wide range of building materials and [parts] , resulting in a significant multiplier effect on regional employment and business activity .

the implications of the supply of materials and components ;
the implications of the supply of materials and [parts] ;

Each year bodies apply for grant aid towards the costs of their annual programmes in advance of the commencement of their financial years . The application process has several components :
each year bodies apply for grant aid towards the costs of their annual programmes in advance of the commencement of their financial years . the application process has several [parts] :

These components should each bear reference to the development plan .
these [parts] should each bear reference to the development plan .

Since the earliest days of stepping motor development a large number of designs have appeared , but it was soon realised that if the motor is to produce a significant torque from a reasonable volume then both the stationary and rotating components must have large numbers of iron teeth , which must be able to carry a substantial magnetic flux .
since the earliest days of stepping motor development a large number of designs have appeared , but it was soon realised that if the motor is to produce a significant torque from a reasonable volume then both the stationary and rotating [parts] must have large numbers of iron teeth , which must be able to carry a substantial magnetic flux .

This switched supply introduces a non-linearity , which can be eliminated by considering only the fundamental components of voltage and current .
this switched supply introduces a non-linearity , which can be eliminated by considering only the fundamental [parts] of voltage and current .

It must be emphasised that this phasor diagram applies only to the fundamental current component and that the complete phase current waveform contains many other higher frequency components , which do not contribute to the torque produced by the motor .
it must be emphasised that this phasor diagram applies only to the fundamental current component and that the complete phase current waveform contains many other higher frequency [parts] , which do not contribute to the torque produced by the motor .

Having established the phasor relationship between the fundamental components of phase voltage and current , the pull-out torque can be found directly .
having established the phasor relationship between the fundamental [parts] of phase voltage and current , the pull-out torque can be found directly .

The mechanical output power per phase is simply the product of the phase current and the induced voltage ( Fitzgerald and Kingsley , 1952 ) : As the system is assumed to have an inertia large enough to prevent significant changes in velocity , the time.varying components of mechanical output power are of no interest and only the first term of Eqn .
the mechanical output power per phase is simply the product of the phase current and the induced voltage ( fitzgerald and kingsley , 1952 ) : as the system is assumed to have an inertia large enough to prevent significant changes in velocity , the time.varying [parts] of mechanical output power are of no interest and only the first term of eqn .

The analysis can be simplified by concentrating on the d.c. and fundamental components of voltage and current .
the analysis can be simplified by concentrating on the d.c. and fundamental [parts] of voltage and current .

Similarly the phase current can be approximated by its d.c. and fundamental components : where a is a phase angle .
similarly the phase current can be approximated by its d.c. and fundamental [parts] : where a is a phase angle .

The relationship between the fundamental and d.c. components of current and voltage can be obtained from the phase voltage equation : Substituting from Eqns .
the relationship between the fundamental and d.c. [parts] of current and voltage can be obtained from the phase voltage equation : substituting from eqns .

There is a broad similarity between the equation linking the fundamental voltage and current components in the variable-reluctance motor ( 5.27 ) and the phase voltage equation for the hybrid motor ( 5.9 ) .
there is a broad similarity between the equation linking the fundamental voltage and current [parts] in the variable-reluctance motor ( 5.27 ) and the phase voltage equation for the hybrid motor ( 5.9 ) .

The instantaneous torque produced by one phase of a variable-reluctance motor is , in the absence of magnetic saturation , proportional to the square of phase current and the rate of change of inductance with rotor position ( Fitzgerald and Kingsley , 1952 ) : If the phase current is approximated by its d.c. and fundamental components then substituting into Eqn .
the instantaneous torque produced by one phase of a variable-reluctance motor is , in the absence of magnetic saturation , proportional to the square of phase current and the rate of change of inductance with rotor position ( fitzgerald and kingsley , 1952 ) : if the phase current is approximated by its d.c. and fundamental [parts] then substituting into eqn .

( 5.17 ) , ( 5.20 ) and ( 5.25 ) : The constant component of torque in this expression arises from the product of the w terms in the two factors : and this has a maximum value when a = 0 , giving a pull-out torque at low speeds : This is a contribution of the d.c. and fundamental current components to the pull-out torque .
( 5.17 ) , ( 5.20 ) and ( 5.25 ) : the constant component of torque in this expression arises from the product of the w terms in the two factors : and this has a maximum value when a = 0 , giving a pull-out torque at low speeds : this is a contribution of the d.c. and fundamental current [parts] to the pull-out torque .

The magnitude of this contribution can be calculated for any excitation scheme by expressing the current components in terms of the rated winding current using a Fourier analysis of the waveform .
the magnitude of this contribution can be calculated for any excitation scheme by expressing the current [parts] in terms of the rated winding current using a fourier analysis of the waveform .

The total torque , when all current components are considered , can be found by evaluating Eqn .
the total torque , when all current [parts] are considered , can be found by evaluating eqn .

With the half-stepping excitation scheme , for example , the pull-out torque is predicted precisely from the d.c. and fundamental current components .
with the half-stepping excitation scheme , for example , the pull-out torque is predicted precisely from the d.c. and fundamental current [parts] .

If one-phase-on excitation is used , however , the pull-out torque obtained from the d.c. and fundamental components must be multiplied by 1.5 to give the exact pull-out torque .
if one-phase-on excitation is used , however , the pull-out torque obtained from the d.c. and fundamental [parts] must be multiplied by 1.5 to give the exact pull-out torque .

Having established the torque correction factors for the common excitation schemes of a three.phase motor and illustrated the method by which the factor may be found for motors with larger numbers of phases , we can now consider how the pull-out torque produced by the d.c. and fundamental current components varies with stepping rate .
having established the torque correction factors for the common excitation schemes of a three.phase motor and illustrated the method by which the factor may be found for motors with larger numbers of phases , we can now consider how the pull-out torque produced by the d.c. and fundamental current [parts] varies with stepping rate .

The similarity between the phasor diagrams for the fundamental current components in the hybrid ( Fig .
the similarity between the phasor diagrams for the fundamental current [parts] in the hybrid ( fig .

In the motor/drive parameters are : and the pull-out torque from the d.c. and fundamental current components is therefore .
in the motor/drive parameters are : and the pull-out torque from the d.c. and fundamental current [parts] is therefore .

As the boundaries of the relevant area are straight lines it can be evaluated quite simply : and so the average torque can be found from : To allow for slight changes in the load torque , due to wear of the components during the system 's working life , the constant frequency clock would be set between 90 and 100 steps .
as the boundaries of the relevant area are straight lines it can be evaluated quite simply : and so the average torque can be found from : to allow for slight changes in the load torque , due to wear of the [parts] during the system 's working life , the constant frequency clock would be set between 90 and 100 steps .

The advantage of this software/hardware combination is that both components are quite simple .
the advantage of this software/hardware combination is that both [parts] are quite simple .

Smaller components fall together into the mould in such a way that a duplicate of the mould is made .
smaller [parts] fall together into the mould in such a way that a duplicate of the mould is made .

He said it contained engine components .
he said it contained engine [parts] .

All too frequently , as well , cemeteries have been examined in isolation from other components of the plan .
all too frequently , as well , cemeteries have been examined in isolation from other [parts] of the plan .

Although only around one-third as important as consumption in total aggregate demand , investment is arguably one of its most significant components .
although only around one-third as important as consumption in total aggregate demand , investment is arguably one of its most significant [parts] .

Yet in another sense they are similar , both being components of aggregate demand , i.e .
yet in another sense they are similar , both being [parts] of aggregate demand , i.e .

Gross Domestic Fixed Capital Formation is so heterogeneous that any explanation must address itself to particular components .
gross domestic fixed capital formation is so heterogeneous that any explanation must address itself to particular [parts] .

Figure 15.5 indicates a dramatic fall in capital expenditure ( including lending to nationalized industries ) as a percentage of general government expenditure , compared with other components which continued to grow steadily .
figure 15.5 indicates a dramatic fall in capital expenditure ( including lending to nationalized industries ) as a percentage of general government expenditure , compared with other [parts] which continued to grow steadily .

Oiling the wheels , smoothing the path — very necessary components which pay dividends .
oiling the wheels , smoothing the path — very necessary [parts] which pay dividends .

Searching endless suppliers for individual components is time consuming and expensive .
searching endless suppliers for individual [parts] is time consuming and expensive .

You must also take full responsibility for your choice of components and their suitability for the job .
you must also take full responsibility for your choice of [parts] and their suitability for the job .

Your new computer , however , is not yet ready for use — you have to run a setup program to tell the machine which components are installed .
your new computer , however , is not yet ready for use — you have to run a setup program to tell the machine which [parts] are installed .

Dusts acts as a thermal insulator which prevents efficient cooling of the components and results ultimately in failure due to overheating .
dusts acts as a thermal insulator which prevents efficient cooling of the [parts] and results ultimately in failure due to overheating .

Over a period of time circuit boards and chips creep out of their sockets as different components cool and heat up at different rates .
over a period of time circuit boards and chips creep out of their sockets as different [parts] cool and heat up at different rates .

Physical stresses caused by expansion and contraction can damage components .
physical stresses caused by expansion and contraction can damage [parts] .

To maximise performance at a given application it is necessary to choose components carefully — and if you are considering upgrades this again needs to be kept in mind .
to maximise performance at a given application it is necessary to choose [parts] carefully — and if you are considering upgrades this again needs to be kept in mind .

It seems obvious that you should buy the most powerful motherboard that you can afford but do n't make the mistake of buying something out of keeping with the re-used components or you will be looking to replace those too in a few months !
it seems obvious that you should buy the most powerful motherboard that you can afford but do n't make the mistake of buying something out of keeping with the re-used [parts] or you will be looking to replace those too in a few months !

All the components of this dialogue box can be freely positioned to produce a custom box for building your own applications within Quatro Pro .
all the [parts] of this dialogue box can be freely positioned to produce a custom box for building your own applications within quatro pro .

At this stage the components are merely objects , but , once you are happy with the layout , one click on the lightning icon , brings the dialogue box to life .
at this stage the [parts] are merely objects , but , once you are happy with the layout , one click on the lightning icon , brings the dialogue box to life .

Fitting the new components is a little more difficult than removing the old ones .
fitting the new [parts] is a little more difficult than removing the old ones .

Most Computer components are static sensitive .
most computer [parts] are static sensitive .

Always work on a earthed surface and touch the ground plane before touching any components .
always work on a earthed surface and touch the ground plane before touching any [parts] .

This too is worth a try if it 's not obvious what else might be amiss , but you have to be very careful when dusting off the components .
this too is worth a try if it 's not obvious what else might be amiss , but you have to be very careful when dusting off the [parts] .

The final add-in is unique to Symphony as it a memory management tool that lets you temporarily turn off its currently unused components in order to increase the memory available .
the final add-in is unique to symphony as it a memory management tool that lets you temporarily turn off its currently unused [parts] in order to increase the memory available .

VidiPC 12 sequentially samples the red , green and blue components of the video signal .
vidipc 12 sequentially samples the red , green and blue [parts] of the video signal .

The next stage is to extend the approval to cover the repair and overhaul of engine components which will involve the new component repair facility at Kirkhill .
the next stage is to extend the approval to cover the repair and overhaul of engine [parts] which will involve the new component repair facility at kirkhill .

Since then we have invested £1.5 million in new premises , plant and equipment and we now have the facilities and capabilities to service valves , wellheads , high speed rotating equipment and heavy frame turbine components in the area .
since then we have invested £1.5 million in new premises , plant and equipment and we now have the facilities and capabilities to service valves , wellheads , high speed rotating equipment and heavy frame turbine [parts] in the area .

Provided that there is a good acoustic path between the process and the receiving sensors , there is no need to install any components inside the plant .
provided that there is a good acoustic path between the process and the receiving sensors , there is no need to install any [parts] inside the plant .

Indeed , its individual components are already coming to market as separate portable products .
indeed , its individual [parts] are already coming to market as separate portable products .

Try something like this : Relativity fitted naturally with Maxwell 's electromagnetism , explaining for example why the electromagnetic field around a charge apparently at rest is purely electrostatic , but that around a moving charge ( or an electric current ) has magnetic components as well .
try something like this : relativity fitted naturally with maxwell 's electromagnetism , explaining for example why the electromagnetic field around a charge apparently at rest is purely electrostatic , but that around a moving charge ( or an electric current ) has magnetic [parts] as well .

The quantum theory of an atom requires that each of its components , its electrons for example , should be dealt with separately , but at worst there is only a finite number of them .
the quantum theory of an atom requires that each of its [parts] , its electrons for example , should be dealt with separately , but at worst there is only a finite number of them .

The activity of pancreatic lipase is inhibited by a number of components in the small intestine , among them bile salts , secreted by the gall bladder .
the activity of pancreatic lipase is inhibited by a number of [parts] in the small intestine , among them bile salts , secreted by the gall bladder .

The inhibitory effect of these components is overcome by colipase , a small protein also secreted by the exocrine pancreas , which binds to the non-catalytic carboxy-terminal domain of the enzyme ( purple in the figure ) .
the inhibitory effect of these [parts] is overcome by colipase , a small protein also secreted by the exocrine pancreas , which binds to the non-catalytic carboxy-terminal domain of the enzyme ( purple in the figure ) .

the motion of the components about their equilibrium positions remains unchanged on mixing .
the motion of the [parts] about their equilibrium positions remains unchanged on mixing .

This change arises from the differences in size between the components which would normally mean mole fractions close to unity for the solvent especially when dilute solutions are being studied .
this change arises from the differences in size between the [parts] which would normally mean mole fractions close to unity for the solvent especially when dilute solutions are being studied .

It is now accepted that a non-combinatorial entropy contribution arises from the formation of new ( 1–2 ) contacts in the mixture which change the vibrational frequencies of the two components , i.e .
it is now accepted that a non-combinatorial entropy contribution arises from the formation of new ( 1–2 ) contacts in the mixture which change the vibrational frequencies of the two [parts] , i.e .

The problem of how to accommodate , in a theoretical framework , the existence of two miscibility gaps requires a new approach , and a more elaborate treatment by Prigogine and co-workers encompasses the difference in size between the components of a mixture , which can not be ignored for polymer solutions .
the problem of how to accommodate , in a theoretical framework , the existence of two miscibility gaps requires a new approach , and a more elaborate treatment by prigogine and co-workers encompasses the difference in size between the [parts] of a mixture , which can not be ignored for polymer solutions .

In the constant search for new materials with improved performance , the idea of mixing two or more different polymers to form new substances having a combination of all the attributes of the components , is deceptively attractive .
in the constant search for new materials with improved performance , the idea of mixing two or more different polymers to form new substances having a combination of all the attributes of the [parts] , is deceptively attractive .

This entropic contribution is progressively reduced when one or both components increase in size , and the reason for this becomes obvious on inspection of equation ( 8.24 ) .
this entropic contribution is progressively reduced when one or both [parts] increase in size , and the reason for this becomes obvious on inspection of equation ( 8.24 ) .

When a polymer dissolves in a liquid , the interaction of the two components stimulates an increase in polymer dimensions over that in the unsolvated state .
when a polymer dissolves in a liquid , the interaction of the two [parts] stimulates an increase in polymer dimensions over that in the unsolvated state .

This shows that is composed of two frequency dependent components ; is the real part in phase with the strain called the storage modulus , and is the loss modulus defined as the ratio of the component 90° out of phase with the stress to the stress itself .
this shows that is composed of two frequency dependent [parts] ; is the real part in phase with the strain called the storage modulus , and is the loss modulus defined as the ratio of the component 90° out of phase with the stress to the stress itself .

Noise suppression and filtering involve the amplification or the removal of some of the components of the image data .
noise suppression and filtering involve the amplification or the removal of some of the [parts] of the image data .

This way of modelling the scale components of an image should be compared with the Trend Surface model described in Section 3.5.3 .
this way of modelling the scale [parts] of an image should be compared with the trend surface model described in section 3.5.3 .

In this context a system is defined to be a set of inter-related components together with the relationships between them ( Huggett , 1980 ) .
in this context a system is defined to be a set of inter-related [parts] together with the relationships between them ( huggett , 1980 ) .

specification of the properties of and relationships between the components of the model ,
specification of the properties of and relationships between the [parts] of the model ,

It does , however , represent a basic structure which can be extended and refined by , for example , subdividing the population into urban and rural components or considering the interactions between populations of several regions .
it does , however , represent a basic structure which can be extended and refined by , for example , subdividing the population into urban and rural [parts] or considering the interactions between populations of several regions .

Figure 6.8 The components and processes of the hydrological cycle .
figure 6.8 the [parts] and processes of the hydrological cycle .

Figure 6.9 Flow diagram representing a model of the interrelationships between the processes and components of the hydrological cycle .
figure 6.9 flow diagram representing a model of the interrelationships between the processes and [parts] of the hydrological cycle .

Various parameters of the mathematical model , which represents the relationships between system components , are modified until real-world and simulation model behaviour agree as closely as possible .
various parameters of the mathematical model , which represents the relationships between system [parts] , are modified until real-world and simulation model behaviour agree as closely as possible .

At some stage of manufacture the new product must be assembled from its components .
at some stage of manufacture the new product must be assembled from its [parts] .

These start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .
these start with the raw material and smallest [parts] , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .

It is unlikely that any company would find it an economic proposition to make all the components it embodies in its products .
it is unlikely that any company would find it an economic proposition to make all the [parts] it embodies in its products .

The secret of a long day of battle was fitting the components together : the state of caution ; the state of preparedness ; the state of uncaring action ; the state of elation ; the state of waiting ; so that each stage matched the others in sureness and strength , with every thread of body and mind strung to its finest pitch ready to sing to the touch , from one night 's sleep until the next , or until death itself .
the secret of a long day of battle was fitting the [parts] together : the state of caution ; the state of preparedness ; the state of uncaring action ; the state of elation ; the state of waiting ; so that each stage matched the others in sureness and strength , with every thread of body and mind strung to its finest pitch ready to sing to the touch , from one night 's sleep until the next , or until death itself .

Ensure that all the attributes are atomic ( that is , in the smallest possible components ) .
ensure that all the attributes are atomic ( that is , in the smallest possible [parts] ) .

Once you really start to think of the components that can be changed in a room without too much ado you can come up with any number of ideas for a change of style , or more important , for adding style where none existed before .
once you really start to think of the [parts] that can be changed in a room without too much ado you can come up with any number of ideas for a change of style , or more important , for adding style where none existed before .

The Components of the Secondary Radiation
the [parts] of the secondary radiation

‘ The model presented here predicts bidirectional reflectance properties of a canopy traceable to the geometric and spectral properties of identifiable canopy components .
‘ the model presented here predicts bidirectional reflectance properties of a canopy traceable to the geometric and spectral properties of identifiable canopy [parts] .

Within each layer , the components of the canopy are considered to be randomly distributed and homogeneously mixed .
within each layer , the [parts] of the canopy are considered to be randomly distributed and homogeneously mixed .

Data from Landsat-1 were used to compare three plant canopy models for extracting plant , soil and shadow reflectance components of cropped fields .
data from landsat-1 were used to compare three plant canopy models for extracting plant , soil and shadow reflectance [parts] of cropped fields .

the individual components of a system are intelligently partitioned , allowing each module to see all and only the input it requires ) then the modification is greatly simplified .
the individual [parts] of a system are intelligently partitioned , allowing each module to see all and only the input it requires ) then the modification is greatly simplified .

The morphological processor described in chapter 3 is used for a number of the post-processing components ( compound recognition and semantic processing ) of the current system .
the morphological processor described in chapter 3 is used for a number of the post-processing [parts] ( compound recognition and semantic processing ) of the current system .

And one of their main components was human excrement , since few houses have toilets in the poorer zones .
and one of their main [parts] was human excrement , since few houses have toilets in the poorer zones .

Take China : in 1984 it imported $ 300 million worth of components to make 120,000 computers .
take china : in 1984 it imported $ 300 million worth of [parts] to make 120,000 computers .

New Right population ideology has two distinct components : the economic and the moral .
new right population ideology has two distinct [parts] : the economic and the moral .

In fact there is no logical connection between the moral and economic components — Simon himself is not against abortion .
in fact there is no logical connection between the moral and economic [parts] — simon himself is not against abortion .

From multi-sectoral operational components to the cross-cultural implementation of paradigm shifts .
from multi-sectoral operational [parts] to the cross-cultural implementation of paradigm shifts .

The implementation of key targets as operational components of the new strategy — and hence also of the process of negotiation — may be conceived in the time frame of a decade but only in the form of a dynamic process , with different time frames for different components , and with an in-built and effective mechanism for review and reappraisal , leading to adjustments and correctives whenever the strategy is seen to deflect from the goals and objectives of development for which it was devised .
the implementation of key targets as operational [parts] of the new strategy — and hence also of the process of negotiation — may be conceived in the time frame of a decade but only in the form of a dynamic process , with different time frames for different [parts] , and with an in-built and effective mechanism for review and reappraisal , leading to adjustments and correctives whenever the strategy is seen to deflect from the goals and objectives of development for which it was devised .

It should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .
it should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational [parts] , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .

Any sensible policy concerned with reducing crime — crime can never be abolished — needs three components .
any sensible policy concerned with reducing crime — crime can never be abolished — needs three [parts] .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the two essential components for a policy of nuclear deterrence are that one possesses the capability and that a potential enemy does not doubt one 's willingness to use it in order to defend oneself ? Does he agree that a few weasel words in a newspaper do not constitute a policy of nuclear deterrence , particularly when the leader of that party has stated clearly that he would never use nuclear weapons , even if Britain were under nuclear attack ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the two essential [parts] for a policy of nuclear deterrence are that one possesses the capability and that a potential enemy does not doubt one 's willingness to use it in order to defend oneself ? does he agree that a few weasel words in a newspaper do not constitute a policy of nuclear deterrence , particularly when the leader of that party has stated clearly that he would never use nuclear weapons , even if britain were under nuclear attack ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if there are currently any contracts with the Atomic Energy Authority for research into the fabrication of weapons components using plutonium ; and whether any such work has been carried out at Harwell .
to ask the secretary of state for defence if there are currently any contracts with the atomic energy authority for research into the fabrication of weapons [parts] using plutonium ; and whether any such work has been carried out at harwell .

But what the Opposition call a modernised valuation system has more components than a car manufactured in the constituency of the hon .
but what the opposition call a modernised valuation system has more [parts] than a car manufactured in the constituency of the hon .

Last week , the Liberal Democrats published proposals for breaking up British Telecom into a number of components to provide effective and proper competition , and create regional corporate headquarters of benefit to our regions , which find that massive monopolies concentrate their headquarters elsewhere in the country — by definition , in one place .
last week , the liberal democrats published proposals for breaking up british telecom into a number of [parts] to provide effective and proper competition , and create regional corporate headquarters of benefit to our regions , which find that massive monopolies concentrate their headquarters elsewhere in the country — by definition , in one place .

That is where Britain , China , France , the United States and the components of what was the Soviet Union have a clear responsibility .
that is where britain , china , france , the united states and the [parts] of what was the soviet union have a clear responsibility .

Some of the components of ‘ North Star ’ survived and were incorporated in a non-working replica built for the Stockton and Darlington centenary .
some of the [parts] of ‘ north star ’ survived and were incorporated in a non-working replica built for the stockton and darlington centenary .

Physical examples include equipment designed to make components that will fit into the product of only one buyer ( for example , exhausts for Rolls-Royce cars ) or dispensing machines that can handle packsizes peculiar to one supplier .
physical examples include equipment designed to make [parts] that will fit into the product of only one buyer ( for example , exhausts for rolls-royce cars ) or dispensing machines that can handle packsizes peculiar to one supplier .

The estimation of components of variance plays an important part in the analysis of multi-level datasets .
the estimation of [parts] of variance plays an important part in the analysis of multi-level datasets .

Components of variance are needed to obtain efficient estimates of mean effects ; to provide valid estimates of standard errors ; and to identify the magnitude of sources of variation in surveys .
[parts] of variance are needed to obtain efficient estimates of mean effects ; to provide valid estimates of standard errors ; and to identify the magnitude of sources of variation in surveys .

It appears that only particular components of the reading process are susceptible to impairment by the irrelevant speech , and the research aims to specify these .
it appears that only particular [parts] of the reading process are susceptible to impairment by the irrelevant speech , and the research aims to specify these .

Meta-deduction depends on two components : an ability to make deductions , and an ability to construct reasoning strategies .
meta-deduction depends on two [parts] : an ability to make deductions , and an ability to construct reasoning strategies .

If you are installing central heating , you can buy pre-insulated cylinders with various central heating components ( such as the pump , motorised valve , thermostat and programmer ) already pre-plumbed and pre-wired in place .
if you are installing central heating , you can buy pre-insulated cylinders with various central heating [parts] ( such as the pump , motorised valve , thermostat and programmer ) already pre-plumbed and pre-wired in place .

To allow the hot water to expand as it heats up , an expansion vessel is fitted ( together with an expansion relief valve in case the vessel should fail ) , and to provide protection against overheating three levels of safety must be built in — thermostat , energy cut-out and temperature/ pressure relief valve . The drawing shows the main components :
to allow the hot water to expand as it heats up , an expansion vessel is fitted ( together with an expansion relief valve in case the vessel should fail ) , and to provide protection against overheating three levels of safety must be built in — thermostat , energy cut-out and temperature/ pressure relief valve . the drawing shows the main [parts] :

Despite the fact that unvented hot water cylinders often come with all the components pre-fitted to the hot water cylinder , the Building Regulations require the use of an ‘ Approved Installer ’ — which means someone who has been on a proper training course .
despite the fact that unvented hot water cylinders often come with all the [parts] pre-fitted to the hot water cylinder , the building regulations require the use of an ‘ approved installer ’ — which means someone who has been on a proper training course .

Nowadays , the U-bend type of trap is known as a P-trap and is invariably made from plastic , as are all the components of a modern waste system .
nowadays , the u-bend type of trap is known as a p-trap and is invariably made from plastic , as are all the [parts] of a modern waste system .

The principles of installing a rainwater system are the same whatever the material , but the components you use and the methods for joining them together will vary both with the material and , for plastic systems , with the brand you use .
the principles of installing a rainwater system are the same whatever the material , but the [parts] you use and the methods for joining them together will vary both with the material and , for plastic systems , with the brand you use .

In practice the application of recall and precision in the evaluation of indexes is hindered by the difficulty of evaluating some of the components in the definition .
in practice the application of recall and precision in the evaluation of indexes is hindered by the difficulty of evaluating some of the [parts] in the definition .

This chapter considers each of these components of a classification scheme in turn .
this chapter considers each of these [parts] of a classification scheme in turn .

Matter — constituent materials , for example , metals , plastics , components .
matter — constituent materials , for example , metals , plastics , [parts] .

In major enumerative schemes , synthesis is often controlled by careful instructions regarding citation order and the way in which the notation for complex subjects is to be built up from its components .
in major enumerative schemes , synthesis is often controlled by careful instructions regarding citation order and the way in which the notation for complex subjects is to be built up from its [parts] .

The underlying problems of the subject approach , the components of the indexing process and some concepts which facilitate its discussion have already been introduced in Chapter 12 .
the underlying problems of the subject approach , the [parts] of the indexing process and some concepts which facilitate its discussion have already been introduced in chapter 12 .

And imagine that this economist is not working within the rational expectations framework and so makes no distinction between the predictable and unpredictable components of the money supply .
and imagine that this economist is not working within the rational expectations framework and so makes no distinction between the predictable and unpredictable [parts] of the money supply .

So including current and lagged total money growth in the output equation and testing the null hypothesis that the coefficients on these variables are all zero is exactly equivalent to including current and lagged predictable components of money growth in the output equation and testing for zero coefficients on these variables .
so including current and lagged total money growth in the output equation and testing the null hypothesis that the coefficients on these variables are all zero is exactly equivalent to including current and lagged predictable [parts] of money growth in the output equation and testing for zero coefficients on these variables .

If there are m molecules in the unit cell , each of the internal motions of the molecule will give rise to m components .
if there are m molecules in the unit cell , each of the internal motions of the molecule will give rise to m [parts] .

The activities of these components depend on their symmetries just as the activities of internal vibrations of the molecules are related to their symmetries ( see Section 5.7 ) .
the activities of these [parts] depend on their symmetries just as the activities of internal vibrations of the molecules are related to their symmetries ( see section 5.7 ) .

In a Raman spectrum , the intensity of a band depends on the squares of the derivatives of components of the polarizability tensor , .
in a raman spectrum , the intensity of a band depends on the squares of the derivatives of [parts] of the polarizability tensor , .

The components of an electronically degenerate state will be split in a magnetic field by the Zeeman effect , if the ground and/or excited states possess non-zero angular momentum m j ; there is differential absorption of right- and left-circularly polarized light by the components of different m j .
the [parts] of an electronically degenerate state will be split in a magnetic field by the zeeman effect , if the ground and/or excited states possess non-zero angular momentum m j ; there is differential absorption of right- and left-circularly polarized light by the [parts] of different m j .

Given the uncertainty that surrounds the entitlement to means-tested benefits , one might expect the individuals to attach different weights to different components of the total income in the optimisation ( Jenkins and Millar , 1989 ) .
given the uncertainty that surrounds the entitlement to means-tested benefits , one might expect the individuals to attach different weights to different [parts] of the total income in the optimisation ( jenkins and millar , 1989 ) .

5.1.2 Components and petrofabrics
5.1.2 [parts] and petrofabrics

The general fabric of a sedimentary rock will depend on three major components :
the general fabric of a sedimentary rock will depend on three major [parts] :

The combination of these three components forms the fabric of any sedimentary rock . Using a more genetic approach , however , petrofabrics are divided into two major types , each the result of different processes :
the combination of these three [parts] forms the fabric of any sedimentary rock . using a more genetic approach , however , petrofabrics are divided into two major types , each the result of different processes :

The modal composition of a sediment is a measure of the proportions of the different major depositional components . These have three end members ;
the modal composition of a sediment is a measure of the proportions of the different major depositional [parts] . these have three end members ;

detrital , dominantly siliciclastic ( or terrigenous ) components derived from outside the depositional area ,
detrital , dominantly siliciclastic ( or terrigenous ) [parts] derived from outside the depositional area ,

allochemical components produced within , or adjacent to , the depositional area , and
allochemical [parts] produced within , or adjacent to , the depositional area , and

ortho-chemical components resulting from chemical precipitation within the area .
ortho-chemical [parts] resulting from chemical precipitation within the area .

Five major classes of sedimentary rock are defined using a triangular plot of these components ( Fig .
five major classes of sedimentary rock are defined using a triangular plot of these [parts] ( fig .

Six ( or more ) additional keys can be marked for different components within the section .
six ( or more ) additional keys can be marked for different [parts] within the section .

Several traverses are made for each thin section , and a total of some 250 — 300 points per section need to be counted to obtain sufficiently accurate percentages of the components present .
several traverses are made for each thin section , and a total of some 250 — 300 points per section need to be counted to obtain sufficiently accurate percentages of the [parts] present .

Each of the major components of a sedimentary rock ( Fig .
each of the major [parts] of a sedimentary rock ( fig .

Expression of modal composition is commonly shown on a triangular diagram , using three appropriate major components ( Fig .
expression of modal composition is commonly shown on a triangular diagram , using three appropriate major [parts] ( fig .

Modal compositions have commonly been used by sandstone or carbonate petrographers but Zuffa ( 1986 ) has demonstrated the importance of consideration of siliciclastic plus detailed carbonate components .
modal compositions have commonly been used by sandstone or carbonate petrographers but zuffa ( 1986 ) has demonstrated the importance of consideration of siliciclastic plus detailed carbonate [parts] .

At each stage , the children will be assessed against appropriate attainment targets , which are to be grouped for the purpose into a small number ( the Task Group recommended no more than four ) of profile components , which will reflect the range of knowledge , skills and understanding the subject encompasses .
at each stage , the children will be assessed against appropriate attainment targets , which are to be grouped for the purpose into a small number ( the task group recommended no more than four ) of profile [parts] , which will reflect the range of knowledge , skills and understanding the subject encompasses .

The proper time interval ds between events in space–time with coordinate separation is then given by the quadratic metric equation where the components of the metric tensor are functions of the position and time .
the proper time interval ds between events in space–time with coordinate separation is then given by the quadratic metric equation where the [parts] of the metric tensor are functions of the position and time .

The components of the momentum ( or any other local four-vector at the same event ) will have to behave under general transformations just like the components ; using eqn ( 5.1 ) .
the [parts] of the momentum ( or any other local four-vector at the same event ) will have to behave under general transformations just like the [parts] ; using eqn ( 5.1 ) .

5.2 . Vector and covector components
5.2 . vector and covector [parts]

Thus far all vectors have been written in terms of the familiar vector components , e.g .
thus far all vectors have been written in terms of the familiar vector [parts] , e.g .

Other components , called covector components , will now be introduced .
other [parts] , called covector [parts] , will now be introduced .

The components of a conservative force are given by where φ is the potential , which is a scalar function of position only .
the [parts] of a conservative force are given by where φ is the potential , which is a scalar function of position only .

Thus the effect of a transformation on the components of f is given by .
thus the effect of a transformation on the [parts] of f is given by .

Components which transform in this new way are called covariant components ; they are written with a subscript .
[parts] which transform in this new way are called covariant [parts] ; they are written with a subscript .

Components that transform in the manner of eqn ( 5.1 ) are called vector or contravariant components .
[parts] that transform in the manner of eqn ( 5.1 ) are called vector or contravariant [parts] .

The f are the components of the gradient of φ , and so a useful physical view is that covector components make up a gradient .
the f are the [parts] of the gradient of φ , and so a useful physical view is that covector [parts] make up a gradient .

At any location on the curve the components make up a tangent vector , and this transforms according to eqn ( 5.1 ) .
at any location on the curve the [parts] make up a tangent vector , and this transforms according to eqn ( 5.1 ) .

Therefore a physical interpretation of vector components is that they make up a tangent .
therefore a physical interpretation of vector [parts] is that they make up a tangent .

Next we shall show that any vector can be expressed in terms of either its vector or covector components .
next we shall show that any vector can be expressed in terms of either its vector or covector [parts] .

In other words the are the covector components of .
in other words the are the covector [parts] of .

The operation given by eqn ( 5.5 ) is a general way of generating covector components from vector components .
the operation given by eqn ( 5.5 ) is a general way of generating covector [parts] from vector [parts] .

The simplest examples of higher-rank tensors can be formed by taking products of components of vectors .
the simplest examples of higher-rank tensors can be formed by taking products of [parts] of vectors .

Suppose that are vector and covector components .
suppose that are vector and covector [parts] .

For covector components .
for covector [parts] .

This principle postulated by Einstein has two components .
this principle postulated by einstein has two [parts] .

In geometrical terms the are the gradient components and the the curvature components of the path .
in geometrical terms the are the gradient [parts] and the the curvature [parts] of the path .

Therefore is much larger than the derivatives of space components and in addition .
therefore is much larger than the derivatives of space [parts] and in addition .

Thus the dominant components of the geodesic equation are provided that the are not all negligible .
thus the dominant [parts] of the geodesic equation are provided that the are not all negligible .

Thus , provided that the are not negligible the dominant components of the geodesic equation in the classical limit are .
thus , provided that the are not negligible the dominant [parts] of the geodesic equation in the classical limit are .

In Section 4.3 the correspondence between the metric components and the Newtonian gravitational potential was noted , and later in Section 6.8 it was seen that the metric connection and hence the first derivatives of the metric components correspond to the gravitational acceleration .
in section 4.3 the correspondence between the metric [parts] and the newtonian gravitational potential was noted , and later in section 6.8 it was seen that the metric connection and hence the first derivatives of the metric [parts] correspond to the gravitational acceleration .

Equation 7.7 can be compared with the earlier expression for geodesic deviation : taking account of the sign change in the spatial components of the metric when passing from Euclidean to Minkowski space .
equation 7.7 can be compared with the earlier expression for geodesic deviation : taking account of the sign change in the spatial [parts] of the metric when passing from euclidean to minkowski space .

The experimental determination of components of the Riemann tensor involves measuring the gradient of the gravitational field .
the experimental determination of [parts] of the riemann tensor involves measuring the gradient of the gravitational field .

In the classical limit when the gravitational field is weak and slowly varying where all the components of the tensor h are much less than unity .
in the classical limit when the gravitational field is weak and slowly varying where all the [parts] of the tensor h are much less than unity .

In the same limit velocities are small ( ) and the spatial components of momenta are much less than energies .
in the same limit velocities are small ( ) and the spatial [parts] of momenta are much less than energies .

Once across the horizon and inside the black hole the space-like components of four-vectors become time-like , and vice versa .
once across the horizon and inside the black hole the space-like [parts] of four-vectors become time-like , and vice versa .

When the space–time curvature is small , a linear approximation can be made to the metric where is the Minkowski metric and all the components are very much less than unity .
when the space–time curvature is small , a linear approximation can be made to the metric where is the minkowski metric and all the [parts] are very much less than unity .

It is one of the components of the work and not a referent of it ( literature has no referents ) .
it is one of the [parts] of the work and not a referent of it ( literature has no referents ) .

According to Mukařovský , all components of the text and their interrelationships ‘ are evaluated from the standpoint of the dominant ’ , which thus ‘ creates the unity of the work of poetry ’ ( Garvin 1964 : 20 — 1 ) .
according to mukařovský , all [parts] of the text and their interrelationships ‘ are evaluated from the standpoint of the dominant ’ , which thus ‘ creates the unity of the work of poetry ’ ( garvin 1964 : 20 — 1 ) .

But the fact remains that , even if the dominant is taken as the starting-point , a description of the relationships of all the components of a text would be potentially endless .
but the fact remains that , even if the dominant is taken as the starting-point , a description of the relationships of all the [parts] of a text would be potentially endless .

The New Critics did not believe , of course , that the value of poetry lay in isolated metaphors or similes ; on the contrary , they insisted that in good literature all the components of the text contributed to the reconciliation of opposites that constitutes its poetic function .
the new critics did not believe , of course , that the value of poetry lay in isolated metaphors or similes ; on the contrary , they insisted that in good literature all the [parts] of the text contributed to the reconciliation of opposites that constitutes its poetic function .

To take an example : in his reading of Rousseau 's essay on the origin of language , Derrida shows that Rousseau saw music as consisting of two contradictory components , melody and harmony .
to take an example : in his reading of rousseau 's essay on the origin of language , derrida shows that rousseau saw music as consisting of two contradictory [parts] , melody and harmony .

Inasmuch as teachers by tradition are more closely associated with the planning and delivery of the curricular components of education than with arguments about priorities and about the distribution of resources , curriculum development has been a prime element of professional management .
inasmuch as teachers by tradition are more closely associated with the planning and delivery of the curricular [parts] of education than with arguments about priorities and about the distribution of resources , curriculum development has been a prime element of professional management .

Yet , without altering the basic components of the mix , it was possible to detect a shift in the nuances .
yet , without altering the basic [parts] of the mix , it was possible to detect a shift in the nuances .

The student could produce an overview or outline plan containing a consideration of ideas showing the main components of the investigation .
the student could produce an overview or outline plan containing a consideration of ideas showing the main [parts] of the investigation .

In particular , it was said that the employer was thereby saving on royalties payable to the patentee or licensee of alternative components ; the valve reduced processing costs and disposals of scrap ; output had increased ; and the frequency of employee injury had declined so as to reduce absences from work and claims for compensation .
in particular , it was said that the employer was thereby saving on royalties payable to the patentee or licensee of alternative [parts] ; the valve reduced processing costs and disposals of scrap ; output had increased ; and the frequency of employee injury had declined so as to reduce absences from work and claims for compensation .

Where practical , indicators of the performance of individual risk management systems also need to be established , so that the functionality and cost–effectiveness of the various components can be checked .
where practical , indicators of the performance of individual risk management systems also need to be established , so that the functionality and cost–effectiveness of the various [parts] can be checked .

Driving is a task which has many components ranging from overlearned perceptual-motor skills to complex aspects of judgment and decision making .
driving is a task which has many [parts] ranging from overlearned perceptual-motor skills to complex aspects of judgment and decision making .

Individual components can themselves be divided further , McKnight and Adams ( 1970 ) for example divide just the perceptual-motor components of driver training into approximately 1,500 separate tasks .
individual [parts] can themselves be divided further , mcknight and adams ( 1970 ) for example divide just the perceptual-motor [parts] of driver training into approximately 1,500 separate tasks .

It is thus not surprising that there is no single psychological theory of driving which adequately describes all components of the task .
it is thus not surprising that there is no single psychological theory of driving which adequately describes all [parts] of the task .

The studies using arousing stimuli with many components and exploring memory for different aspects of the stimuli separately ( e.g .
the studies using arousing stimuli with many [parts] and exploring memory for different aspects of the stimuli separately ( e.g .

Cash Flow and Components
cash flow and [parts]

We may contrast with this the phrase semantic components , where the two interpretations are virtually indistinguishable ; it will be seen that this phrase will always come to the same thing in practical terms , whether we regard the components as being semantic , with ascriptive use of the adjective , or as components connected with semantics , taking the associative interpretation .
we may contrast with this the phrase semantic [parts] , where the two interpretations are virtually indistinguishable ; it will be seen that this phrase will always come to the same thing in practical terms , whether we regard the [parts] as being semantic , with ascriptive use of the adjective , or as [parts] connected with semantics , taking the associative interpretation .

They suggest that there is a bimodal distribution of citation counts , with short-term and long-term components .
they suggest that there is a bimodal distribution of citation counts , with short-term and long-term [parts] .

The argument was that different components of personality are built up in particular individuals as a consequence of cultural conditioning .
the argument was that different [parts] of personality are built up in particular individuals as a consequence of cultural conditioning .

Meretz had three components — Mapam , Shinui ( `` Centre Party `` ) and Ratz ( also known as the Citizens ' Rights Movement ) .
meretz had three [parts] — mapam , shinui ( `` centre party `` ) and ratz ( also known as the citizens ' rights movement ) .

Japanese car manufacturers promised to increase purchases of US-made components from $ 7,000 million in fiscal 1990 to $ 15,000 million by fiscal 1994 .
japanese car manufacturers promised to increase purchases of us-made [parts] from $ 7,000 million in fiscal 1990 to $ 15,000 million by fiscal 1994 .

Sharif 's latest disavowal concerning Pakistan 's nuclear programme came amidst renewed controversy prompted by United States Senator Larry Pressler , who claimed during a visit to the country on Jan. 12-13 that Pakistan had the components for at least two nuclear weapons .
sharif 's latest disavowal concerning pakistan 's nuclear programme came amidst renewed controversy prompted by united states senator larry pressler , who claimed during a visit to the country on jan. 12-13 that pakistan had the [parts] for at least two nuclear weapons .

Reports in late January suggested that the United Kingdom Defence Ministry might have been aware of the export of components used in the manufacture of the Iraqi " super-gun " [ see pp. 37332 ; 37390-91 ; 37471 ; 38361 ] .
reports in late january suggested that the united kingdom defence ministry might have been aware of the export of [parts] used in the manufacture of the iraqi " super-gun " [ see pp. 37332 ; 37390-91 ; 37471 ; 38361 ] .

His doubts about the relentlessness of Singapore 's Westernization and his relative sensitivity towards the concerns of the city state 's ethnic components had attracted some support .
his doubts about the relentlessness of singapore 's westernization and his relative sensitivity towards the concerns of the city state 's ethnic [parts] had attracted some support .

In June among the initial measures of Cresson 's government were bills providing for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government regulations over private components of the national health system , approved by the National Assembly on its first reading on April 29 , by the Senate on June 7 and finally by the National Assembly on June 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on June 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on June 14 following the desecration of Jewish graves in Carpentras in May 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) restrictions on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the National Assembly on June 13 and of the Senate on June 25 ) .
in june among the initial measures of cresson 's government were bills providing for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government regulations over private [parts] of the national health system , approved by the national assembly on its first reading on april 29 , by the senate on june 7 and finally by the national assembly on june 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on june 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on june 14 following the desecration of jewish graves in carpentras in may 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) restrictions on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the national assembly on june 13 and of the senate on june 25 ) .

Egypt and Saudi Arabia , which had supplied the main Arab components of the multinational anti-Iraqi forces congregated in the Saudi desert , both issued denunciations of the killings .
egypt and saudi arabia , which had supplied the main arab [parts] of the multinational anti-iraqi forces congregated in the saudi desert , both issued denunciations of the killings .

Pakistani Foreign Affairs Secretary Shahryar Khan was quoted by the Washington Post of Feb. 7 as saying that Pakistan had the components and expertise to assemble at least one nuclear explosive device .
pakistani foreign affairs secretary shahryar khan was quoted by the washington post of feb. 7 as saying that pakistan had the [parts] and expertise to assemble at least one nuclear explosive device .

It provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of Cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of Russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of Russia 's radio-electronic centre in Cuba , primarily to facilitate diplomatic traffic to North America and with its intelligence functions `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of Russian components and spare parts for existing Cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of Russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the Cuban Juraga nuclear power plant halted in September [ see p. 39090 ] , on the condition that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly France ) be agreed by Feb. 1 , 1993 .
it provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of russia 's radio-electronic centre in cuba , primarily to facilitate diplomatic traffic to north america and with its intelligence functions `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of russian [parts] and spare parts for existing cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the cuban juraga nuclear power plant halted in september [ see p. 39090 ] , on the condition that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly france ) be agreed by feb. 1 , 1993 .

The four major components of this compromise were opt-out clauses on the introduction of a single European currency and on a common defence policy , non-participation in EC-wide police and legal co-operation on such issues as immigration , and no introduction of citizenship of the European Union .
the four major [parts] of this compromise were opt-out clauses on the introduction of a single european currency and on a common defence policy , non-participation in ec-wide police and legal co-operation on such issues as immigration , and no introduction of citizenship of the european union .

The sanctions anticipated for April 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from Libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or maintenance services , aircraft and aircraft components from Libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers currently advising the Libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in Libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the operation `` of Libyan Arab Airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of Libyans expelled or excluded from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .
the sanctions anticipated for april 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or maintenance services , aircraft and aircraft [parts] from libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers currently advising the libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the operation `` of libyan arab airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of libyans expelled or excluded from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .

First , there has been a harder look at the components of the nursing process to assess whether nursing skills were appropriately used and related to the needs of patients or whether they followed old-established but unvalidated local custom and practice .
first , there has been a harder look at the [parts] of the nursing process to assess whether nursing skills were appropriately used and related to the needs of patients or whether they followed old-established but unvalidated local custom and practice .

For example , although softening is a well proven and relatively simple process , the quality and reliability of the product will be dependent upon the quality of the components used and the design and manufacturing expertise of the supplier .
for example , although softening is a well proven and relatively simple process , the quality and reliability of the product will be dependent upon the quality of the [parts] used and the design and manufacturing expertise of the supplier .

Eventually it will become necessary to carry out modernisation and replacement of key components to maintain performance , reliability and to meet current user expectation levels .
eventually it will become necessary to carry out modernisation and replacement of key [parts] to maintain performance , reliability and to meet current user expectation levels .

These can be reach-in or roll-in designs and are assembled on site once all the components have been brought in .
these can be reach-in or roll-in designs and are assembled on site once all the [parts] have been brought in .

In areas of cleaning and hygiene , such as warewashing and storage , savings can be made by using high quality , reliable machines which rely on electronic and other high tech components to ensure the smooth running of the equipment .
in areas of cleaning and hygiene , such as warewashing and storage , savings can be made by using high quality , reliable machines which rely on electronic and other high tech [parts] to ensure the smooth running of the equipment .

Other People make the components and deliver them — on time .
other people make the [parts] and deliver them — on time .

Our first aim was to examine the lexical access components of a number of existing speech recognition systems .
our first aim was to examine the lexical access [parts] of a number of existing speech recognition systems .

Moreover , the lexical access mechanisms are usually embedded in larger systems , and their success depends on both the performance of the lower level acoustic-phonetic components and on the predictive or selective abilities of the higher level syntactic and semantic components .
moreover , the lexical access mechanisms are usually embedded in larger systems , and their success depends on both the performance of the lower level acoustic-phonetic [parts] and on the predictive or selective abilities of the higher level syntactic and semantic [parts] .

In addition , most systems use search strategies to eliminate some partial hypotheses from consideration , and it is not always easy to determine the relative importance of the various components of these strategies .
in addition , most systems use search strategies to eliminate some partial hypotheses from consideration , and it is not always easy to determine the relative importance of the various [parts] of these strategies .

Thus performance statistics alone are not very useful for comparing different systems , since they do not necessarily provide any indication of the superiority of one system over another , nor any insight into the strengths and weaknesses of the various components .
thus performance statistics alone are not very useful for comparing different systems , since they do not necessarily provide any indication of the superiority of one system over another , nor any insight into the strengths and weaknesses of the various [parts] .

The complexity of a recognition system is often described in terms of its components : the goodness of the acoustic model , the confusability of items in the lexicon , the amount of constraint provided by the grammar .
the complexity of a recognition system is often described in terms of its [parts] : the goodness of the acoustic model , the confusability of items in the lexicon , the amount of constraint provided by the grammar .

Compatibility between components was ensured by using a structurally uniform global database , the blackboard .
compatibility between [parts] was ensured by using a structurally uniform global database , the blackboard .

It would also allow individual components to be tested , using simulated data , before the entire system is complete .
it would also allow individual [parts] to be tested , using simulated data , before the entire system is complete .

Secondly , the components of the Chart parser are few and relatively simple :
secondly , the [parts] of the chart parser are few and relatively simple :

Thirdly , the existence of a global data structure allowed the interfaces between components to be specified in an orderly manner .
thirdly , the existence of a global data structure allowed the interfaces between [parts] to be specified in an orderly manner .

The global data structure , the Chart , would provide an easily accessible record of what exactly was going on between the different components .
the global data structure , the chart , would provide an easily accessible record of what exactly was going on between the different [parts] .

Since all components communicated via the global data structure , individual components could easily be designed and tested using simulated data .
since all [parts] communicated via the global data structure , individual [parts] could easily be designed and tested using simulated data .

Further components could be added whenever their stage of development warranted it .
further [parts] could be added whenever their stage of development warranted it .

We are also concerned here with the interactions between components .
we are also concerned here with the interactions between [parts] .

This filtering process can be applied as soon as data becomes available if necessary , since all components are using the Chart to post results .
this filtering process can be applied as soon as data becomes available if necessary , since all [parts] are using the chart to post results .

One of the most important factors is the reliability of the individual sources which contribute to the search space , and particularly the performance of the components involved in lower level analysis of the speech waveform .
one of the most important factors is the reliability of the individual sources which contribute to the search space , and particularly the performance of the [parts] involved in lower level analysis of the speech waveform .

It also ensures that the development of each of the system 's components can be pursued in parallel , no one stream of research imposing any a priori constraints on any other .
it also ensures that the development of each of the system 's [parts] can be pursued in parallel , no one stream of research imposing any a priori constraints on any other .

The syntactic and semantic components must select from word hypotheses that are constantly changing their status or score as more acoustic information becomes available .
the syntactic and semantic [parts] must select from word hypotheses that are constantly changing their status or score as more acoustic information becomes available .

It will be the task of higher level components to bring the intended words to the surface , according to their syntactic and semantic plausibility .
it will be the task of higher level [parts] to bring the intended words to the surface , according to their syntactic and semantic plausibility .

This experiment shows how different components can work together to compound a problem .
this experiment shows how different [parts] can work together to compound a problem .

This evaluation highlighted one of the points made in Chapter 2 : what goes on between components is as important as what goes on within any component .
this evaluation highlighted one of the points made in chapter 2 : what goes on between [parts] is as important as what goes on within any component .

The first reason is obviously that the performance of , say , the syntactic component depends on the performance of other , lower-level components .
the first reason is obviously that the performance of , say , the syntactic component depends on the performance of other , lower-level [parts] .

Secondly , the interaction of different components may also indicate that less work can be done at some other level .
secondly , the interaction of different [parts] may also indicate that less work can be done at some other level .

If such phrases always fail to extend more than a few words , through failing to match the input , then we can afford to delay the interpretation without placing too much of a burden on higher level components .
if such phrases always fail to extend more than a few words , through failing to match the input , then we can afford to delay the interpretation without placing too much of a burden on higher level [parts] .

Therefore , if someone develops a new form of layout for the components in a computer or a new configuration for printed circuit boards , these are unlikely to be granted patents .
therefore , if someone develops a new form of layout for the [parts] in a computer or a new configuration for printed circuit boards , these are unlikely to be granted patents .

However , the layout of components and the configuration of a printed circuit board may be protected by copyright through any drawings which have been made indicating the layout or by the design right .
however , the layout of [parts] and the configuration of a printed circuit board may be protected by copyright through any drawings which have been made indicating the layout or by the design right .

In Catnic Components Ltd. v Hill & Smith Ltd. [ 1982 ] , the plaintiff obtained a patent for a load bearing lintel , the main strength of which came from a vertical metal rear face .
in catnic [parts] ltd. v hill & smith ltd. [ 1982 ] , the plaintiff obtained a patent for a load bearing lintel , the main strength of which came from a vertical metal rear face .

The board is made of insulating material and a conductor which is etched away leaving the circuitry to which electronic components are later attached by solder .
the board is made of insulating material and a conductor which is etched away leaving the circuitry to which electronic [parts] are later attached by solder .

Alternatively , they could be considered to be protected by the design right as a configuration when all the components are mounted onto the board .
alternatively , they could be considered to be protected by the design right as a configuration when all the [parts] are mounted onto the board .

It is a spirit that has three key components .
it is a spirit that has three key [parts] .

Tragedy 's specific effect depends on the interaction of its two components , the Apolline drama and the Dionysiac music .
tragedy 's specific effect depends on the interaction of its two [parts] , the apolline drama and the dionysiac music .

In psycholinguistics , an item 's meaning , it is said , can be analysed into a number of semantic markers — components or features also found in the meanings of other items , eg the -ly of an adverb such as clearly — and a distinguisher , which is the residue of meaning after the markers have been deducted ( clear ) .
in psycholinguistics , an item 's meaning , it is said , can be analysed into a number of semantic markers — [parts] or features also found in the meanings of other items , eg the -ly of an adverb such as clearly — and a distinguisher , which is the residue of meaning after the markers have been deducted ( clear ) .

The relations among the components of the patterns must be known before the individual components can be decoded . ``
the relations among the [parts] of the patterns must be known before the individual [parts] can be decoded . ``

The drawing suggests how the problem might be broken down into components .
the drawing suggests how the problem might be broken down into [parts] .

Apart from the catalyst residues referred to above a commercial plastic will contain many additives such as anti-oxidants , colouring agents , plasticizer molecules ( small molecular weight additives which affect the mechanical properties ) as well as components required by the chemist to stop the chain growing .
apart from the catalyst residues referred to above a commercial plastic will contain many additives such as anti-oxidants , colouring agents , plasticizer molecules ( small molecular weight additives which affect the mechanical properties ) as well as [parts] required by the chemist to stop the chain growing .

In the case when we shall have deformations and is given by The components of are somewhat similar in form to those in the last example . Thus
in the case when we shall have deformations and is given by the [parts] of are somewhat similar in form to those in the last example . thus

We are then in fact neglecting the product terms in so that The exact relation between the components of large strain and the infinitesimal terms is easily found .
we are then in fact neglecting the product terms in so that the exact relation between the [parts] of large strain and the infinitesimal terms is easily found .

The non-vanishing terms represent the components of a rotation vector ( more properly an anti-symmetric tensor ) and a general deformation consists of terms such as which cause changes of length and which cause rotations .
the non-vanishing terms represent the [parts] of a rotation vector ( more properly an anti-symmetric tensor ) and a general deformation consists of terms such as which cause changes of length and which cause rotations .

The vector product a ∘ b is also a tensor of second rank but behaves like a vector ( sometimes called a pseudo-vector ) because it has only three non-vanishing components .
the vector product a ∘ b is also a tensor of second rank but behaves like a vector ( sometimes called a pseudo-vector ) because it has only three non-vanishing [parts] .

The traction — is referred to a set of coordinates which in classical elasticity are in the undeformed material , but in large-strain elasticity may alternatively be in the deformed material Consider at first the classical theory ; if the traction — acts on a surface with normal n then we write for the components of the traction , and the scalar product — .
the traction — is referred to a set of coordinates which in classical elasticity are in the undeformed material , but in large-strain elasticity may alternatively be in the deformed material consider at first the classical theory ; if the traction — acts on a surface with normal n then we write for the [parts] of the traction , and the scalar product — .

The general components of the stress tensor can be shown to bear the relation to where is now the force in the j-direction on the unit area with normal along i .
the general [parts] of the stress tensor can be shown to bear the relation to where is now the force in the j-direction on the unit area with normal along i .

The generalized form of Hooke 's law relates the components of infinitesimal strain and the components of stress defined with respect to the undeformed coordinates by the linear tensor equation and its inverse
the generalized form of hooke 's law relates the [parts] of infinitesimal strain and the [parts] of stress defined with respect to the undeformed coordinates by the linear tensor equation and its inverse

Although they would , as fourth-rank tensors , have 81 components each the symmetry of and of reduces the number of independent components to 36 .
although they would , as fourth-rank tensors , have 81 [parts] each the symmetry of and of reduces the number of independent [parts] to 36 .

Where the strain energy function exists thermodynamical considerations imply that ( and ) and this reduces the number of independent components to 21 for the case of lowest symmetry , that is , the triclinic crystal .
where the strain energy function exists thermodynamical considerations imply that ( and ) and this reduces the number of independent [parts] to 21 for the case of lowest symmetry , that is , the triclinic crystal .

It is frequently convenient to express functions of the strain tensors in terms of invariant quantities , that is , combinations of the individual components of the strain tensor which do not change their functional form under a change of axes .
it is frequently convenient to express functions of the strain tensors in terms of invariant quantities , that is , combinations of the individual [parts] of the strain tensor which do not change their functional form under a change of axes .

The components may be crystal grains and their arrangement is not generally subject to the three-dimensional periodicity and the energy-dependent packing laws of the crystal lattice — so that the permissible kinds of order differ from those of crystals .
the [parts] may be crystal grains and their arrangement is not generally subject to the three-dimensional periodicity and the energy-dependent packing laws of the crystal lattice — so that the permissible kinds of order differ from those of crystals .

For shear , using is a pure shear and a pure shear strain we find the a " and b " standing for functions of the averaged shearing stress and strain components .
for shear , using is a pure shear and a pure shear strain we find the a " and b " standing for functions of the averaged shearing stress and strain [parts] .

Hence is positive semi-definite and restrictions on its components can be written down — giving an upper bound on each modulus appearing in the normal or `` canonical `` form as a coefficient .
hence is positive semi-definite and restrictions on its [parts] can be written down — giving an upper bound on each modulus appearing in the normal or `` canonical `` form as a coefficient .

( That is , a form expressed as a sum of squares of independent linear combinations of the components of average strain .
( that is , a form expressed as a sum of squares of independent linear combinations of the [parts] of average strain .

In addition , of course , they assume separation of the components into geometrically convenient shapes and locations .
in addition , of course , they assume separation of the [parts] into geometrically convenient shapes and locations .

Then the averaging procedure for transverse isotropy leads to the expression where the are defined below , from which the components of l may be extracted .
then the averaging procedure for transverse isotropy leads to the expression where the are defined below , from which the [parts] of l may be extracted .

When an elastic wave is obliquely incident at a fluid-solid interface , the refracted wave splits into two components : dilatational and transverse .
when an elastic wave is obliquely incident at a fluid-solid interface , the refracted wave splits into two [parts] : dilatational and transverse .

This method permitted the separate characterisation of acid and neutral ( food ) components of gastro-oesophageal reflux .
this method permitted the separate characterisation of acid and neutral ( food ) [parts] of gastro-oesophageal reflux .

The initial step of this migration through basement membranes is thought to be the adhesion of tumour cells , which is mainly mediated through binding of extracellular matrix components to tumour cell surface receptors .
the initial step of this migration through basement membranes is thought to be the adhesion of tumour cells , which is mainly mediated through binding of extracellular matrix [parts] to tumour cell surface receptors .

Group means for structural components of mucosae were compared by unpaired t tests .
group means for structural [parts] of mucosae were compared by unpaired t tests .

Some dietary components such as bread , food preserved with sulphur dioxide , and alcoholic beverages such as beer , wine and cider are rich in sulphate .
some dietary [parts] such as bread , food preserved with sulphur dioxide , and alcoholic beverages such as beer , wine and cider are rich in sulphate .

In normal subjects there are two components to the basel electrical rhythm , a predominant rhytym at a frequency of 6 cycles per minute with some at 3 cycles per minute .
in normal subjects there are two [parts] to the basel electrical rhythm , a predominant rhytym at a frequency of 6 cycles per minute with some at 3 cycles per minute .

In addition , new therapeutic aproaches include manipulation of eicosanoid formation by dietary fatty acids , development of topically active new steroid components , and the blockade of neuroimmune interactions .
in addition , new therapeutic aproaches include manipulation of eicosanoid formation by dietary fatty acids , development of topically active new steroid [parts] , and the blockade of neuroimmune interactions .

In addition , the components of the different fatty acid series are not interconvertible in vivo .
in addition , the [parts] of the different fatty acid series are not interconvertible in vivo .

The apparent continuously irregular frequency recorded , which contains high and low frequency components , may have several explanations .
the apparent continuously irregular frequency recorded , which contains high and low frequency [parts] , may have several explanations .

Blood , blood components ( eg platelets , red blood cells ) and blood products .
blood , blood [parts] ( eg platelets , red blood cells ) and blood products .

Beverages with high ethanol content like whisky and cognac have no effect probably because the inhibitory effect of the high concentrations of ethanol present in these beverages overwhelms the stimulatory effect of the non-ethanolic components .
beverages with high ethanol content like whisky and cognac have no effect probably because the inhibitory effect of the high concentrations of ethanol present in these beverages overwhelms the stimulatory effect of the non-ethanolic [parts] .

What exactly the non-ethanolic components of beer and wine that stimulate gastrin release are unclear .
what exactly the non-ethanolic [parts] of beer and wine that stimulate gastrin release are unclear .

In this study , two immunocytochemical methods that measure different components of the cell cycle were compared to assess cell proliferation on biopsy samples from human colonic mucosa .
in this study , two immunocytochemical methods that measure different [parts] of the cell cycle were compared to assess cell proliferation on biopsy samples from human colonic mucosa .

Most of the organic components of bile , namely bile acids , lecithin , bilirubin , and cholesterol are absorbed to a limited extent by the gall bladder mucosa .
most of the organic [parts] of bile , namely bile acids , lecithin , bilirubin , and cholesterol are absorbed to a limited extent by the gall bladder mucosa .

The purpose of the current investigation is to show a possible binding or uptake of PT-gliadin in the enterocytes , and to compare the handling of the components between coeliac patients and controls .
the purpose of the current investigation is to show a possible binding or uptake of pt-gliadin in the enterocytes , and to compare the handling of the [parts] between coeliac patients and controls .

Emptying of radioopaque markers does not reflect gastric emptying of food components , as it is known that indigestible particles larger than 1.5 mm are emptied from the stomach during the interdigestive period .
emptying of radioopaque markers does not reflect gastric emptying of food [parts] , as it is known that indigestible particles larger than 1.5 mm are emptied from the stomach during the interdigestive period .

The test solutions were prepared in emulsion form by vigorous agitation of the components before administration .
the test solutions were prepared in emulsion form by vigorous agitation of the [parts] before administration .

The time value components of the option premiums quoted get larger as the time to expiry lengthens .
the time value [parts] of the option premiums quoted get larger as the time to expiry lengthens .

This was the first departmental review under new procedure agreed with Heads of Departments earlier in the year . The new style review consisted of three components :
this was the first departmental review under new procedure agreed with heads of departments earlier in the year . the new style review consisted of three [parts] :

Based on these components , a draft report on the department was prepared by the Senior Management Team and presented to the Head of Department .
based on these [parts] , a draft report on the department was prepared by the senior management team and presented to the head of department .

The relative importance of these components is difficult to estimate .
the relative importance of these [parts] is difficult to estimate .

Adding these components together gives .
adding these [parts] together gives .

From ( 5.1 ) , these are three of the most important components determining a bond 's price .
from ( 5.1 ) , these are three of the most important [parts] determining a bond 's price .

Besides term to maturity , the other components of relative value that have been added to ( 5.46 ) are as follows .
besides term to maturity , the other [parts] of relative value that have been added to ( 5.46 ) are as follows .

At some stage of manufacture the new product must be assembled from its components .
at some stage of manufacture the new product must be assembled from its [parts] .

These start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .
these start with the raw material and smallest [parts] , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .

It is unlikely that any company would find it an economic proposition to make all the components it embodies in its products .
it is unlikely that any company would find it an economic proposition to make all the [parts] it embodies in its products .

It may be information or it may be components for incorporation in the contractor 's activities .
it may be information or it may be [parts] for incorporation in the contractor 's activities .

The type of projection and the symbols used for components , finishes , limits and the conventions for dimensions , scale and component values must be presented where they can be seen in using the drawings .
the type of projection and the symbols used for [parts] , finishes , limits and the conventions for dimensions , scale and component values must be presented where they can be seen in using the drawings .

The components of the Main Menu are as follows :
the [parts] of the main menu are as follows :

Another limitation is the extent to which components can be shrunk before quantum effects decrease their reliability .
another limitation is the extent to which [parts] can be shrunk before quantum effects decrease their reliability .

Last week , it announced an unprecedented pact with its rival Chrysler to manufacture jointly transmissions and other drive-line components for each other 's van and car ranges .
last week , it announced an unprecedented pact with its rival chrysler to manufacture jointly transmissions and other drive-line [parts] for each other 's van and car ranges .

As honorary archivist for Lucas , the motor components group , he begged the company to let him be custodian of the earliest archives - including Lucas family albums — when , during company restructuring two years ago , the entire archive went to the British Motor Industry Heritage Trust .
as honorary archivist for lucas , the motor [parts] group , he begged the company to let him be custodian of the earliest archives - including lucas family albums — when , during company restructuring two years ago , the entire archive went to the british motor industry heritage trust .

This chapter looks at some of the components of grief and tries to explain how grief may be experienced .
this chapter looks at some of the [parts] of grief and tries to explain how grief may be experienced .

In these instances our reaction to this great loss is likely to be much stronger , although it will have the same components of grief as any other unexpected loss .
in these instances our reaction to this great loss is likely to be much stronger , although it will have the same [parts] of grief as any other unexpected loss .

As with healthy diet , healthy exercise requires an appropriate balance of different components .
as with healthy diet , healthy exercise requires an appropriate balance of different [parts] .

The core distribution business , providing a kind of mail order service in components , put in a firm performance , thanks to improved margins on the many small orders people make in a recession , and reduced losses at a new German start-up .
the core distribution business , providing a kind of mail order service in [parts] , put in a firm performance , thanks to improved margins on the many small orders people make in a recession , and reduced losses at a new german start-up .

During the Second World War he worked in the production of aero-engine components and served as engineer officer with the Clevedon Fire Brigade .
during the second world war he worked in the production of aero-engine [parts] and served as engineer officer with the clevedon fire brigade .

Code-named Ro31–8959 , it targets an enzyme in the Aids virus called proteinase , which plays a crucial role in the construction of the Aids virus in an infected cell by cutting up proteins into viral components .
code-named ro31–8959 , it targets an enzyme in the aids virus called proteinase , which plays a crucial role in the construction of the aids virus in an infected cell by cutting up proteins into viral [parts] .

In consequence , European collaboration is fraught and costly : operational requirements are made more complex than they ought to be by the need for compromise ; sharing development leads to mismatches of components that have to be corrected late on in programmes ; and divided production and assembly increases overheads and puts up costs .
in consequence , european collaboration is fraught and costly : operational requirements are made more complex than they ought to be by the need for compromise ; sharing development leads to mismatches of [parts] that have to be corrected late on in programmes ; and divided production and assembly increases overheads and puts up costs .

They are run by Japanese , the real decisions are taken at head office , foreigners have no chance of promotion , and all the fancy design work is done at home , leaving the overseas factory as just an assembly plant for imported components .
they are run by japanese , the real decisions are taken at head office , foreigners have no chance of promotion , and all the fancy design work is done at home , leaving the overseas factory as just an assembly plant for imported [parts] .

Some central components can be more or less standard , worldwide , notably the engine , for some tastes are universal .
some central [parts] can be more or less standard , worldwide , notably the engine , for some tastes are universal .

Each of the three will design cars and components to match local tastes .
each of the three will design cars and [parts] to match local tastes .

The weapons are expensive partly because they are made of expensive components , but also because they are time-consuming to develop .
the weapons are expensive partly because they are made of expensive [parts] , but also because they are time-consuming to develop .

For most purposes it is enough to know that an enterprise makes losses — that its revenues are less than the sum of its wages , its cost of capital and its cost of material inputs ( raw materials , components , energy and so on ) .
for most purposes it is enough to know that an enterprise makes losses — that its revenues are less than the sum of its wages , its cost of capital and its cost of material inputs ( raw materials , [parts] , energy and so on ) .

Sander Levin , a congressman from Michigan , claims that Japanese car plants in the United States favour their keiretsu partners unfairly when ordering components .
sander levin , a congressman from michigan , claims that japanese car plants in the united states favour their keiretsu partners unfairly when ordering [parts] .

Similarly , Corning dropped the ceramic bricks used to line glass and steel furnaces , and passive electrical components such as resistors and capacitors , all cherished as traditional products at the company .
similarly , corning dropped the ceramic bricks used to line glass and steel furnaces , and passive electrical [parts] such as resistors and capacitors , all cherished as traditional products at the company .

Along with the nylon balloon itself , the company also supplies components such as willow-and-cane baskets , burners to heat up the air inside the balloon , gas cylinders and control valves .
along with the nylon balloon itself , the company also supplies [parts] such as willow-and-cane baskets , burners to heat up the air inside the balloon , gas cylinders and control valves .

But in the past year German authorities withdrew approval for certain components which Cameron and some other hot-air balloon manufacturers have been using worldwide for the past 20 years .
but in the past year german authorities withdrew approval for certain [parts] which cameron and some other hot-air balloon manufacturers have been using worldwide for the past 20 years .

Today , because the personal computer and laser-printer are mass-produced and work using cheap electronic components , anybody can publish text of almost professional quality for an investment of only $ 3,000 .
today , because the personal computer and laser-printer are mass-produced and work using cheap electronic [parts] , anybody can publish text of almost professional quality for an investment of only $ 3,000 .

Norwich lost key components of their team in the run-up to the Everton game — just as they have for tomorrow 's tie .
norwich lost key [parts] of their team in the run-up to the everton game — just as they have for tomorrow 's tie .

Despite its reputation for fine engineering , Rolls-Royce has never been shy of using outside technology and components , inevitable now for a company of its small size .
despite its reputation for fine engineering , rolls-royce has never been shy of using outside technology and [parts] , inevitable now for a company of its small size .

The Cretaceous genus Inoceramus sometimes grew well over a metre in length ; fragments of this particular genus are frequently important components of the soft , white Cretaceous limestone known as chalk .
the cretaceous genus inoceramus sometimes grew well over a metre in length ; fragments of this particular genus are frequently important [parts] of the soft , white cretaceous limestone known as chalk .

They are still abundant at present , although a little less common in shallow water sites than they were in the Palaeozoic and Mesozoic , but they are conspicuous and varied components of deep water faunas .
they are still abundant at present , although a little less common in shallow water sites than they were in the palaeozoic and mesozoic , but they are conspicuous and varied [parts] of deep water faunas .

Large ferns were present as early as the Upper Devonian and different genera as large or larger were significant components of forests during the Carboniferous to Cenozoic .
large ferns were present as early as the upper devonian and different genera as large or larger were significant [parts] of forests during the carboniferous to cenozoic .

The components of this plan are shown in Figure 3.4 .
the [parts] of this plan are shown in figure 3.4 .

The survey schools which have , for a variety of reasons , decided to operate a formula-based approach all took a number of points into consideration when devising their own particular scheme . While it is recognised that each school may put a differing stress on the varying components in a formula system to match the school 's own needs and educational philosophy , the following points seem central to developing a successful formula distribution scheme :
the survey schools which have , for a variety of reasons , decided to operate a formula-based approach all took a number of points into consideration when devising their own particular scheme . while it is recognised that each school may put a differing stress on the varying [parts] in a formula system to match the school 's own needs and educational philosophy , the following points seem central to developing a successful formula distribution scheme :

It is not possible to discriminate between the components of each category .
it is not possible to discriminate between the [parts] of each category .

The problem is further exacerbated by the prevailing view as to the nature and constituents of leadership in schools . There are a number of models which seek to explain the components and implications of different approaches to leadership which may actually serve to compound the problem :
the problem is further exacerbated by the prevailing view as to the nature and constituents of leadership in schools . there are a number of models which seek to explain the [parts] and implications of different approaches to leadership which may actually serve to compound the problem :

There are obvious problems with this approach : there is no common definition as to the components of these qualities , there is no reliable method of identifying them and a list of qualities may well include contradictory elements .
there are obvious problems with this approach : there is no common definition as to the [parts] of these qualities , there is no reliable method of identifying them and a list of qualities may well include contradictory elements .

The components of Adair 's three elements indicate the factors that are relevant to effective leadership .
the [parts] of adair 's three elements indicate the factors that are relevant to effective leadership .

The components of leadership are , therefore , seen in terms of effective skills and qualities rather than cognitive technical knowledge .
the [parts] of leadership are , therefore , seen in terms of effective skills and qualities rather than cognitive technical knowledge .

Few components of managing are as abused as the concept of the ‘ team ’ .
few [parts] of managing are as abused as the concept of the ‘ team ’ .

In practical terms this means that any team activity has three components rather than one .
in practical terms this means that any team activity has three [parts] rather than one .

The practical components of such a response are discussed below but one perspective is crucial with regard to organisational structure ; it should reflect the integrity of relationships and be a vehicle for effective management .
the practical [parts] of such a response are discussed below but one perspective is crucial with regard to organisational structure ; it should reflect the integrity of relationships and be a vehicle for effective management .

Human resource management in schools requires a total approach which has the following components :
human resource management in schools requires a total approach which has the following [parts] :

They serve as essential components of cell membranes .
they serve as essential [parts] of cell membranes .

They form much of the substance of living things : they are essential components of cell membranes , and of cell contents in general ; and the muscles of animals are made mostly of protein .
they form much of the substance of living things : they are essential [parts] of cell membranes , and of cell contents in general ; and the muscles of animals are made mostly of protein .

But although organic molecules are the essential components of modern living things , they can not in isolation be considered living . How then , did these early , isolated molecules , take on the trappings of life ?
but although organic molecules are the essential [parts] of modern living things , they can not in isolation be considered living . how then , did these early , isolated molecules , take on the trappings of life ?

Often these people believed that each of the components of nature — the forest , the rivers , the sky — was occupied and guarded by a jealous god , and they behaved as if that were the case .
often these people believed that each of the [parts] of nature — the forest , the rivers , the sky — was occupied and guarded by a jealous god , and they behaved as if that were the case .

But they are extremely important components of the tropical scene ; rich in species and serving as nesting sites and nurseries for birds and fish .
but they are extremely important [parts] of the tropical scene ; rich in species and serving as nesting sites and nurseries for birds and fish .

For now , we should look at more of the essential components of life on Earth : the energy that comes from the Sun , and which keeps the whole system rolling ; and the atmosphere itself , which protects us from too much of that radiation , and provides several of life 's essential ingredients .
for now , we should look at more of the essential [parts] of life on earth : the energy that comes from the sun , and which keeps the whole system rolling ; and the atmosphere itself , which protects us from too much of that radiation , and provides several of life 's essential ingredients .

Thus , for example , the various oxides of sulphur and nitrogen may be turned briefly but importantly into radicals ( charged components ) of acids , sulphuric and nitric , which tend to make rain more acid .
thus , for example , the various oxides of sulphur and nitrogen may be turned briefly but importantly into radicals ( charged [parts] ) of acids , sulphuric and nitric , which tend to make rain more acid .

Particular components of the atmosphere may act as catalysts ; speeding-up chemical reactions that would not otherwise occur so rapidly .
particular [parts] of the atmosphere may act as catalysts ; speeding-up chemical reactions that would not otherwise occur so rapidly .

In existing plants and cyanobacteria , the two components of photosynthesis are very closely linked , and run as one smooth , continuous process .
in existing plants and cyanobacteria , the two [parts] of photosynthesis are very closely linked , and run as one smooth , continuous process .

Systems originally independent , become interdependent components of higher-order systems .
systems originally independent , become interdependent [parts] of higher-order systems .

While retaining a measure of separate functioning , these systems may again become components of yet more highly complex ones .
while retaining a measure of separate functioning , these systems may again become [parts] of yet more highly complex ones .

It becomes ‘ automatic ’ and an attempt to introspect the components of skilled movement often breaks up the quality of the performance .
it becomes ‘ automatic ’ and an attempt to introspect the [parts] of skilled movement often breaks up the quality of the performance .

In Piaget 's system the behavioural components are functional forms of organic structure .
in piaget 's system the behavioural [parts] are functional forms of organic structure .

These thought-systems contain behavioural norms , expectations , ethics , and ideals as well as simpler components probably present in all higher mammals at a non-verbal level .
these thought-systems contain behavioural norms , expectations , ethics , and ideals as well as simpler [parts] probably present in all higher mammals at a non-verbal level .

Social selection has thus yielded two main strategic components in the behaviour responsible for societal organization .
social selection has thus yielded two main strategic [parts] in the behaviour responsible for societal organization .

The interesting point about the satellites is that their behaviour includes many submissive components that trick the resident males into allowing them to remain near their sites .
the interesting point about the satellites is that their behaviour includes many submissive [parts] that trick the resident males into allowing them to remain near their sites .

Check that the components of the hardwood door frame go together neatly …
check that the [parts] of the hardwood door frame go together neatly …

Cisterns usually need the main components assembling before installation , and offer the choice of left or right-hand operation .
cisterns usually need the main [parts] assembling before installation , and offer the choice of left or right-hand operation .

Large scale problems or decisions are usually more effectively tackled by being systematically broken down into more manageable components .
large scale problems or decisions are usually more effectively tackled by being systematically broken down into more manageable [parts] .

By harnessing the energies of others to work on these components managers can achieve results which would otherwise be beyond them as individuals .
by harnessing the energies of others to work on these [parts] managers can achieve results which would otherwise be beyond them as individuals .

And , of course , this type of understanding is one of the vital components of a successful relationship .
and , of course , this type of understanding is one of the vital [parts] of a successful relationship .

Psychologists have broken down ‘ real ’ jobs into a series of ‘ simple ’ components and have then devised tests for assessing these simpler components .
psychologists have broken down ‘ real ’ jobs into a series of ‘ simple ’ [parts] and have then devised tests for assessing these simpler [parts] .

The simple components are as follows .
the simple [parts] are as follows .

There are two other components that tasks can possess , short-term memory and vigilance .
there are two other [parts] that tasks can possess , short-term memory and vigilance .

To illustrate the ways in which different components of performance can be assessed , we will consider examples from a small selection of the tests that have been devised .
to illustrate the ways in which different [parts] of performance can be assessed , we will consider examples from a small selection of the tests that have been devised .

Group 3 : Tests stressing a co-ordination between sensory and motor components
group 3 : tests stressing a co-ordination between sensory and motor [parts]

• several types of test ( and therefore several components of mental performance ) have been combined .
• several types of test ( and therefore several [parts] of mental performance ) have been combined .

The end result is that components with a 24-hour period are dominant , both in the environment and in the body clock , by the time the child has reached his fifth birthday .
the end result is that [parts] with a 24-hour period are dominant , both in the environment and in the body clock , by the time the child has reached his fifth birthday .

In addition , many components of jet-lag — altered sleep , fatigue , loss of appetite , changed bowel movements — are found , and the rate of adjustment of the body rhythms to a simulated time-zone transition is similar to that observed after real transitions .
in addition , many [parts] of jet-lag — altered sleep , fatigue , loss of appetite , changed bowel movements — are found , and the rate of adjustment of the body rhythms to a simulated time-zone transition is similar to that observed after real transitions .

Now working in a larger kitchen and with more staff than in his previous position as head chef at Turner 's restaurant in London , he is able to produce more intricate dishes with a greater number of components to them .
now working in a larger kitchen and with more staff than in his previous position as head chef at turner 's restaurant in london , he is able to produce more intricate dishes with a greater number of [parts] to them .

Where the fire-resistance of a cast-iron member must be increased , it is no longer necessary to apply protective materials which conceal the shape and ‘ character ’ of the components .
where the fire-resistance of a cast-iron member must be increased , it is no longer necessary to apply protective materials which conceal the shape and ‘ character ’ of the [parts] .

Iron fittings could replace wooden components gradually , allowing major alterations to take place over a long period .
iron fittings could replace wooden [parts] gradually , allowing major alterations to take place over a long period .

As the majority of the mill machinery remained — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these components were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , Michael Manser decided to retain most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ display , reminding visitors of the mill 's former function , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( Fig 56 ) .
as the majority of the mill machinery remained — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these [parts] were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , michael manser decided to retain most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ display , reminding visitors of the mill 's former function , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( fig 56 ) .

Verri was not an airline man , but the president of the components group of the Swedish firm Electrolux .
verri was not an airline man , but the president of the [parts] group of the swedish firm electrolux .

The three components are political , tactical and strategic .
the three [parts] are political , tactical and strategic .

We may think of consciousness as having two components : sensation and perception on the one hand and willing or agency on the other ; or input and output .
we may think of consciousness as having two [parts] : sensation and perception on the one hand and willing or agency on the other ; or input and output .

But the scattered activity of different parts of the nervous system seems to converge only at the cost of merging , and so losing , the components that come together in the process of convergence , rather in the manner of snowflakes joining a drift .
but the scattered activity of different parts of the nervous system seems to converge only at the cost of merging , and so losing , the [parts] that come together in the process of convergence , rather in the manner of snowflakes joining a drift .

While the party contains many who actively seek peace and reconciliation , it would be wrong to think of them in any sense as overcoming the basic conflictual components of bloc power in Ireland .
while the party contains many who actively seek peace and reconciliation , it would be wrong to think of them in any sense as overcoming the basic conflictual [parts] of bloc power in ireland .

The Republican and Nationalist Components
the republican and nationalist [parts]

If , for instance , a certain portion of a design includes a number of long , narrow , shapes ( eg tree branches ) then the grain in those components should be arranged to run along , rather than across , the strips ; just commonsense , but keep an eye on it .
if , for instance , a certain portion of a design includes a number of long , narrow , shapes ( eg tree branches ) then the grain in those [parts] should be arranged to run along , rather than across , the strips ; just commonsense , but keep an eye on it .

Lay out the components in their final formation .
lay out the [parts] in their final formation .

Shielded internal door latching components
shielded internal door latching [parts]

The discomfort in uncomplicated male gonorrhoea is made up of two components .
the discomfort in uncomplicated male gonorrhoea is made up of two [parts] .

While shelf-life is determined by the stability of the product , it is important not to lose sight of the fact that stability is made up of two distinct components . These are
while shelf-life is determined by the stability of the product , it is important not to lose sight of the fact that stability is made up of two distinct [parts] . these are

’ Biographical time , the most complex of the three , the most various in the chronotopal forms it takes , and the most influential on later developments of the novel , places character at its centre , organizing space and time around it , variously tracing time as a spiritual or intellectual journey through a symbolic landscape , unfolding character through a series of acts and deeds , or tracing character through the different components of domestic and public life — family life , conduct in war , memorable sayings .
’ biographical time , the most complex of the three , the most various in the chronotopal forms it takes , and the most influential on later developments of the novel , places character at its centre , organizing space and time around it , variously tracing time as a spiritual or intellectual journey through a symbolic landscape , unfolding character through a series of acts and deeds , or tracing character through the different [parts] of domestic and public life — family life , conduct in war , memorable sayings .

It was named tyrothricin and was later shown to contain two polypeptide components , which were named gramicidin and tyrocidine .
it was named tyrothricin and was later shown to contain two polypeptide [parts] , which were named gramicidin and tyrocidine .

In 1940 , no one knew how the components of nucleic acids fitted together , but there was no doubt that they included certain pyrimidines ( cytosine , thymine and uracil ) and purines ( adenine and guanine ) .
in 1940 , no one knew how the [parts] of nucleic acids fitted together , but there was no doubt that they included certain pyrimidines ( cytosine , thymine and uracil ) and purines ( adenine and guanine ) .

Food was unlikely to provide exactly the right nucleic acids ready-made , and it was more likely that they were being built up from their components .
food was unlikely to provide exactly the right nucleic acids ready-made , and it was more likely that they were being built up from their [parts] .

Pre-printed Romanian envelopes break the citizen 's whereabouts down into ten components : Strada , Nr .
pre-printed romanian envelopes break the citizen 's whereabouts down into ten [parts] : strada , nr .

Weight-saving by the increased use of aluminium for engine and suspension components is believed to be a high priority .
weight-saving by the increased use of aluminium for engine and suspension [parts] is believed to be a high priority .

Additional components comprise an extra electro-hydraulic control valve to actuate fourth-to-fifth and fifth-to-fourth shifts and the extra gear set itself .
additional [parts] comprise an extra electro-hydraulic control valve to actuate fourth-to-fifth and fifth-to-fourth shifts and the extra gear set itself .

Leland 's secret of success was bringing a gun-maker 's insistence on accuracy and precision to the production of car components .
leland 's secret of success was bringing a gun-maker 's insistence on accuracy and precision to the production of car [parts] .

All the right components had been used for a power casting rig , 60 lb main trace line , heavy duty swivels along with good links .
all the right [parts] had been used for a power casting rig , 60 lb main trace line , heavy duty swivels along with good links .

Will materials , components , and the product be made internally or purchased from outside ?
will materials , [parts] , and the product be made internally or purchased from outside ?

Where will the materials , components or product be made ?
where will the materials , [parts] or product be made ?

The work-force was pruned by two thousand people and a new management structure was introduced to reduce Westland 's dependence on helicopter sales and place greater emphasis on new technologies and components for the aerospace industry .
the work-force was pruned by two thousand people and a new management structure was introduced to reduce westland 's dependence on helicopter sales and place greater emphasis on new technologies and [parts] for the aerospace industry .

There has to be the possibility that the politics can be put at risk by the aesthetics , or the relationship as well as each of its components will be inert .
there has to be the possibility that the politics can be put at risk by the aesthetics , or the relationship as well as each of its [parts] will be inert .

Most post-independence governments had , at one level , a commitment to an economic transformation with several components .
most post-independence governments had , at one level , a commitment to an economic transformation with several [parts] .

This became enshrined in popular memory as the ‘ winter of discontent ’ in which all the components of the British malaise emerged in heightened colours .
this became enshrined in popular memory as the ‘ winter of discontent ’ in which all the [parts] of the british malaise emerged in heightened colours .

Certainly , the components of Britain 's élite of leadership changed considerably in this period .
certainly , the [parts] of britain 's élite of leadership changed considerably in this period .

In the aerospace and motor industry contexts , composites use different components but deploy them to similar ends .
in the aerospace and motor industry contexts , composites use different [parts] but deploy them to similar ends .

Composite bodies can be fabricated in fewer , larger components , and that makes curing time less of a drawback than it appears .
composite bodies can be fabricated in fewer , larger [parts] , and that makes curing time less of a drawback than it appears .

And , of the instinctual components necessarily repressed and sublimated in the service of culture , the coprophilic is one of the most significant , says Freud : ‘ the excremental is all too intimately and inseparably bound up with the sexual ; the position of the genitals — inter urinas et faeces — remains the decisive and unchangeable factor ’ ( vii .
and , of the instinctual [parts] necessarily repressed and sublimated in the service of culture , the coprophilic is one of the most significant , says freud : ‘ the excremental is all too intimately and inseparably bound up with the sexual ; the position of the genitals — inter urinas et faeces — remains the decisive and unchangeable factor ’ ( vii .

In both cases the alleged safety violation concerns operators dropping nuclear components .
in both cases the alleged safety violation concerns operators dropping nuclear [parts] .

Founded in 1968 , it pioneered the modern micro processor and now mainly supplies components for other electronics firms .
founded in 1968 , it pioneered the modern micro processor and now mainly supplies [parts] for other electronics firms .

Under a giant makeshift marquee , Tadashi Kume , the president of Honda , promised that the Japanese company would become a ‘ good citizen of Europe ’ buying 80 per cent of components for its Swindon-built cars from European suppliers .
under a giant makeshift marquee , tadashi kume , the president of honda , promised that the japanese company would become a ‘ good citizen of europe ’ buying 80 per cent of [parts] for its swindon-built cars from european suppliers .

Lacking the ability perhaps to identify the chemical components in proper scientific vocabulary , the groups may exchange emotions , fears and hopes — and may then go on to decipher the chemical nomenclature together , if it proves to be necessary , and desirable that they do so .
lacking the ability perhaps to identify the chemical [parts] in proper scientific vocabulary , the groups may exchange emotions , fears and hopes — and may then go on to decipher the chemical nomenclature together , if it proves to be necessary , and desirable that they do so .

It will be of particular interest to analysts investigating batch-to-batch product variations seeking adulterants in samples , characterising or sourcing raw materials and monitoring for specific components or component mixtures in a complex chromatogram .
it will be of particular interest to analysts investigating batch-to-batch product variations seeking adulterants in samples , characterising or sourcing raw materials and monitoring for specific [parts] or component mixtures in a complex chromatogram .

The ‘ à la carte ’ range allows users to create systems to their own specifications from a wide range of modular components .
the ‘ à la carte ’ range allows users to create systems to their own specifications from a wide range of modular [parts] .

Good energy management may be approached by considering the three components : time , level and efficiency ( Box 1 ) .
good energy management may be approached by considering the three [parts] : time , level and efficiency ( box 1 ) .

Cars and auto components have been made in Birmingham since their invention , and the Rover Group still manufactures here .
cars and auto [parts] have been made in birmingham since their invention , and the rover group still manufactures here .

Forestry and fishing provide fewer jobs than agriculture , but they are still very important components of the rural economy in many areas .
forestry and fishing provide fewer jobs than agriculture , but they are still very important [parts] of the rural economy in many areas .

The other ingredient in the system is octanoic acid octyl ester , which acts as ‘ substrate ’ for the creation of new structural components .
the other ingredient in the system is octanoic acid octyl ester , which acts as ‘ substrate ’ for the creation of new structural [parts] .

The problem is , of course , that , with only a few exceptions , there is no unique relation between an industry 's inputs of imported materials or components and its exports .
the problem is , of course , that , with only a few exceptions , there is no unique relation between an industry 's inputs of imported materials or [parts] and its exports .

It may first be noted , from column ( 1 ) , that there is a fairly wide dispersion in population size between these eight federal components .
it may first be noted , from column ( 1 ) , that there is a fairly wide dispersion in population size between these eight federal [parts] .

Industry sources suggested that Williams Holdings , the conglomerate , or Triplex Lloyd , the foundries and building components company which owns 1.6 per cent of Neill , might be planning a bid .
industry sources suggested that williams holdings , the conglomerate , or triplex lloyd , the foundries and building [parts] company which owns 1.6 per cent of neill , might be planning a bid .

Nor is there enough space at the side of the production lines to stock components .
nor is there enough space at the side of the production lines to stock [parts] .

The new binaries are claimed by their advocates to be safer than the older ‘ unitary ’ weapons because they use two chemical components that only become lethal when combined during the firing of the weapon .
the new binaries are claimed by their advocates to be safer than the older ‘ unitary ’ weapons because they use two chemical [parts] that only become lethal when combined during the firing of the weapon .

Fitting the system is a fairly simple matter and all components come on a frame which can be simply attached to most sprayers .
fitting the system is a fairly simple matter and all [parts] come on a frame which can be simply attached to most sprayers .

‘ You would hit a gob of grass , but the engine revs just would n't drop , so it would put strain on other components , ’ he says .
‘ you would hit a gob of grass , but the engine revs just would n't drop , so it would put strain on other [parts] , ’ he says .

But unless certain sticky components are first extracted chemically , fuel system bits soon clog .
but unless certain sticky [parts] are first extracted chemically , fuel system bits soon clog .

Arthur Exell , who worked at Morris Radiators , supplying components for Morris Motors at Cowley in the 1930s , has recorded his experiences as a working man in a new and expanding Morris Motors .
arthur exell , who worked at morris radiators , supplying [parts] for morris motors at cowley in the 1930s , has recorded his experiences as a working man in a new and expanding morris motors .

Grits and Sands : Traditional components of soil-based compost .
grits and sands : traditional [parts] of soil-based compost .

In developing the short list of manufacturing locations he proposed to establish to produce the new products which would incorporate all the latest technologies , he had detailed the comparative costs of manufacture per country and identified the economic and commercial advantages and disadvantages of selling components into specific European countries from single and dual manufacturing sources .
in developing the short list of manufacturing locations he proposed to establish to produce the new products which would incorporate all the latest technologies , he had detailed the comparative costs of manufacture per country and identified the economic and commercial advantages and disadvantages of selling [parts] into specific european countries from single and dual manufacturing sources .

So what 's different about Mark 's plan to sell components from our European plants into the United States , if we can save the Corporation a billion dollars a year by doin ' so ?
so what 's different about mark 's plan to sell [parts] from our european plants into the united states , if we can save the corporation a billion dollars a year by doin ' so ?

The Corporation 's major vehicle assembler in Turkey was in serious difficulties , due to the fact that the new Government had slapped an embargo on the importation of components to conserve its diminishing currency reserves .
the corporation 's major vehicle assembler in turkey was in serious difficulties , due to the fact that the new government had slapped an embargo on the importation of [parts] to conserve its diminishing currency reserves .

What made Nate and the executive committee think that guys like Klepner and Mueller knew more about the European components ’ business than the Europeans ?
what made nate and the executive committee think that guys like klepner and mueller knew more about the european [parts] ’ business than the europeans ?

Spotting Muldoon , he asked , ‘ Any comments , Pat , from a components viewpoint ? ’
spotting muldoon , he asked , ‘ any comments , pat , from a [parts] viewpoint ? ’

The main item on the agenda was the Components ’ Business Plan .
the main item on the agenda was the [parts] ’ business plan .

Dammit , the Components Plan was the main subject on the agenda .
dammit , the [parts] plan was the main subject on the agenda .

The components presentation came on after lunch .
the [parts] presentation came on after lunch .

He proceeded to explain the Plan , starting with a brief review of the world components market which positioned Europe to the rest of the world and led straight into the Plan .
he proceeded to explain the plan , starting with a brief review of the world [parts] market which positioned europe to the rest of the world and led straight into the plan .

Several Americans around the long table , including Mueller and the head of the British Components division , were shaking their heads slowly .
several americans around the long table , including mueller and the head of the british [parts] division , were shaking their heads slowly .

As an afterthought , Mueller added , ‘ What about the Components ’ Plan ?
as an afterthought , mueller added , ‘ what about the [parts] ’ plan ?

He would then take over the European Components ' planning activity when everything was centralised in Detroit .
he would then take over the european [parts] ' planning activity when everything was centralised in detroit .

His first step was to request that all copies of the European Vehicle and Components ’ Plan be withdrawn from circulation .
his first step was to request that all copies of the european vehicle and [parts] ’ plan be withdrawn from circulation .

If he wants to import vehicles or components from Taiwan or Singapore or Hong Kong into Europe , he 'll go ahead and do it , regardless of the economic consequences for the European countries concerned .
if he wants to import vehicles or [parts] from taiwan or singapore or hong kong into europe , he 'll go ahead and do it , regardless of the economic consequences for the european countries concerned .

He 'll be Mueller 's European components ’ Planning Manager in Detroit .
he 'll be mueller 's european [parts] ’ planning manager in detroit .

‘ Similarly , the Austrian Government has made it clear that unless multi-nationals manufacture vehicles or components within the country to correct its trade deficit , then it will be obliged to take appropriate steps to close its domestic markets to their products . ’
‘ similarly , the austrian government has made it clear that unless multi-nationals manufacture vehicles or [parts] within the country to correct its trade deficit , then it will be obliged to take appropriate steps to close its domestic markets to their products . ’

‘ How very interesting . And pray do tell me which countries will have to accept the exports of motor vehicles or components from Spain , say , as a result of anything which might be agreed between United Motors and the Spanish Government ? ’
‘ how very interesting . and pray do tell me which countries will have to accept the exports of motor vehicles or [parts] from spain , say , as a result of anything which might be agreed between united motors and the spanish government ? ’

Furthermore , any number of metal components can be joined together to make complex shapes , leading to an almost limitless variety of products .
furthermore , any number of metal [parts] can be joined together to make complex shapes , leading to an almost limitless variety of products .

Where several components had to be soldered together it was vital that the heating for the last piece to be attached did not melt the solder already in place .
where several [parts] had to be soldered together it was vital that the heating for the last piece to be attached did not melt the solder already in place .

The ceramic and soil contain minute quantities of uranium , thorium and potassium which are radioactive , and when these decay they produce alpha , beta and gamma radiation ( potassium contributes only to the beta and gamma components ) .
the ceramic and soil contain minute quantities of uranium , thorium and potassium which are radioactive , and when these decay they produce alpha , beta and gamma radiation ( potassium contributes only to the beta and gamma [parts] ) .

The radioactive components in the pottery and the soil are uranium , thorium and potassium , which can be readily detected by analytical techniques such as neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , and their contributions to the dose rate then calculated from knowledge of how they decay radioactively .
the radioactive [parts] in the pottery and the soil are uranium , thorium and potassium , which can be readily detected by analytical techniques such as neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , and their contributions to the dose rate then calculated from knowledge of how they decay radioactively .

This applies to both the major components which the craftsman deliberately mixed together to form the final product , and also to the trace elements of which he was probably ignorant , but which can indicate the likely source of some of the materials , thus enabling us to distinguish the genuine from the spurious .
this applies to both the major [parts] which the craftsman deliberately mixed together to form the final product , and also to the trace elements of which he was probably ignorant , but which can indicate the likely source of some of the materials , thus enabling us to distinguish the genuine from the spurious .

Sometimes the composition of the solders used to hold together the components of the objects can themselves be indicators of age .
sometimes the composition of the solders used to hold together the [parts] of the objects can themselves be indicators of age .

In the structure of water the basic components or molecules exist in a free flowing state loosely bound together by forces of mutual attraction .
in the structure of water the basic [parts] or molecules exist in a free flowing state loosely bound together by forces of mutual attraction .

With a detergent in action millions of tadpole-like components , led by their hydrophobic tails , seek out and attach themselves to the surface of dirt at any interface and congregate there in order to avoid the water .
with a detergent in action millions of tadpole-like [parts] , led by their hydrophobic tails , seek out and attach themselves to the surface of dirt at any interface and congregate there in order to avoid the water .

They are used mainly as components with other detergents to form commercial blends .
they are used mainly as [parts] with other detergents to form commercial blends .

Cost differences between products are mainly attributable to the differing proportions of sequestrants as these are the most expensive components .
cost differences between products are mainly attributable to the differing proportions of sequestrants as these are the most expensive [parts] .

Invariably such products are sold at a premium price quite unjustified by the cost of their components .
invariably such products are sold at a premium price quite unjustified by the cost of their [parts] .

The document should list products by generic name with a breakdown of chemical components to avoid confusion .
the document should list products by generic name with a breakdown of chemical [parts] to avoid confusion .

Most equipment will need partial or complete dismantling and subsequent reassembly and some components may be cleaned by methods different to those used on the main body .
most equipment will need partial or complete dismantling and subsequent reassembly and some [parts] may be cleaned by methods different to those used on the main body .

In his lucid and highly combative essay , ‘ Sur quelques notions périmées ’ ( 1957 ) , he stressed that the formal components of the realist novel reflected the dominant ideology of bourgeois society :
in his lucid and highly combative essay , ‘ sur quelques notions périmées ’ ( 1957 ) , he stressed that the formal [parts] of the realist novel reflected the dominant ideology of bourgeois society :

Designed to allow ventilation at the apex of lean-to roofs the new Abutment Ventilation System utilises the major components of Marley 's Ventilated Dry Ridge System with the addition of a lead support strip .
designed to allow ventilation at the apex of lean-to roofs the new abutment ventilation system utilises the major [parts] of marley 's ventilated dry ridge system with the addition of a lead support strip .

This letter is to let you know our intent subject to contract to draw up a publishing agreement for the components of Project Video Level 1 .
this letter is to let you know our intent subject to contract to draw up a publishing agreement for the [parts] of project video level 1 .

This letter is to let you know our intent subject to contract to draw up a publishing agreement for the components of Project Video Level 1 .
this letter is to let you know our intent subject to contract to draw up a publishing agreement for the [parts] of project video level 1 .

The leader was perhaps doing no more than drawing on the enthusiasm detectable in each of the two components of the party for the idea of citizenship .
the leader was perhaps doing no more than drawing on the enthusiasm detectable in each of the two [parts] of the party for the idea of citizenship .

This aspect has a bearing on two further components , social cohesion , which has to do with the sense of community and national identity , and what Heater has called civic virtue .
this aspect has a bearing on two further [parts] , social cohesion , which has to do with the sense of community and national identity , and what heater has called civic virtue .

Hops thus contain both flavour and bittering components making them valuable ingredients in brewing .
hops thus contain both flavour and bittering [parts] making them valuable ingredients in brewing .

Carbon dioxide also offers the flexibility to separate the hop components into bitter and flavour fractions .
carbon dioxide also offers the flexibility to separate the hop [parts] into bitter and flavour fractions .

‘ The essential components — alpha acids for bitterness and the volatile oils — are both soluble in liquid CO&sub2 ; . ’
‘ the essential [parts] — alpha acids for bitterness and the volatile oils — are both soluble in liquid co&sub2 ; . ’

Kits are available with four basic components — surrounds , inserts , hearth and the fire itself .
kits are available with four basic [parts] — surrounds , inserts , hearth and the fire itself .

The components involved , laid out for inspection .
the [parts] involved , laid out for inspection .

Connect the pop-up bath waste from the rear of the bath , adjusting the waste so the components match up with the holes in the bath . Then screw overflow and waste grids to the waste pipe sections
connect the pop-up bath waste from the rear of the bath , adjusting the waste so the [parts] match up with the holes in the bath . then screw overflow and waste grids to the waste pipe sections

However , there is nothing in the White Paper to act as a positive incentive for such work , and Age Concern is worried by the proposal in Working Paper 3 that once allocations are made to practices holding their own budgets , they will be free to shift expenditure within the year between the individual components of the budget .
however , there is nothing in the white paper to act as a positive incentive for such work , and age concern is worried by the proposal in working paper 3 that once allocations are made to practices holding their own budgets , they will be free to shift expenditure within the year between the individual [parts] of the budget .

Then we broke it down into smaller components to set us scale it down .
then we broke it down into smaller [parts] to set us scale it down .

With such a range of useful properties , the Berkeley team envisage as chip in which insulating , semiconducting and superconducting components are fabricated together , based on epitaxial layers .
with such a range of useful properties , the berkeley team envisage as chip in which insulating , semiconducting and superconducting [parts] are fabricated together , based on epitaxial layers .

However the presence of very large fundamental and odd harmonic components in the output makes the isolation of the small even harmonics a very daunting task .
however the presence of very large fundamental and odd harmonic [parts] in the output makes the isolation of the small even harmonics a very daunting task .

Hewlett carried on a great trade , producing many components for the network of tramroads that were then being developed in the Forest .
hewlett carried on a great trade , producing many [parts] for the network of tramroads that were then being developed in the forest .

The site continued as a foundry until the mid-1860s , and the following years saw Peter Constance , who already had an interest in the site , making various turned wooden components , such as handles and brushes .
the site continued as a foundry until the mid-1860s , and the following years saw peter constance , who already had an interest in the site , making various turned wooden [parts] , such as handles and brushes .

Various components are quite sophisticated , such as the jack ring assemblies , adjusted by a hand wheel operating through a pair of bevel gears .
various [parts] are quite sophisticated , such as the jack ring assemblies , adjusted by a hand wheel operating through a pair of bevel gears .

These are grouped for assessment and reporting purposes into three profile components — for speaking and listening ( attainment target 1 ) , reading ( attainment target 2 ) and writing ( attainment targets 3 , 4 and 5 ) .
these are grouped for assessment and reporting purposes into three profile [parts] — for speaking and listening ( attainment target 1 ) , reading ( attainment target 2 ) and writing ( attainment targets 3 , 4 and 5 ) .

Attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile components to make assessment and reporting manageable ; ( c ) ten different levels of attainment should be identified within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling .
attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile [parts] to make assessment and reporting manageable ; ( c ) ten different levels of attainment should be identified within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling .

Profile components , attainment targets and programmes of study
profile [parts] , attainment targets and programmes of study

1.8 The three profile components we recommend are as follows : • speaking and listening — with one attainment target : the development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .
1.8 the three profile [parts] we recommend are as follows : • speaking and listening — with one attainment target : the development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .

We believe that all three profile components are equally important and should therefore receive equal attention in the classroom .
we believe that all three profile [parts] are equally important and should therefore receive equal attention in the classroom .

For the purpose of reporting assessment , we also believe that the profile components should have equal weighting at key stages 1 to 3 , but that in key stage 4 heavier weighting should be given to reading and writing — in the ratio of approximately 40:40:20 for Reading , Writing , Speaking and listening respectively ( see chapter 14 ) .
for the purpose of reporting assessment , we also believe that the profile [parts] should have equal weighting at key stages 1 to 3 , but that in key stage 4 heavier weighting should be given to reading and writing — in the ratio of approximately 40:40:20 for reading , writing , speaking and listening respectively ( see chapter 14 ) .

1.10 The profile components are interrelated .
1.10 the profile [parts] are interrelated .

If you are not sure of what you are doing then leave alone to entrust to someone who does as ‘ mixing ’ brake components can have dire consequences .
if you are not sure of what you are doing then leave alone to entrust to someone who does as ‘ mixing ’ brake [parts] can have dire consequences .

Many of the axle components will swap : a 1984 , 88 inch swivel housing will fit a 1948 , 80 inch .
many of the axle [parts] will swap : a 1984 , 88 inch swivel housing will fit a 1948 , 80 inch .

‘ Hmm , ’ said Stuart Baxter . ‘ Not exactly secret weapons you 're making , are they , Vic ? Gearbox casings for tanks , engine components for trucks … Any of your people had to be vetted ? Have you signed the Official Secrets Act ? ’
‘ hmm , ’ said stuart baxter . ‘ not exactly secret weapons you 're making , are they , vic ? gearbox casings for tanks , engine [parts] for trucks … any of your people had to be vetted ? have you signed the official secrets act ? ’

After the 1907 elections , the national components of the party operated increasingly independently .
after the 1907 elections , the national [parts] of the party operated increasingly independently .

Furthermore , the idea that nations were indestructible components of social life was an historical fantasy .
furthermore , the idea that nations were indestructible [parts] of social life was an historical fantasy .

They are able to take in chemicals and convert them into usable energy and to synthesize all the components of the cell during growth that eventually leads to cell multiplication .
they are able to take in chemicals and convert them into usable energy and to synthesize all the [parts] of the cell during growth that eventually leads to cell multiplication .

Plastics , wood and chlorine are just some of the components of waste which , when burnt , generate compounds called dioxins , extremely toxic substances which are known to cause cancer in animals .
plastics , wood and chlorine are just some of the [parts] of waste which , when burnt , generate compounds called dioxins , extremely toxic substances which are known to cause cancer in animals .

For example , if you were able to work out a new method of organizing stock shelves so that components were more quickly available to people on the factory floor this would show perfectly that you ‘ are able to show initiative ’ .
for example , if you were able to work out a new method of organizing stock shelves so that [parts] were more quickly available to people on the factory floor this would show perfectly that you ‘ are able to show initiative ’ .

Alcohol is one of the five energy-containing components of ‘ food ’ … the others are proteins , fats , starches and sugars .
alcohol is one of the five energy-containing [parts] of ‘ food ’ … the others are proteins , fats , starches and sugars .

These are the vital components of your engine 's breathing system .
these are the vital [parts] of your engine 's breathing system .

It consists of the following three components : ( 1 ) Benefits which have to be paid to the unemployed : these include unemployment benefit , supplementary benefit , housing benefit , government contributions to redundancy payments and payments to those men aged between sixty and sixty-five who no longer register as unemployed .
it consists of the following three [parts] : ( 1 ) benefits which have to be paid to the unemployed : these include unemployment benefit , supplementary benefit , housing benefit , government contributions to redundancy payments and payments to those men aged between sixty and sixty-five who no longer register as unemployed .

Ideas of comparison and ordering come from playing with the many toys with graded components , e.g. Russian nesting dolls , pyramid rings , stacking cubes and boxes .
ideas of comparison and ordering come from playing with the many toys with graded [parts] , e.g. russian nesting dolls , pyramid rings , stacking cubes and boxes .

These statements embody two key components of the conceptual boundaries of the project :
these statements embody two key [parts] of the conceptual boundaries of the project :

The unification of Germany protected the lifestyle of the Prussian Junkers — indeed , the Junkers ' need to protect themselves and their lifestyle from the disrupting effects of outside economic competition through the creation and extension of a tariff union had been one of the major components in the formation of the German state .
the unification of germany protected the lifestyle of the prussian junkers — indeed , the junkers ' need to protect themselves and their lifestyle from the disrupting effects of outside economic competition through the creation and extension of a tariff union had been one of the major [parts] in the formation of the german state .

We are now attempting to identify the worst components of the transportation procedure to make recommendations for improvements in the design of lorries or in driving or handling practice .
we are now attempting to identify the worst [parts] of the transportation procedure to make recommendations for improvements in the design of lorries or in driving or handling practice .

Essential oils , or essences as they are often called , are the odoriferous , volatile ( they readily evaporate ) liquid components of aromatic plants .
essential oils , or essences as they are often called , are the odoriferous , volatile ( they readily evaporate ) liquid [parts] of aromatic plants .

They may consist of hundreds of components such as terpenes , alcohols , aldehydes , esters and , no doubt , many other as yet undiscovered components .
they may consist of hundreds of [parts] such as terpenes , alcohols , aldehydes , esters and , no doubt , many other as yet undiscovered [parts] .

the square roots obtained from all the interest category loan components are totalled and then each individual square root is calculated as a percentage of that total .
the square roots obtained from all the interest category loan [parts] are totalled and then each individual square root is calculated as a percentage of that total .

Broadleaved woodlands — predominantly oak in the uplands but mixed deciduous in the lowlands , lowland wetlands , lakes and marshes , plant-rich pastures and hay meadows are all important components of the natural environment .
broadleaved woodlands — predominantly oak in the uplands but mixed deciduous in the lowlands , lowland wetlands , lakes and marshes , plant-rich pastures and hay meadows are all important [parts] of the natural environment .

( 1 ) The components
( 1 ) the [parts]

Even if the possession of essential components was crucial to man , which it is not , would it be justified to say that an animal which does not have these components could not feel pain ?
even if the possession of essential [parts] was crucial to man , which it is not , would it be justified to say that an animal which does not have these [parts] could not feel pain ?

We have seen that the reflexes in man whether muscular , autonomic or endocrine are components of our reaction to injury .
we have seen that the reflexes in man whether muscular , autonomic or endocrine are [parts] of our reaction to injury .

No one has yet formulated an entirely comprehensive definition of sexual harassment , but the key components of such conduct are that it is sexual in nature and unwanted .
no one has yet formulated an entirely comprehensive definition of sexual harassment , but the key [parts] of such conduct are that it is sexual in nature and unwanted .

The redesign of the course manual , and the introduction of separate laboratory and problem-solving components , were carried out as part of a PhD project .
the redesign of the course manual , and the introduction of separate laboratory and problem-solving [parts] , were carried out as part of a phd project .

Mixing Why your components wo n't .
mixing why your [parts] wo n't .

The system seems to work well with staple foods and major components of meals , but problems could arise with some of the portion sizes — for example , calculations for cheese are mostly expressed by single 40 g slice and for nuts anything from 9 halves to 32 kernels .
the system seems to work well with staple foods and major [parts] of meals , but problems could arise with some of the portion sizes — for example , calculations for cheese are mostly expressed by single 40 g slice and for nuts anything from 9 halves to 32 kernels .

It must be stressed that many other dietary components such as calcium , other divalent ions and trace elements may be equally important with respect to blood pressure ( McCarron et al , 1982 ; Saltman , 1983 ) .
it must be stressed that many other dietary [parts] such as calcium , other divalent ions and trace elements may be equally important with respect to blood pressure ( mccarron et al , 1982 ; saltman , 1983 ) .

This event , according to Ross and co-workers , is followed by deposition of intra-cellular and extracellular lipid and accumulation of other components , including collagen ( Ross & Glomset , 1976 ; Ross & Marker , 1976 ) .
this event , according to ross and co-workers , is followed by deposition of intra-cellular and extracellular lipid and accumulation of other [parts] , including collagen ( ross & glomset , 1976 ; ross & marker , 1976 ) .

The trilaminar unit membrane of the peripheral zone which provides the physiochemical separation between extracellular and intracellular constituents has important components including the sodium/potassium ATPase .
the trilaminar unit membrane of the peripheral zone which provides the physiochemical separation between extracellular and intracellular constituents has important [parts] including the sodium/potassium atpase .

The major matrix components identified from core observations or measurements are quartz , dolomite , illite and kaolinite .
the major matrix [parts] identified from core observations or measurements are quartz , dolomite , illite and kaolinite .

Large or small organisations may comprise a variety of functional groups , some undertaking essentially manual tasks ( eg assembling or manufacturing components ) , others involved with sales , marketing , costing etc , and others with indirect support work such as typing , filing , and the distribution of correspondence .
large or small organisations may comprise a variety of functional groups , some undertaking essentially manual tasks ( eg assembling or manufacturing [parts] ) , others involved with sales , marketing , costing etc , and others with indirect support work such as typing , filing , and the distribution of correspondence .

Consideration was then given to the requirements of the formal systems model , eg the relationships between the system components ( taken in this case to be information flows ) , the resources needed for the system to operate , and how the system would be regulated and controlled .
consideration was then given to the requirements of the formal systems model , eg the relationships between the system [parts] ( taken in this case to be information flows ) , the resources needed for the system to operate , and how the system would be regulated and controlled .

As a matter of procedure , it was agreed that all the monitoring and control components of the model would be given the suffix ‘ .1 ’ , whereas all other components would be numbered in a convenient order , ie depending on their place in the diagram , rather than annotated to indicate a logical sequence of events .
as a matter of procedure , it was agreed that all the monitoring and control [parts] of the model would be given the suffix ‘ .1 ’ , whereas all other [parts] would be numbered in a convenient order , ie depending on their place in the diagram , rather than annotated to indicate a logical sequence of events .

It is normally impossible to display all the components of an expanded system model in the same plane ( without using the whole wall of an office ! )
it is normally impossible to display all the [parts] of an expanded system model in the same plane ( without using the whole wall of an office ! )

For example , many of the system components made use of , or generated , information about residents — their names , their preferences , their current state of health , and so on .
for example , many of the system [parts] made use of , or generated , information about residents — their names , their preferences , their current state of health , and so on .

The most difficult part of the process was attempting to identify information links between the system components , ie the source of information required by the activity , and the destination of the information produced .
the most difficult part of the process was attempting to identify information links between the system [parts] , ie the source of information required by the activity , and the destination of the information produced .

In retrospect , the research might have been easier in a situation with fewer functional elements , as a great deal of time and effort was directed at trying to tabulate the information links between the system components and construct a comprehensive information model .
in retrospect , the research might have been easier in a situation with fewer functional elements , as a great deal of time and effort was directed at trying to tabulate the information links between the system [parts] and construct a comprehensive information model .

As such , they are simplified versions of the working models used during the analysis , which became extremely complicated due to the interactivity between the components , usually represented as a series of inputs and outputs of relevant information .
as such , they are simplified versions of the working models used during the analysis , which became extremely complicated due to the interactivity between the [parts] , usually represented as a series of inputs and outputs of relevant information .

For example , having expanded components 1.0 to 7.0 of the model shown in Fig 12.5 , it became apparent that the main input to sub-system 8.0 ( ie ‘ adjust income/expenditure ’ ) was the detail of the College allocation of the total budget , with secondary inputs of information about the actual costs of providing the appropriate level of education .
for example , having expanded [parts] 1.0 to 7.0 of the model shown in fig 12.5 , it became apparent that the main input to sub-system 8.0 ( ie ‘ adjust income/expenditure ’ ) was the detail of the college allocation of the total budget , with secondary inputs of information about the actual costs of providing the appropriate level of education .

The components of the model are expressed as verbs .
the [parts] of the model are expressed as verbs .

It is often difficult to show on the model precisely how the components interact ( eg by a transfer of information or resources ) , particularly when drawing high-level models where such interactions may be extremely complex .
it is often difficult to show on the model precisely how the [parts] interact ( eg by a transfer of information or resources ) , particularly when drawing high-level models where such interactions may be extremely complex .

However , it is important to show the links between components , even if the detail is not included .
however , it is important to show the links between [parts] , even if the detail is not included .

The ‘ monitoring and control ’ sub-system , which relates to all components of the model , can be shown as a separate element to avoid cluttering the illustration .
the ‘ monitoring and control ’ sub-system , which relates to all [parts] of the model , can be shown as a separate element to avoid cluttering the illustration .

In addition , as discussed in Chapter 11 , the use of a ‘ hierarchical scalar , can assist with obtaining an overview of the main components of an expanded model ( Fig 15.2 ) .
in addition , as discussed in chapter 11 , the use of a ‘ hierarchical scalar , can assist with obtaining an overview of the main [parts] of an expanded model ( fig 15.2 ) .

They contain impulsive wave components , and therefore do not satisfy the conditions of Tipler 's theorem .
they contain impulsive wave [parts] , and therefore do not satisfy the conditions of tipler 's theorem .

When evaluating the components of the Weyl tensor , it is convenient to introduce the new function ( 9.11 )
when evaluating the [parts] of the weyl tensor , it is convenient to introduce the new function ( 9.11 )

With this , it can be seen that ( 9.12 ) and the non-zero Weyl tensor components are . ( 9.13 )
with this , it can be seen that ( 9.12 ) and the non-zero weyl tensor [parts] are . ( 9.13 )

It necessarily contains impulsive wave components .
it necessarily contains impulsive wave [parts] .

Consider now the special cases of the above Ferrari-Ibañez solution in which and , in which the Weyl tensor components are given by ( 10.43 ) .
consider now the special cases of the above ferrari-ibañez solution in which and , in which the weyl tensor [parts] are given by ( 10.43 ) .

The expressions for the Weyl tensor components are rather complicated , and there is nothing particularly remarkable about this solution .
the expressions for the weyl tensor [parts] are rather complicated , and there is nothing particularly remarkable about this solution .

By choosing these appropriately , it is possible to remove the impulsive components from the approaching waves .
by choosing these appropriately , it is possible to remove the impulsive [parts] from the approaching waves .

Using the above notation , the non-zero components of the Weyl tensor given by ( 6.23 ) can be written as ( 11 10 )
using the above notation , the non-zero [parts] of the weyl tensor given by ( 6.23 ) can be written as ( 11 10 )

Using this function , the non-zero components of the Weyl tensor ( 11.10 ) can be written as ( 11.1 )
using this function , the non-zero [parts] of the weyl tensor ( 11.10 ) can be written as ( 11.1 )

( 12.26 ) It is then possible to put two of the components of each equal to zero .
( 12.26 ) it is then possible to put two of the [parts] of each equal to zero .

Putting ( 12.27 ) the remaining components of must then satisfy the equations .
putting ( 12.27 ) the remaining [parts] of must then satisfy the equations .

It is then possible to put ( 12.29 ) and to choose the components of such that .
it is then possible to put ( 12.29 ) and to choose the [parts] of such that .

It also follows from this that the approaching waves necessarily contain impulsive components .
it also follows from this that the approaching waves necessarily contain impulsive [parts] .

Expressions for the components of the Weyl tensor 0 , 2 and 4 describing the wave and interaction components have been given by Chandrasekhar and Ferrari ( 1984 ) , though in a notation which differs slightly from that adopted here .
expressions for the [parts] of the weyl tensor 0 , 2 and 4 describing the wave and interaction [parts] have been given by chandrasekhar and ferrari ( 1984 ) , though in a notation which differs slightly from that adopted here .

The presence of these wave components introduces additional distribution valued singularities at the points , and , .
the presence of these wave [parts] introduces additional distribution valued singularities at the points , and , .

So far most of the explicit solutions that have been presented have involved impulsive wave components .
so far most of the explicit solutions that have been presented have involved impulsive wave [parts] .

Some further general aspects of cases involving impulsive components have been clarified by Ferrari ( 1988 ) .
some further general aspects of cases involving impulsive [parts] have been clarified by ferrari ( 1988 ) .

In particular , it has been shown that the proper time between the collision and the subsequent singularity is inversely proportional to the square root of the amplitudes of the impulsive components of the approaching waves .
in particular , it has been shown that the proper time between the collision and the subsequent singularity is inversely proportional to the square root of the amplitudes of the impulsive [parts] of the approaching waves .

Yes , jealousy is futile , but so often we can not rid ourselves of its components and reason ourselves back to a state of equilibrium .
yes , jealousy is futile , but so often we can not rid ourselves of its [parts] and reason ourselves back to a state of equilibrium .

Walk along a river , sit by the sea , stroll through the woods and start to analyse the components and blockages that make up your present existence .
walk along a river , sit by the sea , stroll through the woods and start to analyse the [parts] and blockages that make up your present existence .

The complete rifle ( wooden components ) made at Wolverton cost : butt — 2 cuts at 3d , stock — four cuts at 3d : total cost 1s 6d ( 7. ½p ) , which included sanding , for which a machine was specially adapted , and soaking in linseed oil .
the complete rifle ( wooden [parts] ) made at wolverton cost : butt — 2 cuts at 3d , stock — four cuts at 3d : total cost 1s 6d ( 7. ½p ) , which included sanding , for which a machine was specially adapted , and soaking in linseed oil .

There were in all 103 components , and the completed article weighed 126lbs .
there were in all 103 [parts] , and the completed article weighed 126lbs .

Women showed themselves to be remarkably adaptable to the heavy engineering work involved and many of them displayed such interest and versatility that they were able to undertake really high class work such as turning , milling , and drilling of precision components , high grade fitting work , electric and oxy-acetylene welding , crane driving , and operation of power hammers .
women showed themselves to be remarkably adaptable to the heavy engineering work involved and many of them displayed such interest and versatility that they were able to undertake really high class work such as turning , milling , and drilling of precision [parts] , high grade fitting work , electric and oxy-acetylene welding , crane driving , and operation of power hammers .

These contracts covered the breaking down of damaged aircraft considered beyond economical repair to salvage repairable and reusable components .
these contracts covered the breaking down of damaged aircraft considered beyond economical repair to salvage repairable and reusable [parts] .

This type of contract also offered a suitable opportunity to familiarize staff with components and aircraft work generally , before the more important job of repairs .
this type of contract also offered a suitable opportunity to familiarize staff with [parts] and aircraft work generally , before the more important job of repairs .

All the other components were taken to the machine shop , where multi-spindle three head drills , straight line drills and umbrella punches , completed the machinery and the finished articles were taken direct to their place of assembly .
all the other [parts] were taken to the machine shop , where multi-spindle three head drills , straight line drills and umbrella punches , completed the machinery and the finished articles were taken direct to their place of assembly .

All these components were again completed in the machine and fitting shops .
all these [parts] were again completed in the machine and fitting shops .

All components on and below the solebar were fitted and riveted at this stage , for example , spring shoes .
all [parts] on and below the solebar were fitted and riveted at this stage , for example , spring shoes .

For bogies and underframes the rolled steel bars were dealt with similarly to wagon components .
for bogies and underframes the rolled steel bars were dealt with similarly to wagon [parts] .

In the late 1920s , battery-driven trucks were introduced to move components and materials between shops .
in the late 1920s , battery-driven trucks were introduced to move [parts] and materials between shops .

But in the main , the movement today of materials and components is by pallets and forklifts .
but in the main , the movement today of materials and [parts] is by pallets and forklifts .

They suggested that pupil results should be presented as an attainment profile and that for each subject there should be a very small number of ‘ profile components ’ which reflected the variety of knowledge skills and understanding to which a study of the subject gave rise .
they suggested that pupil results should be presented as an attainment profile and that for each subject there should be a very small number of ‘ profile [parts] ’ which reflected the variety of knowledge skills and understanding to which a study of the subject gave rise .

Clearly there will soon come a point where every practising teacher will become familiar with the ‘ newspeak ’ of attainment targets , statements of attainment , levels , keystages , programmes of study , standard assessment tasks , and profile components , with none of which any of us was familiar two short years ago .
clearly there will soon come a point where every practising teacher will become familiar with the ‘ newspeak ’ of attainment targets , statements of attainment , levels , keystages , programmes of study , standard assessment tasks , and profile [parts] , with none of which any of us was familiar two short years ago .

The school may find components of science in existing health ( say ) or English or music programmes .
the school may find [parts] of science in existing health ( say ) or english or music programmes .

The fact that the first components in the structure are syllabuses for four individual subjects which have been placed in position before the other components ( subjects and cross-curricular themes ) have even been sketched out , confirms that the approach is ad hoc .
the fact that the first [parts] in the structure are syllabuses for four individual subjects which have been placed in position before the other [parts] ( subjects and cross-curricular themes ) have even been sketched out , confirms that the approach is ad hoc .

The components of a chemical compound can be identified and their concentrations measured , but unless it has already been proved that the particular component identified is odorous at the concentration encountered , such measurements will have little evidential value in proving the odour complained of either does or does not amount to a nuisance at law .
the [parts] of a chemical compound can be identified and their concentrations measured , but unless it has already been proved that the particular component identified is odorous at the concentration encountered , such measurements will have little evidential value in proving the odour complained of either does or does not amount to a nuisance at law .

Instrumental analytical techniques such as gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry can separate , identify and measure the concentrations of the major components of an ‘ odorant ’ , though even this is fraught with difficulty as odorous gases from a rendering plant for example have been known to contain more than 30 components .
instrumental analytical techniques such as gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry can separate , identify and measure the concentrations of the major [parts] of an ‘ odorant ’ , though even this is fraught with difficulty as odorous gases from a rendering plant for example have been known to contain more than 30 [parts] .

The need for a more balanced architecture , with readings being ordered not as a result of depth-first search but according to numerical scores to which all system components can contribute , will now be argued in more detail by looking at four types of co-ordination problem occurring in anaphora resolution .
the need for a more balanced architecture , with readings being ordered not as a result of depth-first search but according to numerical scores to which all system [parts] can contribute , will now be argued in more detail by looking at four types of co-ordination problem occurring in anaphora resolution .

For successful anaphor resolution , it is important to co-ordinate the contributions of system components embodying different types of linguistic and non-linguistic knowledge , such as configurational constraints in ( ‘ He examined him ’ , the two pronouns can not co-refer ) , sortal restrictions ( in ‘ She drank it ’ , ‘ it ’ must refer to some liquid if ‘ drank ’ is interpreted literally ) , focusing ( as in ‘ He examined its legs ’ above ) , and reasoning ( as in the second sentence of ‘ John told the waiter he had no money .
for successful anaphor resolution , it is important to co-ordinate the contributions of system [parts] embodying different types of linguistic and non-linguistic knowledge , such as configurational constraints in ( ‘ he examined him ’ , the two pronouns can not co-refer ) , sortal restrictions ( in ‘ she drank it ’ , ‘ it ’ must refer to some liquid if ‘ drank ’ is interpreted literally ) , focusing ( as in ‘ he examined its legs ’ above ) , and reasoning ( as in the second sentence of ‘ john told the waiter he had no money .

Let us consider here just the relationship between the focusing and reasoning components in a system of this general type , and restrict our attention for the moment to the case of one pronoun in a sentence in the absence of any non-anaphoric ambiguity .
let us consider here just the relationship between the focusing and reasoning [parts] in a system of this general type , and restrict our attention for the moment to the case of one pronoun in a sentence in the absence of any non-anaphoric ambiguity .

The appropriate interaction of different system components becomes even more crucial for sentences that contain more than one anaphor .
the appropriate interaction of different system [parts] becomes even more crucial for sentences that contain more than one anaphor .

Typically , the reasoning component of the system will be more expensive and less reliable than the linguistic components , and constraints between anaphors can sometimes allow the system to avoid doing any non-linguistic reasoning at all .
typically , the reasoning component of the system will be more expensive and less reliable than the linguistic [parts] , and constraints between anaphors can sometimes allow the system to avoid doing any non-linguistic reasoning at all .

There are four basic components necessary to successful meditation .
there are four basic [parts] necessary to successful meditation .

289–92 ) identifies four main components of this ‘ traditional ’ approach to local economic strategies .
289–92 ) identifies four main [parts] of this ‘ traditional ’ approach to local economic strategies .

From these four components sprang four characteristics of ‘ traditional ’ policy .
from these four [parts] sprang four characteristics of ‘ traditional ’ policy .

There are four major components to this strategy. :
there are four major [parts] to this strategy. :

Although elements from each of these components are usually found in the new initiatives , they vary in their emphases from place to place .
although elements from each of these [parts] are usually found in the new initiatives , they vary in their emphases from place to place .

The two major components of these new managerial powers and responsibilities are financial delegation and staffing delegation .
the two major [parts] of these new managerial powers and responsibilities are financial delegation and staffing delegation .

Sometimes with the test programme the contractor provides a set of diagnostic tables that point to a group of components on the circuit board to be considered suspect for each failed test .
sometimes with the test programme the contractor provides a set of diagnostic tables that point to a group of [parts] on the circuit board to be considered suspect for each failed test .

The focus of this paper is on knowledge based diagnostic systems and their potential within avionic components fault finding .
the focus of this paper is on knowledge based diagnostic systems and their potential within avionic [parts] fault finding .

This type of reasoning is based on an understanding of the underlying physical principles and the relationships between system components .
this type of reasoning is based on an understanding of the underlying physical principles and the relationships between system [parts] .

If you now set your mind to do so , it will tell you all the components , reasonable and unreasonable , of your fury .
if you now set your mind to do so , it will tell you all the [parts] , reasonable and unreasonable , of your fury .

Nutrition experts argue over the various merits of ginseng , but its components point to its three main powers : slowing down the ageing process ; giving stamina and endurance , and acting as an aphrodisiac .
nutrition experts argue over the various merits of ginseng , but its [parts] point to its three main powers : slowing down the ageing process ; giving stamina and endurance , and acting as an aphrodisiac .

The combination of the chief components , carbon monoxide and hydrogen , are usually referred to as synthesis gas ( or syn-gas ) .
the combination of the chief [parts] , carbon monoxide and hydrogen , are usually referred to as synthesis gas ( or syn-gas ) .

Heat pumps fall down on their development from the refrigeration equipment industry — none of the components of a heat pump has been designed specially .
heat pumps fall down on their development from the refrigeration equipment industry — none of the [parts] of a heat pump has been designed specially .

In particular , British industry buys a high proportion of its integrated circuits or ‘ chips ’ — the components at the heart of virtually all electronic machinery — from abroad .
in particular , british industry buys a high proportion of its integrated circuits or ‘ chips ’ — the [parts] at the heart of virtually all electronic machinery — from abroad .

After problems in obtaining components , Comart struck out on its own , producing its Comart Communicator , a small business computer .
after problems in obtaining [parts] , comart struck out on its own , producing its comart communicator , a small business computer .

In plating , components are dropped into various solutions to coat them with a metal such as zinc or aluminium .
in plating , [parts] are dropped into various solutions to coat them with a metal such as zinc or aluminium .

The workers also unloaded the ‘ plated ’ components at the end of the process .
the workers also unloaded the ‘ plated ’ [parts] at the end of the process .

The tapes contain instructions that guide the machines ' cutting heads to shape components .
the tapes contain instructions that guide the machines ' cutting heads to shape [parts] .

The other areas earmarked by Alvey 's group are : software engineering ; ways of making it easier for people to communicate with computers ; and methods of cramming more electronic components onto a chip .
the other areas earmarked by alvey 's group are : software engineering ; ways of making it easier for people to communicate with computers ; and methods of cramming more electronic [parts] onto a chip .

As electronic components become smaller and more powerful it becomes increasingly important to extract waste heat from them .
as electronic [parts] become smaller and more powerful it becomes increasingly important to extract waste heat from them .

More to the point , many developing countries have manufacturers of injection moulded plastics which can make well casings and pump components to specification .
more to the point , many developing countries have manufacturers of injection moulded plastics which can make well casings and pump [parts] to specification .

At the same time , project staff will redesign and incorporate new parts for the borehole components , irrespective of the type of pump they serve .
at the same time , project staff will redesign and incorporate new parts for the borehole [parts] , irrespective of the type of pump they serve .

’ It adds that 99–9 per cent of the radioactivity remaining in each submarine is ‘ an integral part of the corrosion-resistant alloy forming the plant components .
’ it adds that 99–9 per cent of the radioactivity remaining in each submarine is ‘ an integral part of the corrosion-resistant alloy forming the plant [parts] .

The size of the programme , together with its standardisation , led the authorities , beginning in 1975 , to reorganise the various sectors of the French nuclear power industry , as the construction in series of large components ( vessels , steam generators , primary pumps , turbines , and alternators ) calls for very large industrial investments .
the size of the programme , together with its standardisation , led the authorities , beginning in 1975 , to reorganise the various sectors of the french nuclear power industry , as the construction in series of large [parts] ( vessels , steam generators , primary pumps , turbines , and alternators ) calls for very large industrial investments .

Some animals move far more efficiently than others , and in general the race is to the big . But springiness and coordination of swing are the in variable components of all motion on land
some animals move far more efficiently than others , and in general the race is to the big . but springiness and coordination of swing are the in variable [parts] of all motion on land

At one extreme it is used to support power cables ; at the other to encapsulate electronic components .
at one extreme it is used to support power cables ; at the other to encapsulate electronic [parts] .

Many components within living cells contain amide groups , and the hydrogen bonds formed between amides are the most important weak hydrogen bonds in biological systems .
many [parts] within living cells contain amide groups , and the hydrogen bonds formed between amides are the most important weak hydrogen bonds in biological systems .

But the Digivision sets will contain fewer components to go wrong , and will be far easier to service when they do .
but the digivision sets will contain fewer [parts] to go wrong , and will be far easier to service when they do .

As in mammals , such studies reveal two main components of brain activity during sleep — active sleep and quiet sleep ( Figure 5 ) .
as in mammals , such studies reveal two main [parts] of brain activity during sleep — active sleep and quiet sleep ( figure 5 ) .

The company has asked the International Trade Commission to forbid the entry into the United States of counterfeit computers and components .
the company has asked the international trade commission to forbid the entry into the united states of counterfeit computers and [parts] .

These two effects split the atomic energy levels into several components , producing the so-called hyperfine structure .
these two effects split the atomic energy levels into several [parts] , producing the so-called hyperfine structure .

Is it actually feasible to reduce social matter to components of time and space ?
is it actually feasible to reduce social matter to [parts] of time and space ?

The joints that hold the gold plated , cylindrical copper mirror are standard components .
the joints that hold the gold plated , cylindrical copper mirror are standard [parts] .

Engineers could also reduce their dependence on strategically important metals by redesigning components .
engineers could also reduce their dependence on strategically important metals by redesigning [parts] .

Another way to reduce the consumption of strategic metals is to design components to better tolerances , perhaps with computerised techniques .
another way to reduce the consumption of strategic metals is to design [parts] to better tolerances , perhaps with computerised techniques .

For instance , in a high-strength steel section in an engine , only those parts exposed to the greatest stresses would require sophisticated alloys containing a metal such as tantalum or vanadium , with the remaining components made of something less exotic .
for instance , in a high-strength steel section in an engine , only those parts exposed to the greatest stresses would require sophisticated alloys containing a metal such as tantalum or vanadium , with the remaining [parts] made of something less exotic .

The embargo applies only to direct sales and shipments , not to the supply of components to third countries .
the embargo applies only to direct sales and shipments , not to the supply of [parts] to third countries .

Sir Frank also acknowledges that British ships had not been adequately defended against Exocet , and that there could not have been any control over its sale to third parties as British firms supplied only components .
sir frank also acknowledges that british ships had not been adequately defended against exocet , and that there could not have been any control over its sale to third parties as british firms supplied only [parts] .

These deals involved a steady supply of components and spares which , before the invasion , were shipped by sea from Sheerness in Kent .
these deals involved a steady supply of [parts] and spares which , before the invasion , were shipped by sea from sheerness in kent .

Sir Frank now feels it would be wrong to stop Rolls-Royce engines and other components going to Blohm and Voss ; along , of course , with the engineers who must oversee their installation in the frigates .
sir frank now feels it would be wrong to stop rolls-royce engines and other [parts] going to blohm and voss ; along , of course , with the engineers who must oversee their installation in the frigates .

Martin describes the principles of the viewdata sets and the different components of the viewdata service .
martin describes the principles of the viewdata sets and the different [parts] of the viewdata service .

They are , in any context , its principal components .
they are , in any context , its principal [parts] .

Scientific instruments and optical components , many made by himself , crowd every available space from floor to ceiling jostling with geological specimens , souvenirs from his travels to remote regions of the Earth , and boxes of photographs reaching back 65 years into history , including early colour photographs and stereoscopic pairs .
scientific instruments and optical [parts] , many made by himself , crowd every available space from floor to ceiling jostling with geological specimens , souvenirs from his travels to remote regions of the earth , and boxes of photographs reaching back 65 years into history , including early colour photographs and stereoscopic pairs .

The active components tend to be compounds called liguans , terpenoidal saponins or simple phenols .
the active [parts] tend to be compounds called liguans , terpenoidal saponins or simple phenols .

Every house in urban China is built by government builders , and they use only prefabricated components of mass housing .
every house in urban china is built by government builders , and they use only prefabricated [parts] of mass housing .

The mapper will use components from existing spacecraft to cut costs .
the mapper will use [parts] from existing spacecraft to cut costs .

The statistical techniques of time series analysis ( autocorrelation functions and power spectra ) enabled at least three low frequency components of lymph-node movement to be recognised , though they may not all be active at the same time .
the statistical techniques of time series analysis ( autocorrelation functions and power spectra ) enabled at least three low frequency [parts] of lymph-node movement to be recognised , though they may not all be active at the same time .

The experimenters found , however , that when the guinea-pig lymph nodes were stretched for 100 seconds , and a related statistical method ( transient response frequency characteristics analysis ) was applied to the resulting stretch movement , three rhythmic components could be identified .
the experimenters found , however , that when the guinea-pig lymph nodes were stretched for 100 seconds , and a related statistical method ( transient response frequency characteristics analysis ) was applied to the resulting stretch movement , three rhythmic [parts] could be identified .

It should prove an efficient means of probing microcrystalline grain structure , properties of alloys and the surface texture of materials used to fabricate electronic components .
it should prove an efficient means of probing microcrystalline grain structure , properties of alloys and the surface texture of materials used to fabricate electronic [parts] .

Intor could also test the life of components in the flux of neutrons — at an energy of 14 MeV — produced by reactions between deuterium and tritium .
intor could also test the life of [parts] in the flux of neutrons — at an energy of 14 mev — produced by reactions between deuterium and tritium .

It would be uncharitable to suggest that the lead makers prefer this line because it not only keeps them in business , but shifts the immediate cost to the motorist and gives the motor components business a chance to make more money .
it would be uncharitable to suggest that the lead makers prefer this line because it not only keeps them in business , but shifts the immediate cost to the motorist and gives the motor [parts] business a chance to make more money .

The task force will concentrate on rooting out theft of trade secrets and high-tech components , particularly integrated circuits .
the task force will concentrate on rooting out theft of trade secrets and high-tech [parts] , particularly integrated circuits .

This can lead to very wide discrepancies in the dimensions of adjacent components .
this can lead to very wide discrepancies in the dimensions of adjacent [parts] .

We will also share engines , gearboxes and other expensive components .
we will also share engines , gearboxes and other expensive [parts] .

The car maker or major manufacturer of road-car components making an outstanding and successful contribution to motorsport
the car maker or major manufacturer of road-car [parts] making an outstanding and successful contribution to motorsport

One wonders , then , what must be the effect of such an influx of fresh vitality upon biological processes ? Do we have here a key to understanding how lemmings , eels and other creatures gained their instinctive knowledge of the changing planetary geography ? Perhaps at such times there is an opportunity for a general biological and genetic reorientation ? The density or grossness of physical life being relaxed , the more subtle components become capable of realignment to the prevailing circumstances , all within the formative and integrating influence of the greater Mind .
one wonders , then , what must be the effect of such an influx of fresh vitality upon biological processes ? do we have here a key to understanding how lemmings , eels and other creatures gained their instinctive knowledge of the changing planetary geography ? perhaps at such times there is an opportunity for a general biological and genetic reorientation ? the density or grossness of physical life being relaxed , the more subtle [parts] become capable of realignment to the prevailing circumstances , all within the formative and integrating influence of the greater mind .

If you must , have a television in the room , but it is best not to watch it for too long , as the warmth of the set makes its plastic components give off fumes .
if you must , have a television in the room , but it is best not to watch it for too long , as the warmth of the set makes its plastic [parts] give off fumes .

The single market should boost demand for electronic equipment and components and therefore the chemicals used in their production , says the report .
the single market should boost demand for electronic equipment and [parts] and therefore the chemicals used in their production , says the report .

The fluid phase of the body is a superb electrolyte that contains many extremely active biological species , especially enzymes , and components that are able to produce free radicals and other reactive species .
the fluid phase of the body is a superb electrolyte that contains many extremely active biological species , especially enzymes , and [parts] that are able to produce free radicals and other reactive species .

Since it seems unlikely that we can generate in the foreseeable future materials that are structurally similar to natural tissue , while having the most appropriate functional properties , the possibility has emerged of using traditional or advanced materials as functional substrates and modifying their surfaces , with biological components or their analogues , to provide optimal biocompatibility .
since it seems unlikely that we can generate in the foreseeable future materials that are structurally similar to natural tissue , while having the most appropriate functional properties , the possibility has emerged of using traditional or advanced materials as functional substrates and modifying their surfaces , with biological [parts] or their analogues , to provide optimal biocompatibility .

These processes determine the probability of two components being close enough together to allow covalent bonding by addition reaction .
these processes determine the probability of two [parts] being close enough together to allow covalent bonding by addition reaction .

Light-cured glass ionomers consist of a complex mixture of components .
light-cured glass ionomers consist of a complex mixture of [parts] .

The bond region between the composite restorative material and dentine may be 50–300 μm thick , with gradients of intimately mixed components that have originated in either the substrate or the bonding agent , extending throughout the bond .
the bond region between the composite restorative material and dentine may be 50–300 μm thick , with gradients of intimately mixed [parts] that have originated in either the substrate or the bonding agent , extending throughout the bond .

Contact lens work , and the ready accessibility of the eye can also help to study the early stages of the interaction of biological components with synthetic materials .
contact lens work , and the ready accessibility of the eye can also help to study the early stages of the interaction of biological [parts] with synthetic materials .

Although the chemical nature of some of the major cell surface components are known , little detailed information is known about the in vivo organisation of these components on the other cell surface .
although the chemical nature of some of the major cell surface [parts] are known , little detailed information is known about the in vivo organisation of these [parts] on the other cell surface .

At the heart of the work lies the development of techniques that can be used to analyse individually worn lenses for all tear components — preferably non-destructively . Excellent progress is being made , but there are still many problems to solve and a great deal of blood , sweat , and tears ahead !
at the heart of the work lies the development of techniques that can be used to analyse individually worn lenses for all tear [parts] — preferably non-destructively . excellent progress is being made , but there are still many problems to solve and a great deal of blood , sweat , and tears ahead !

While this view may have been valid a century ago , the situation has changed over the past two decades and ceramics are now widely used in many engineering applications , including wear components , seals , bearing surfaces and engine components .
while this view may have been valid a century ago , the situation has changed over the past two decades and ceramics are now widely used in many engineering applications , including wear [parts] , seals , bearing surfaces and engine [parts] .

Transducer elements commonly used in biosensors , and their major components .
transducer elements commonly used in biosensors , and their major [parts] .

The extracellular matrix laid down by microbial cells in microbial biosensors will show a more random orientation of structural components , but these can also have a dominant influence on the flux of the product and the substrate .
the extracellular matrix laid down by microbial cells in microbial biosensors will show a more random orientation of structural [parts] , but these can also have a dominant influence on the flux of the product and the substrate .

These may eventually be harnessed as biosensor recognition components , although the structural lability of most receptors when separated from their lipid membrane environment is a serious problem .
these may eventually be harnessed as biosensor recognition [parts] , although the structural lability of most receptors when separated from their lipid membrane environment is a serious problem .

Adverse reactions between foreign or prosthetic surfaces and blood components are the pre-eminent factors restricting the use of certain biomaterials .
adverse reactions between foreign or prosthetic surfaces and blood [parts] are the pre-eminent factors restricting the use of certain biomaterials .

The increase in coagulation that results from adding specific lipid mixtures to plasma indicates that a number of haemostatic components has evolved which interact with a lipid-water interface of very restricted specificity .
the increase in coagulation that results from adding specific lipid mixtures to plasma indicates that a number of haemostatic [parts] has evolved which interact with a lipid-water interface of very restricted specificity .

In addition to deposition , events such as activation of components of the complement or clotting factor cascades can occur , which lead to generation of moieties which interact with other cell types — eg neutrophils , lymphocytes and macrophages — involved in inflammatory processes .
in addition to deposition , events such as activation of [parts] of the complement or clotting factor cascades can occur , which lead to generation of moieties which interact with other cell types — eg neutrophils , lymphocytes and macrophages — involved in inflammatory processes .

The course has five main components : subject studies , curriculum studies , educational studies , primary studies and practical studies .
the course has five main [parts] : subject studies , curriculum studies , educational studies , primary studies and practical studies .

The secretarial skills components of the course are also taught at the North West College of Technology .
the secretarial skills [parts] of the course are also taught at the north west college of technology .

’ Ideally the components of the shadowed side of objects at five miles should be ‘ just not invisible .
’ ideally the [parts] of the shadowed side of objects at five miles should be ‘ just not invisible .

What is also new is that they are building on and developing research in the various components of information skills .
what is also new is that they are building on and developing research in the various [parts] of information skills .

The principal components of the problem-solving approach to treatment are summarized in Table 11 .
the principal [parts] of the problem-solving approach to treatment are summarized in table 11 .

The euro-currency market 's three components
the euro-currency market 's three [parts]

Although not a primary source to the local historian heraldry is , nevertheless , an important element which on occasion can contribute significantly to the progress of a study and , because of its artistic components , pleasantly-illuminate it .
although not a primary source to the local historian heraldry is , nevertheless , an important element which on occasion can contribute significantly to the progress of a study and , because of its artistic [parts] , pleasantly-illuminate it .

You may be surprised to know that there are as many as four different components to moral behaviour :
you may be surprised to know that there are as many as four different [parts] to moral behaviour :

Symmetric methods of line fitting exist , such as principal components analysis and factor analysis , which summarize the extent to which two variables cluster together ( rule 2 of section 10.5 ) , but they are not covered here .
symmetric methods of line fitting exist , such as principal [parts] analysis and factor analysis , which summarize the extent to which two variables cluster together ( rule 2 of section 10.5 ) , but they are not covered here .

The bars may be subdivided to show the components of a second variable within categories of the first .
the bars may be subdivided to show the [parts] of a second variable within categories of the first .

All three are inherent components of the natural earth surface processes that occur in arid and semi-arid regions but have been exacerbated by human activity .
all three are inherent [parts] of the natural earth surface processes that occur in arid and semi-arid regions but have been exacerbated by human activity .

The maintenance ( or planting ) of a partial tree cover will help to conserve the soil resource by maintaining the organic components via litter supply ; soil cohesiveness will thus be improved which , together with the wind- and water-break effect of trees , will reduce soil erosion .
the maintenance ( or planting ) of a partial tree cover will help to conserve the soil resource by maintaining the organic [parts] via litter supply ; soil cohesiveness will thus be improved which , together with the wind- and water-break effect of trees , will reduce soil erosion .

While nuclear power and genetic engineering may appear on the surface to be unconnected they have much in common ; the term nuclear , for example , relates to nucleus which is a characteristic of both inorganic atoms and organic cells that comprise the fundamental components of living organisms .
while nuclear power and genetic engineering may appear on the surface to be unconnected they have much in common ; the term nuclear , for example , relates to nucleus which is a characteristic of both inorganic atoms and organic cells that comprise the fundamental [parts] of living organisms .

Pickett ( 1988 ) , for example , has discussed the role of biological agents as components of crop-protection strategies which involve the use of pyrethroid insecticides ( section 6.2.3 ) .
pickett ( 1988 ) , for example , has discussed the role of biological agents as [parts] of crop-protection strategies which involve the use of pyrethroid insecticides ( section 6.2.3 ) .

The important factors that need to be identified to achieve this relate not only to the genetic components that promote nitrogen fixation in Rhizobium spp .
the important factors that need to be identified to achieve this relate not only to the genetic [parts] that promote nitrogen fixation in rhizobium spp .

This led us to undertake a principal components transformation of the seven bands of image data , which gave encouraging results similar to those obtained by Forster ( 1985a ) .
this led us to undertake a principal [parts] transformation of the seven bands of image data , which gave encouraging results similar to those obtained by forster ( 1985a ) .

As a data compression exercise , the first four components of the transformation reduced the storage requirement by 42 per cent for less than 1 per cent loss in information content .
as a data compression exercise , the first four [parts] of the transformation reduced the storage requirement by 42 per cent for less than 1 per cent loss in information content .

As previously stated , rural land cover was not an important consideration , and so the first component image was discarded , together with the last three , leaving components 2 , 3 and 4 .
as previously stated , rural land cover was not an important consideration , and so the first component image was discarded , together with the last three , leaving [parts] 2 , 3 and 4 .

Palmer and Frank ( 1988 ) also identify the key components of a spatial language as a family of spatial objects , the geometry of space ( as mapped and perceived ) and the mappings of the objects into the space .
palmer and frank ( 1988 ) also identify the key [parts] of a spatial language as a family of spatial objects , the geometry of space ( as mapped and perceived ) and the mappings of the objects into the space .

The main components of the first system are well known : the atmosphere is its engine and atmospheric circulation is driven by differences in solar heating between the equatorial and polar regions .
the main [parts] of the first system are well known : the atmosphere is its engine and atmospheric circulation is driven by differences in solar heating between the equatorial and polar regions .

Trace gases in the atmosphere are key components of the cycles of such elements as carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , sulphur and the halogens ; as is now well known , their concentrations are much influenced by biogenic and anthropogenic activities and the concentrations of such gases as carbon dioxide , ozone , methane , nitrous oxide and the chlorofluoromethanes ( CFMs ) strongly affect radiative transfer and provide a link with the physical climate system .
trace gases in the atmosphere are key [parts] of the cycles of such elements as carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , sulphur and the halogens ; as is now well known , their concentrations are much influenced by biogenic and anthropogenic activities and the concentrations of such gases as carbon dioxide , ozone , methane , nitrous oxide and the chlorofluoromethanes ( cfms ) strongly affect radiative transfer and provide a link with the physical climate system .

Britain 's most formidable political rivals , France and Russia , had imposing capital cities largely consisting of neo-classical buildings laid out in a formal manner , and the competition , with its coupled town planning and detailed design components , was a conscious attempt to provide London with visual images worthy of its far greater imperial status , which perhaps needed reaffirming after the trauma of the Crimean War .
britain 's most formidable political rivals , france and russia , had imposing capital cities largely consisting of neo-classical buildings laid out in a formal manner , and the competition , with its coupled town planning and detailed design [parts] , was a conscious attempt to provide london with visual images worthy of its far greater imperial status , which perhaps needed reaffirming after the trauma of the crimean war .

An understanding of the complexities of both components of communicating is likely to help people to carry which is effective and brings satisfaction to themselves and to others . But what does ‘ communicating ’ mean ?
an understanding of the complexities of both [parts] of communicating is likely to help people to carry which is effective and brings satisfaction to themselves and to others . but what does ‘ communicating ’ mean ?

A retail-apparel-textile channel typically includes the companies that manufacture synthetic fibers ; produce , gather , and refine natural fibers ; spin fiber into yarn ; weave or knit yarn into fabric ; manufacture buttons , zippers , and other garment components ; and cut and sew fabric into garments .
a retail-apparel-textile channel typically includes the companies that manufacture synthetic fibers ; produce , gather , and refine natural fibers ; spin fiber into yarn ; weave or knit yarn into fabric ; manufacture buttons , zippers , and other garment [parts] ; and cut and sew fabric into garments .

A Stitch in Time is organized into five sections , roughly corresponding to the channel components .
a stitch in time is organized into five sections , roughly corresponding to the channel [parts] .

Both components of total inventory ( work-in-process and finished goods ) decrease as the most profitable production shifts to the short-cycle plant .
both [parts] of total inventory ( work-in-process and finished goods ) decrease as the most profitable production shifts to the short-cycle plant .

To understand this product ’ s inventory requirements , it helps to divide the inventory into two separate components : cycle stock , which is held to cover expected demand for the product ; and safety stock , which is held to cover higher than expected demand .
to understand this product ’ s inventory requirements , it helps to divide the inventory into two separate [parts] : cycle stock , which is held to cover expected demand for the product ; and safety stock , which is held to cover higher than expected demand .

Figure 6.5 breaks out these two components of stock .
figure 6.5 breaks out these two [parts] of stock .

Finally , measurement , fit , color , and texture remain central components of apparel sales .
finally , measurement , fit , color , and texture remain central [parts] of apparel sales .

Consider as a start a liter of living bacteria and a liter of their dead , homogenized molecular components .
consider as a start a liter of living bacteria and a liter of their dead , homogenized molecular [parts] .

That is to say , the cell carries out a wide variety of molecular activities , including the turning on and o of transcription of genes into RNA ; the processing of that RNA into mature messenger RNA ; the translation of that RNA into proteins , the activities of many of those proteins as enzymes to catalyze reaction , the modification of the activities of enzymes by chemical events such as phosphorylation and dephosphorylation ; the building of structural components such as bilipid membrane , and microtubule assembly and disassembly ; and the construction of proteins and other receptors .
that is to say , the cell carries out a wide variety of molecular activities , including the turning on and o of transcription of genes into rna ; the processing of that rna into mature messenger rna ; the translation of that rna into proteins , the activities of many of those proteins as enzymes to catalyze reaction , the modification of the activities of enzymes by chemical events such as phosphorylation and dephosphorylation ; the building of structural [parts] such as bilipid membrane , and microtubule assembly and disassembly ; and the construction of proteins and other receptors .

In addition , the hexamer molecular components are removed from the system at an adjustable rate that holds their internal concentrations constant whatever the rate of reproduction of hexamer may be .
in addition , the hexamer molecular [parts] are removed from the system at an adjustable rate that holds their internal concentrations constant whatever the rate of reproduction of hexamer may be .

Like New York ’ s Lincoln Center it has several components : the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion presents classical music , opera , and ballet ; the Ahmanson Theater hosts big musicals ; and the Mark Taper Forum offers a more intimate setting for contemporary drama .
like new york ’ s lincoln center it has several [parts] : the dorothy chandler pavilion presents classical music , opera , and ballet ; the ahmanson theater hosts big musicals ; and the mark taper forum offers a more intimate setting for contemporary drama .

Should we be sure to include the acceptable components of brief intervention as outlined in the acronym FRAMES : feedback , responsibility , advice , menu of strategies , empathy , and self-efficacy ? 4 Is making a connection between drinking and the ED visit important ?
should we be sure to include the acceptable [parts] of brief intervention as outlined in the acronym frames : feedback , responsibility , advice , menu of strategies , empathy , and self-efficacy ? 4 is making a connection between drinking and the ed visit important ?

Research on the individual components is important , but the strategy for the emergency room setting is as follows : screen , decide if a brief intervention is called for , and if not , give a referral .
research on the individual [parts] is important , but the strategy for the emergency room setting is as follows : screen , decide if a brief intervention is called for , and if not , give a referral .

Emergency setting personnel need to understand all three components and how they are linked .
emergency setting personnel need to understand all three [parts] and how they are linked .

Although GAO has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 We have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .
although gao has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 we have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational [parts] , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .

Moreover , the organizational transition of the various components will simply be the starting point - as implementation challenges beyond the first year should be expected in building a fully integrated department .
moreover , the organizational transition of the various [parts] will simply be the starting point - as implementation challenges beyond the first year should be expected in building a fully integrated department .

Combating Terrorism : Critical Components of a National Strategy to Enhance State and Local Preparedness ( GAO-02-548T , March 25 , 2002 ) .
combating terrorism : critical [parts] of a national strategy to enhance state and local preparedness ( gao-02-548t , march 25 , 2002 ) .

For example , HewlettPackard 's finance organization conducted a detailed survey of about 200 internal customers worldwide in which customers were asked to rank certain components , or services , as either high or low in terms of both importance and satisfaction .
for example , hewlettpackard 's finance organization conducted a detailed survey of about 200 internal customers worldwide in which customers were asked to rank certain [parts] , or services , as either high or low in terms of both importance and satisfaction .

We categorize these actions into the five components of internal control-control environment , risk assessment , control activities , information and communications , and monitoring-outlined in the Comptroller General 's Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO-AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) .
we categorize these actions into the five [parts] of internal control-control environment , risk assessment , control activities , information and communications , and monitoring-outlined in the comptroller general 's standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao-aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) .

For purposes of this study , we define these components as follows .
for purposes of this study , we define these [parts] as follows .

Although these internal control components are applicable to the entirety of an organization 's operations , 6this executive guide focuses on internal controls as they relate to reducing improper payments .
although these internal control [parts] are applicable to the entirety of an organization 's operations , 6this executive guide focuses on internal controls as they relate to reducing improper payments .

The following graphic represents the interrelationship between the components and efforts to manage improper payments .
the following graphic represents the interrelationship between the [parts] and efforts to manage improper payments .

As depicted in the figure , the control environment surrounds and reinforces the other components , but all components work in concert toward a central objective , which , in this case , is managing improper payments .
as depicted in the figure , the control environment surrounds and reinforces the other [parts] , but all [parts] work in concert toward a central objective , which , in this case , is managing improper payments .

As agreed , we have examined selected employee empowerment and involvement practices at specific components within the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) , the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) , the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) , and the Veteran 's Benefits Administration ( VBA ) .
as agreed , we have examined selected employee empowerment and involvement practices at specific [parts] within the federal aviation administration ( faa ) , the federal emergency management agency ( fema ) , the internal revenue service ( irs ) , the office of personnel management ( opm ) , and the veteran 's benefits administration ( vba ) .

The practices we examined at specific agency components were selected from those initiatives agency officials identified that had , in their view , successfully empowered and involved employees .
the practices we examined at specific agency [parts] were selected from those initiatives agency officials identified that had , in their view , successfully empowered and involved employees .

From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request , we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .
from the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request , we asked agency officials to identify those agency [parts] and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .

Because we were seeking to review initiatives that had successfully empowered and involved employees , we asked headquarters officials to identify organizational components for our review .
because we were seeking to review initiatives that had successfully empowered and involved employees , we asked headquarters officials to identify organizational [parts] for our review .

One of the components of the plan was to provide an existing group of CSRS benefits specialists with cross training in FERS claims adjudication .
one of the [parts] of the plan was to provide an existing group of csrs benefits specialists with cross training in fers claims adjudication .

To do so , they had responded to these risks by reorienting their security programs from relatively low-profile operations focused primarily on mainframe security to visible , integral components of their organizations ' business operations .
to do so , they had responded to these risks by reorienting their security programs from relatively low-profile operations focused primarily on mainframe security to visible , integral [parts] of their organizations ' business operations .

While all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .
while all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational [parts] and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .

For example , the utility company had distilled the fundamental components of its information protection policies into less than one page of text .
for example , the utility company had distilled the fundamental [parts] of its information protection policies into less than one page of text .

For this reason , these organizations had developed mechanisms for involving other organizational components in policy documentation .
for this reason , these organizations had developed mechanisms for involving other organizational [parts] in policy documentation .

For example , some components are required to apply accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or a regulatory agency .
for example , some [parts] are required to apply accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standards board or a regulatory agency .

Those components should continue to apply the standards required by law or policy for their financial statements .
those [parts] should continue to apply the standards required by law or policy for their financial statements .

The reporting entities of which the components are a part , however , need to be sensitive to differences that may arise from the different accounting standards .
the reporting entities of which the [parts] are a part , however , need to be sensitive to differences that may arise from the different accounting standards .

If these differences are material , the standards constituting Federal GAAP should be applied for purposes of including the components in entity-wide statements .
if these differences are material , the standards constituting federal gaap should be applied for purposes of including the [parts] in entity-wide statements .

In such cases , the components may need to provide additional disclosures or different measurements required to comply with Federal GAAP .
in such cases , the [parts] may need to provide additional disclosures or different measurements required to comply with federal gaap .

Interest on direct loans that are budgeted according to the provisions of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 consists of two components : the nominal interest ( the stated interest rate times the nominal principal ) and the amortized interest ( change in present value of the loans receivable due to the passage of time ) .
interest on direct loans that are budgeted according to the provisions of the federal credit reform act of 1990 consists of two [parts] : the nominal interest ( the stated interest rate times the nominal principal ) and the amortized interest ( change in present value of the loans receivable due to the passage of time ) .

The combined effect of these components equals the effective interest , which is directly defined as the present value of the loans receivable times the Treasury interest rate applicable to the particular loans ( i.e. , the interest rate used to calculate the present value of the direct loans when the direct loans were disbursed ) .
the combined effect of these [parts] equals the effective interest , which is directly defined as the present value of the loans receivable times the treasury interest rate applicable to the particular loans ( i.e. , the interest rate used to calculate the present value of the direct loans when the direct loans were disbursed ) .

Hence , the custodial transfer to Treasury ( for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands ) and the amount retained by Customs should be shown as separate components of the disposition of the revenue from customs duties .
hence , the custodial transfer to treasury ( for puerto rico and the virgin islands ) and the amount retained by customs should be shown as separate [parts] of the disposition of the revenue from customs duties .

The components that they include are defined and discussed in detail in their respective chapters of this standard .
the [parts] that they include are defined and discussed in detail in their respective chapters of this standard .

The cost of renovating , improving , or reconstructing operating components of heritage assets used in Government operations shall be included in general PP & E .
the cost of renovating , improving , or reconstructing operating [parts] of heritage assets used in government operations shall be included in general pp & e .

Constant dollar figures are commonly used to compute the real value of the gross domestic product and its components and to estimate the real level of Federal receipts and outlays .
constant dollar figures are commonly used to compute the real value of the gross domestic product and its [parts] and to estimate the real level of federal receipts and outlays .

FEDERAL ENTITIES ( UNITS , COMPONENTS ) - See entity .
federal entities ( units , [parts] ) - see entity .

It includes preventive maintenance , normal repairs , replacement of parts and structural components , and other activities needed to preserve the asset so that it continues to provide acceptable services and achieves its expected life .
it includes preventive maintenance , normal repairs , replacement of parts and structural [parts] , and other activities needed to preserve the asset so that it continues to provide acceptable services and achieves its expected life .

DOD 's major service branches-the Army , Navy , Marine Corps , and Air Force-consist of about 1.5 million men and women on active duty , 1 million members of the reserve components , and about 900,000 civilian employees .
dod 's major service branches-the army , navy , marine corps , and air force-consist of about 1.5 million men and women on active duty , 1 million members of the reserve [parts] , and about 900,000 civilian employees .

It describes the major processing components of the payment system and focuses on the basic internal control that should have existed within these traditional systems to emphasize that these same control objectives should always be satisfied as payment systems change and evolve .
it describes the major processing [parts] of the payment system and focuses on the basic internal control that should have existed within these traditional systems to emphasize that these same control objectives should always be satisfied as payment systems change and evolve .

The system integration phase is used to stabilize the overall system design by integrating components and subsystems into a product and by showing that the design can meet product requirements .
the system integration phase is used to stabilize the overall system design by integrating [parts] and subsystems into a product and by showing that the design can meet product requirements .

Other factors included early achievement of design stability , early identification of key characteristics and critical manufacturing processes , use of established manufacturing processes for components common to other weapon systems , design trade-offs to enhance manufacturing capability , and a product design less vulnerable to variations in manufacturing processes .
other factors included early achievement of design stability , early identification of key characteristics and critical manufacturing processes , use of established manufacturing processes for [parts] common to other weapon systems , design trade-offs to enhance manufacturing capability , and a product design less vulnerable to variations in manufacturing processes .

Second , each company ( 1 ) employed a disciplined product development process that brought together and integrated all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable before entering product demonstration and ( 2 ) demonstrated the product was reliable and producible using proven manufacturing processes before entering production .
second , each company ( 1 ) employed a disciplined product development process that brought together and integrated all of the technologies , [parts] , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable before entering product demonstration and ( 2 ) demonstrated the product was reliable and producible using proven manufacturing processes before entering production .

They are conducted for the system , subsystems , and components to assess design maturity and technical risk .
they are conducted for the system , subsystems , and [parts] to assess design maturity and technical risk .

If the product under development was an incremental improvement to existing products , such as the next generation of a printer or engine , these companies used virtual prototypes for any components that were being used for the first time .
if the product under development was an incremental improvement to existing products , such as the next generation of a printer or engine , these companies used virtual prototypes for any [parts] that were being used for the first time .

In addition , with knowledge of existing components , it can focus attention on maturing the new content , the higher risk element of the new product .
in addition , with knowledge of existing [parts] , it can focus attention on maturing the new content , the higher risk element of the new product .

When Caterpillar developed the 797 mining truck , a new 360ton payload truck design , it demonstrated design stability by identifying the critical components and building engineering prototypes of them for reliability testing and demonstration of the design before beginning initial manufacturing .
when caterpillar developed the 797 mining truck , a new 360ton payload truck design , it demonstrated design stability by identifying the critical [parts] and building engineering prototypes of them for reliability testing and demonstration of the design before beginning initial manufacturing .

A commercial company considers engineering drawings4 to be a good measure of the demonstrated stability of the product 's design because they represent the language used by engineers to communicate to the manufacturers the details of a new product design-what it looks like , how its components interface , how it functions , how to build it , and what critical materials and processes are required to fabricate and test it .
a commercial company considers engineering drawings4 to be a good measure of the demonstrated stability of the product 's design because they represent the language used by engineers to communicate to the manufacturers the details of a new product design-what it looks like , how its [parts] interface , how it functions , how to build it , and what critical materials and processes are required to fabricate and test it .

The engineering drawing package released to manufacturing includes items such as the schematic of the product 's components , interface control documents , a listing of materials , notations of critical manufacturing processes , and testing requirements .
the engineering drawing package released to manufacturing includes items such as the schematic of the product 's [parts] , interface control documents , a listing of materials , notations of critical manufacturing processes , and testing requirements .

Signature 600 components were designed with the key suppliers co-located at the Cummins design facility .
signature 600 [parts] were designed with the key suppliers co-located at the cummins design facility .

Xerox achieves this by building production representative prototypes and by requiring suppliers of key components and subassemblies to produce an adequate sample of parts to demonstrate the suppliers ' processes can be controlled , usually before the parts are incorporated into the prototypes .
xerox achieves this by building production representative prototypes and by requiring suppliers of key [parts] and subassemblies to produce an adequate sample of parts to demonstrate the suppliers ' processes can be controlled , usually before the parts are incorporated into the prototypes .

Page 41 GAO-02-701 Best Practices Executive Level Reviews Are Conducted to Begin Production high and the goal can not be achieved on time , decision makers assess trade-offs between new and existing components to reduce the risks to a more manageable level .
page 41 gao-02-701 best practices executive level reviews are conducted to begin production high and the goal can not be achieved on time , decision makers assess trade-offs between new and existing [parts] to reduce the risks to a more manageable level .

The program achieved design stability before moving into system demonstration by incorporating mature technologies and components from other missiles and munitions , using engineering prototypes to demonstrate the design , holding a series of design reviews prior to the system level critical design review , and completing and releasing 95 percent of the engineering drawings at that time .
the program achieved design stability before moving into system demonstration by incorporating mature technologies and [parts] from other missiles and munitions , using engineering prototypes to demonstrate the design , holding a series of design reviews prior to the system level critical design review , and completing and releasing 95 percent of the engineering drawings at that time .

About one-third of the way through the reliability growth test program , testing was halted because too many failures occurred in components such as the power supply , the high voltage electrical system , and the cooling system .
about one-third of the way through the reliability growth test program , testing was halted because too many failures occurred in [parts] such as the power supply , the high voltage electrical system , and the cooling system .

Second , each company we visited used the same basic product development process and criteria for bringing together and integrating all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable and then demonstrating that the product was producible and reliable using proven manufacturing processes .
second , each company we visited used the same basic product development process and criteria for bringing together and integrating all of the technologies , [parts] , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable and then demonstrating that the product was producible and reliable using proven manufacturing processes .

Some will have been used to manufacture parts or components for other systems or products .
some will have been used to manufacture parts or [parts] for other systems or products .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and The AICPA standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and the aicpa standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control [parts] does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .

Analytical evidence includes computations , comparisons , separation of information into components , and rational arguments .
analytical evidence includes computations , comparisons , separation of information into [parts] , and rational arguments .

To do so , they had responded to these risks by reorienting their security programs from relatively low-profile operations focused primarily on mainframe security to visible , integral components of their organizations ' business operations .
to do so , they had responded to these risks by reorienting their security programs from relatively low-profile operations focused primarily on mainframe security to visible , integral [parts] of their organizations ' business operations .

While all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .
while all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational [parts] and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .

For example , the utility company had distilled the fundamental components of its information protection policies into less than one page of text .
for example , the utility company had distilled the fundamental [parts] of its information protection policies into less than one page of text .

For this reason , these organizations had developed mechanisms for involving other organizational components in policy documentation .
for this reason , these organizations had developed mechanisms for involving other organizational [parts] in policy documentation .

GAO recommended that the agency establish appropriate criteria for the condition of safety control components on passenger cars .
gao recommended that the agency establish appropriate criteria for the condition of safety control [parts] on passenger cars .

As such , JTF-CNO is supported by the Departments of the Army , Navy , and Air Force and the Marine Corps computer emergencyresponse teams and other Defense components .
as such , jtf-cno is supported by the departments of the army , navy , and air force and the marine corps computer emergencyresponse teams and other defense [parts] .

The JTF-CNO expansion significantly increases its ability to perform the following : ( 1 ) preventive activities , such as conducting security reviews and issuing vulnerability alerts ; ( 2 ) coordination and monitoring detection activities performed by components , including monitoring automated intrusiondetection systems ; ( 3 ) investigative and diagnostic activities ; and ( 4 ) event handling and response activities , which involve disseminating information and providing technical assistance to system administrators so that they can appropriately respond to cyber attacks .
the jtf-cno expansion significantly increases its ability to perform the following : ( 1 ) preventive activities , such as conducting security reviews and issuing vulnerability alerts ; ( 2 ) coordination and monitoring detection activities performed by [parts] , including monitoring automated intrusiondetection systems ; ( 3 ) investigative and diagnostic activities ; and ( 4 ) event handling and response activities , which involve disseminating information and providing technical assistance to system administrators so that they can appropriately respond to cyber attacks .

In designing and implementing new T & A systems or components of existing systems , management should strive for costbeneficial systems and related internal control .
in designing and implementing new t & a systems or [parts] of existing systems , management should strive for costbeneficial systems and related internal control .

The requirement for traceability of components has been limited to where the agency believes it is necessary to protect the public health .
the requirement for traceability of [parts] has been limited to where the agency believes it is necessary to protect the public health .

Complex facility projects usually include a procurement phase in order to expedite the purchase , manufacture , and delivery of longleadtime equipment , such as unique process machinery , large electrical and mechanical equipment , and sophisticated architectural components .
complex facility projects usually include a procurement phase in order to expedite the purchase , manufacture , and delivery of longleadtime equipment , such as unique process machinery , large electrical and mechanical equipment , and sophisticated architectural [parts] .

Building components are tested individually and then together with other components in order to measure and compare their performance against the original design criteria .
building [parts] are tested individually and then together with other [parts] in order to measure and compare their performance against the original design criteria .

The users , functions , work load , operating costs , and components of the current system should also be identified .
the users , functions , work load , operating costs , and [parts] of the current system should also be identified .

GAO is committed to maintaining constructive and continuing communication with agencies and major components within agencies .
gao is committed to maintaining constructive and continuing communication with agencies and major [parts] within agencies .

In some instances , GAO may ask an agency liaison to distribute the notification to the agency 's respective major components .
in some instances , gao may ask an agency liaison to distribute the notification to the agency 's respective major [parts] .

The program is discretionary , and Justice components can choose whether they want to include frequent flyer savings , lodging savings , or both .
the program is discretionary , and justice [parts] can choose whether they want to include frequent flyer savings , lodging savings , or both .

According to a representative from DOD , the Department does not have a departmentwide frequent traveler program and has no data on the extent to which its components have such programs .
according to a representative from dod , the department does not have a departmentwide frequent traveler program and has no data on the extent to which its [parts] have such programs .

The third key element , `` obtained by extensive description and analysis , '' has three components .
the third key element , `` obtained by extensive description and analysis , '' has three [parts] .

The purpose was to identify input and process components of economic assistance that could be quantitatively associated with differences in outcome measures .
the purpose was to identify input and process [parts] of economic assistance that could be quantitatively associated with differences in outcome measures .

A low personal saving rate can raise questions about whether current generations are setting aside enough to sustain the nation 's productive capacity , especially if the other components of national saving are not correspondingly higher .
a low personal saving rate can raise questions about whether current generations are setting aside enough to sustain the nation 's productive capacity , especially if the other [parts] of national saving are not correspondingly higher .

Section 2 discusses the trend and the components of national saving , and section 3 explains how saving affects long-term economic growth and living standards .
section 2 discusses the trend and the [parts] of national saving , and section 3 explains how saving affects long-term economic growth and living standards .

Figure 2.2 breaks net national saving down into components .
figure 2.2 breaks net national saving down into [parts] .

Case Study : Recognizing the Role of Information Management in Creating Value Due to changes in market conditions and requirements for increased productivity through using common components , a large manufacturing company decided that it needed to make major changes in the way it managed IT to support the business .
case study : recognizing the role of information management in creating value due to changes in market conditions and requirements for increased productivity through using common [parts] , a large manufacturing company decided that it needed to make major changes in the way it managed it to support the business .

They also centrally manage architectures and a core set of infrastructure components to provide common IT services to the entire corporation .
they also centrally manage architectures and a core set of infrastructure [parts] to provide common it services to the entire corporation .

Common components of each business area include data centers , human resources , payroll , a financial architecture , and a common desktop environment .
common [parts] of each business area include data centers , human resources , payroll , a financial architecture , and a common desktop environment .

Government Management Reform Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103-356 ) ¬ This legislation expands the requirement for a fully audited financial statement under the CFO Act to 24 agencies and components of federal entities designated by the Office of Management and Budget .
government management reform act of 1994 ( public law 103-356 ) ¬ this legislation expands the requirement for a fully audited financial statement under the cfo act to 24 agencies and [parts] of federal entities designated by the office of management and budget .

Its principal components are : Oversight Committee .
its principal [parts] are : oversight committee .

Key components of the state 's planning and coordinating structure include the following :
key [parts] of the state 's planning and coordinating structure include the following :

This publication examined state planning in 18 states as models for building various components of a clientcentered , comprehensive , integrated state justice community .
this publication examined state planning in 18 states as models for building various [parts] of a clientcentered , comprehensive , integrated state justice community .

These guidelines , embodied in the LSC Competition Evaluation Guide , cover all aspects of program performance including components of the delivery approach , management , legal work supervision , identifying and establishing the most critical legal needs , coordination within the delivery system , and experience and reputation .
these guidelines , embodied in the lsc competition evaluation guide , cover all aspects of program performance including [parts] of the delivery approach , management , legal work supervision , identifying and establishing the most critical legal needs , coordination within the delivery system , and experience and reputation .

Missouri created the Missouri Legal Services Commission to , among other tasks , ensure that all of the Missouri delivery system components work together .
missouri created the missouri legal services commission to , among other tasks , ensure that all of the missouri delivery system [parts] work together .

CVs were calculated based on the within-laboratory component of variability , the between-laboratory component of variability , and total interlaboratory variability ( including both within-laboratory and between-laboratory components ) .
cvs were calculated based on the within-laboratory component of variability , the between-laboratory component of variability , and total interlaboratory variability ( including both within-laboratory and between-laboratory [parts] ) .

For the receiving water sample type , within-laboratory and between-laboratory components of variability could not be calculated since the study design did not provide within-laboratory replication for this sample type .
for the receiving water sample type , within-laboratory and between-laboratory [parts] of variability could not be calculated since the study design did not provide within-laboratory replication for this sample type .

The total interlaboratory variability , including within-laboratory and between-laboratory components of variability .
the total interlaboratory variability , including within-laboratory and between-laboratory [parts] of variability .

The total interlaboratory variability is synonymous with interlaboratory variability reported from other studies where individual variability components are not separated .
the total interlaboratory variability is synonymous with interlaboratory variability reported from other studies where individual variability [parts] are not separated .

CVs based on total interlaboratory variability ( including both within-laboratory and between-laboratory components of variability ) and averaged across sample types .
cvs based on total interlaboratory variability ( including both within-laboratory and between-laboratory [parts] of variability ) and averaged across sample types .

Economy-wide Impacts Table 3 provides a summary of key macroeconomic data for the year 2010 to compare the impact of emissions reductions on both personal consumption and other components of gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
economy-wide impacts table 3 provides a summary of key macroeconomic data for the year 2010 to compare the impact of emissions reductions on both personal consumption and other [parts] of gross domestic product ( gdp ) .

CVs based on total interlaboratory variability ( including both within-laboratory and between-laboratory components of variability ) and averaged across sample types .
cvs based on total interlaboratory variability ( including both within-laboratory and between-laboratory [parts] of variability ) and averaged across sample types .

ACI hardware is comprised of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel .
aci hardware is comprised of relatively common mechanical [parts] and is largely made of steel .

Major components of Wet FGD ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .5 3-1 .
major [parts] of wet fgd ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .5 3-1 .

The chemical reactions that occur with the limestone reagent form a corrosive environment requiring many of the system components to be corrosion and abrasion resistant .
the chemical reactions that occur with the limestone reagent form a corrosive environment requiring many of the system [parts] to be corrosion and abrasion resistant .

Major wet FGD system components are shown in Figure 2-2 .
major wet fgd system [parts] are shown in figure 2-2 .

The usefulness and appropriateness of using cranes in an FGD installation is dependent on several factors , including the ability to physically place a crane on site or adjacent to the site ( e.g. , on a barge ) and the use of modular construction of major FGD technology components .
the usefulness and appropriateness of using cranes in an fgd installation is dependent on several factors , including the ability to physically place a crane on site or adjacent to the site ( e.g. , on a barge ) and the use of modular construction of major fgd technology [parts] .

Except for the catalyst , most of the material/equipment used to assemble an SCR system is either standard mechanical and electrical components ( pumps , blowers , valves , piping , heaters , pressure vessels , temperature and pressure sensors , etc . )
except for the catalyst , most of the material/equipment used to assemble an scr system is either standard mechanical and electrical [parts] ( pumps , blowers , valves , piping , heaters , pressure vessels , temperature and pressure sensors , etc . )

In this case , large pieces of steam piping or other large steel boiler components may need to be replaced .
in this case , large pieces of steam piping or other large steel boiler [parts] may need to be replaced .

The ACI System consists of the following components , as shown in the simplified schematic of Figure 4-3 :
the aci system consists of the following [parts] , as shown in the simplified schematic of figure 4-3 :

Structural steel is used primarily for the absorber , ductwork , and supports , and secondarily in miscellaneous components including reinforcement of existing structures at a facility .
structural steel is used primarily for the absorber , ductwork , and supports , and secondarily in miscellaneous [parts] including reinforcement of existing structures at a facility .

However , experience has indicated that project planning can surmount even difficult situations ( e.g. , prefabrication and jacking up components ) .
however , experience has indicated that project planning can surmount even difficult situations ( e.g. , prefabrication and jacking up [parts] ) .

ACI hardware is comprised of relatively common mechanical components and is largely made of steel .
aci hardware is comprised of relatively common mechanical [parts] and is largely made of steel .

DOE/EPRI : Materials & Components Newsletter , No .
doe/epri : materials & [parts] newsletter , no .

All estimates assume that particles are causally associated with health effects , and that all components have the same toxicity .
all estimates assume that particles are causally associated with health effects , and that all [parts] have the same toxicity .

REMSAD consists of three components : ( 1 ) a meteorological data pre-processor ; ( 2 ) the core aerosol and toxic deposition model ( ATDM ) ; and ( 3 ) postprocessing programs .
remsad consists of three [parts] : ( 1 ) a meteorological data pre-processor ; ( 2 ) the core aerosol and toxic deposition model ( atdm ) ; and ( 3 ) postprocessing programs .

The preliminary reanalyses of the mortality and morbidity components of NMMAPS suggest that analyses reporting the lowest relative risks appear to be affected more greatly by this error than studies reporting higher relative risks ( Dominici et al. , 2002 ; Schwartz and Zanobetti , 2002 ) .
the preliminary reanalyses of the mortality and morbidity [parts] of nmmaps suggest that analyses reporting the lowest relative risks appear to be affected more greatly by this error than studies reporting higher relative risks ( dominici et al. , 2002 ; schwartz and zanobetti , 2002 ) .

While most of the published studies found positive ( but not always significant ) associations with available PM indices such as total suspended particles ( TSP ) , fine particles components ( i.e .
while most of the published studies found positive ( but not always significant ) associations with available pm indices such as total suspended particles ( tsp ) , fine particles [parts] ( i.e .

Changes in fine particulate mass components are used directly to estimate changes in extinction .
changes in fine particulate mass [parts] are used directly to estimate changes in extinction .

Based on assumptions about the distributions of each of these three uncertain components , we derive a distribution of WTP to avoid a pollution-related case of CB by statistical uncertainty analysis techniques .
based on assumptions about the distributions of each of these three uncertain [parts] , we derive a distribution of wtp to avoid a pollution-related case of cb by statistical uncertainty analysis techniques .

Second , it would be informative to divide the IC mail exchange into LC and AO components .
second , it would be informative to divide the ic mail exchange into lc and ao [parts] .

To divide IC mail into LC and AO components , we need further data from the Postal Service or to make additional assumptions .
to divide ic mail into lc and ao [parts] , we need further data from the postal service or to make additional assumptions .

City carrier time is derived from the USPS Cost Segments and Components Report for FY 1999 and the average time is 18 Paris has 20 delivery areas and more than 1000 routes , and many delivery areas , like in Lozère only have one route .
city carrier time is derived from the usps cost segments and [parts] report for fy 1999 and the average time is 18 paris has 20 delivery areas and more than 1000 routes , and many delivery areas , like in lozère only have one route .

Variable and Fixed Costs We divide out-of-office delivery costs into their components using the method developed by the U.S .
variable and fixed costs we divide out-of-office delivery costs into their [parts] using the method developed by the u.s .

R2000-1 USPS LR-I-1 , Summary Description of USPS Development of Costs by Segments and Components , FY 1998 .
r2000-1 usps lr-i-1 , summary description of usps development of costs by segments and [parts] , fy 1998 .

Recent empirical research confirms the widely held belief that economies of scale exist in the delivery of mail.8 Other functional components of the Postal Service are presumed here not to exhibit significant scale economies , although this has not been demonstrated .
recent empirical research confirms the widely held belief that economies of scale exist in the delivery of mail.8 other functional [parts] of the postal service are presumed here not to exhibit significant scale economies , although this has not been demonstrated .

Within ICS , incident command is organized into five major components : the command function , the planning section , the operations section , the logistics section , and the finance/administration section .
within ics , incident command is organized into five major [parts] : the command function , the planning section , the operations section , the logistics section , and the finance/administration section .

The NYSE , Amex , and Nasdaq have developed plans for coordination and cooperation in the event of a disaster affecting one or all of them , but these plans do not include other exchanges or international components .
the nyse , amex , and nasdaq have developed plans for coordination and cooperation in the event of a disaster affecting one or all of them , but these plans do not include other exchanges or international [parts] .

The Army , Navy , Air Force , and Marine Corps have their own intelligence components that collect information , help them decide what weapons to acquire , and serve the tactical intelligence needs of their respective services .
the army , navy , air force , and marine corps have their own intelligence [parts] that collect information , help them decide what weapons to acquire , and serve the tactical intelligence needs of their respective services .

Even the most basic information about how much money is actually allocated to or within the intelligence community and most of its key components is shrouded from public view .
even the most basic information about how much money is actually allocated to or within the intelligence community and most of its key [parts] is shrouded from public view .

Money for the FBI 's national security components falls within the appropriations for Commerce , Justice , and State and goes to the attorney general .
money for the fbi 's national security [parts] falls within the appropriations for commerce , justice , and state and goes to the attorney general .

The secretary of homeland security must ensure that these components work with the Information Analysis and Infrastructure Protection Directorate so that this office can perform its mission .
the secretary of homeland security must ensure that these [parts] work with the information analysis and infrastructure protection directorate so that this office can perform its mission .

He spent a week in Vancouver preparing the explosive components with a close friend .
he spent a week in vancouver preparing the explosive [parts] with a close friend .

To overcome this problem , KSM decided to split the planes operation into two components .
to overcome this problem , ksm decided to split the planes operation into two [parts] .

Such a management strategy would necessarily extend beyond the CTC to the components that feed its expertise and support its operations , linked transparently to counterterrorism objectives .
such a management strategy would necessarily extend beyond the ctc to the [parts] that feed its expertise and support its operations , linked transparently to counterterrorism objectives .

On DOJ 's priorities , see DOJ memo , Ashcroft to Heads of Department Components , `` Guidance for Preparing FY 2003 Budgets , '' May 10 , 2001 .
on doj 's priorities , see doj memo , ashcroft to heads of department [parts] , `` guidance for preparing fy 2003 budgets , '' may 10 , 2001 .

One impediment was that the respective DOJ components could not agree on all the proposed reforms .
one impediment was that the respective doj [parts] could not agree on all the proposed reforms .

This network is clearly complex , in that Wg and Hh signals affect not only downstream genes , but also the expression and/or activity of the components of each other 's signaling machinery .
this network is clearly complex , in that wg and hh signals affect not only downstream genes , but also the expression and/or activity of the [parts] of each other 's signaling machinery .

Considerable progress had been made in constructing novel compounds by mixing and matching PKS subunits , but this was largely based on empirical knowledge about which components to put together ( McDaniel et al .
considerable progress had been made in constructing novel compounds by mixing and matching pks subunits , but this was largely based on empirical knowledge about which [parts] to put together ( mcdaniel et al .

The components of each module are not activities carried on the same protein , as in the PKSs for the complex polyketides , but are all separate proteins .
the [parts] of each module are not activities carried on the same protein , as in the pkss for the complex polyketides , but are all separate proteins .

It became clear that components of the event-related potential could be systematically related to sensory and motor stages of information processing .
it became clear that [parts] of the event-related potential could be systematically related to sensory and motor stages of information processing .

While tasks like the number comparison discussed above can be usefully divided into stages , some components may deal with simultaneous operations and may be limited only by a total capacity of central mechanisms .
while tasks like the number comparison discussed above can be usefully divided into stages , some [parts] may deal with simultaneous operations and may be limited only by a total capacity of central mechanisms .

The identification of the regulatory components of the ectodomain shedding machinery have been long-sought in other studies employing phorbol esters to stimulate shedding of sAPP α or TGFα [ 4,35,36,37 ] .
the identification of the regulatory [parts] of the ectodomain shedding machinery have been long-sought in other studies employing phorbol esters to stimulate shedding of sapp α or tgfα [ 4,35,36,37 ] .

The molecular isolation of these “ dwarfing genes ” has revealed that they encode components of the GA biosynthesis and response pathways ( Peng et al .
the molecular isolation of these “ dwarfing genes ” has revealed that they encode [parts] of the ga biosynthesis and response pathways ( peng et al .

Only recently , however , have putative MAP kinase kinase and MAP kinase components of the ethylene pathway been identified ( Chang 2003 ) .
only recently , however , have putative map kinase kinase and map kinase [parts] of the ethylene pathway been identified ( chang 2003 ) .

Receptors and other upstream signaling components remain to be identified for the majority of the phytohormones .
receptors and other upstream signaling [parts] remain to be identified for the majority of the phytohormones .

There are few chimps left and if we lose the opportunity to study them and their brains , we will lose forever a fundamental source of insight into our own species. ” To begin with , Preuss used staining techniques that exploit antibodies to examine the neural components of chimpanzee and human brains .
there are few chimps left and if we lose the opportunity to study them and their brains , we will lose forever a fundamental source of insight into our own species. ” to begin with , preuss used staining techniques that exploit antibodies to examine the neural [parts] of chimpanzee and human brains .

Components in these pathways perform the same biochemical functions and act in the same order in both fruitfly and mammalian cells .
[parts] in these pathways perform the same biochemical functions and act in the same order in both fruitfly and mammalian cells .

For a fully functional immune system , these components must act in synergy .
for a fully functional immune system , these [parts] must act in synergy .

Mutations in the Drosophila Toll gene ( as well as in other components in the pathway ) make the fly susceptible to fungal or gram-positive bacterial infections .
mutations in the drosophila toll gene ( as well as in other [parts] in the pathway ) make the fly susceptible to fungal or gram-positive bacterial infections .

While components of the Drosophila Toll pathway were identified in earlier genetic screens for developmental mutants , those in the Imd pathway have been the focus of more recent studies , mainly in the context of Drosophila immunity ( Hoffmann and Reichhart 2002 ; Hultmark 2003 ) .
while [parts] of the drosophila toll pathway were identified in earlier genetic screens for developmental mutants , those in the imd pathway have been the focus of more recent studies , mainly in the context of drosophila immunity ( hoffmann and reichhart 2002 ; hultmark 2003 ) .

The reduction of glucose levels to below 200 mg/dl has been shown to improve granulocyte adherence and granulocytosis , both key components of the innate immunity and the defense against bacterial infections .
the reduction of glucose levels to below 200 mg/dl has been shown to improve granulocyte adherence and granulocytosis , both key [parts] of the innate immunity and the defense against bacterial infections .

This is accomplished , for instance , by suppressing ubiquitin E3 ligase activity or interacting with various components of the pathway ( Bech-Otschir et al .
this is accomplished , for instance , by suppressing ubiquitin e3 ligase activity or interacting with various [parts] of the pathway ( bech-otschir et al .

The importance of these components to proteasome function is apparent in their partially overlapping properties .
the importance of these [parts] to proteasome function is apparent in their partially overlapping properties .

Knowledge gained about this relationship is not only directly applicable to the very similar process of sympatric speciation , but can also tell us a great deal about speciation caused by ecological adaptation and sexual selection , which are critical components of reinforcement in many systems ( e.g. , Nosil et al .
knowledge gained about this relationship is not only directly applicable to the very similar process of sympatric speciation , but can also tell us a great deal about speciation caused by ecological adaptation and sexual selection , which are critical [parts] of reinforcement in many systems ( e.g. , nosil et al .

While all the major components of the food web are responding to these changes , Fraser said , the clearest evidence comes from studies of two especially sensitive indicators of climate change : krill and penguins .
while all the major [parts] of the food web are responding to these changes , fraser said , the clearest evidence comes from studies of two especially sensitive indicators of climate change : krill and penguins .

While knowledge of these components is still quite spotty , tuna inventories , for example , have started collecting gender data on catches .
while knowledge of these [parts] is still quite spotty , tuna inventories , for example , have started collecting gender data on catches .

As protection usually does n't extend to different serotypes , vaccination with capsule components from different serotypes is necessary to ensure broad protection .
as protection usually does n't extend to different serotypes , vaccination with capsule [parts] from different serotypes is necessary to ensure broad protection .

The study does n't demonstrate what the additional components are , but additional research might not just teach us about our immune system but also provide clues for further vaccine development .
the study does n't demonstrate what the additional [parts] are , but additional research might not just teach us about our immune system but also provide clues for further vaccine development .

Boosting the number of children studied and following them from early infancy through adolescence and beyond will also be key components of future studies .
boosting the number of children studied and following them from early infancy through adolescence and beyond will also be key [parts] of future studies .

The Canadian system has two components , one for indexing fire weather and another predicting fire behavior .
the canadian system has two [parts] , one for indexing fire weather and another predicting fire behavior .

The project has the ambitious goal of protecting not only the usual biodiversity patterns of conservation areas but also the spatial components of evolutionary processes that enable species to adapt to potentially harmful changes .
the project has the ambitious goal of protecting not only the usual biodiversity patterns of conservation areas but also the spatial [parts] of evolutionary processes that enable species to adapt to potentially harmful changes .

Chondrocytic differentiation was confirmed by the gene expression of collagen II and aggrecan , two components of extracellular matrix selectively expressed by chondrocytes , using RT-PCR ( Figure 2B ) .
chondrocytic differentiation was confirmed by the gene expression of collagen ii and aggrecan , two [parts] of extracellular matrix selectively expressed by chondrocytes , using rt-pcr ( figure 2b ) .

These domains are often found in transcription factors , protein kinases , and components of vesicular transport .
these domains are often found in transcription factors , protein kinases , and [parts] of vesicular transport .

Indeed , the relatedness of RNAi , PTGS , and quelling was confirmed when genetic analyses in worms , plants , and Neurospora identified common components in the respective silencing pathways ( Denli and Hannon 2003 ) .
indeed , the relatedness of rnai , ptgs , and quelling was confirmed when genetic analyses in worms , plants , and neurospora identified common [parts] in the respective silencing pathways ( denli and hannon 2003 ) .

This silencing pathway uses short RNAs produced by Dicer and other RNAi components to direct methylation of DNA-associated proteins ( histones ) , thus generating condensed , transcriptionally silent chromosome regions ( heterochromatin ) ( see Figure 1 ) .
this silencing pathway uses short rnas produced by dicer and other rnai [parts] to direct methylation of dna-associated proteins ( histones ) , thus generating condensed , transcriptionally silent chromosome regions ( heterochromatin ) ( see figure 1 ) .

This study illustrates nicely how RNA silencing components have diversified in plants to carry out specialized functions .
this study illustrates nicely how rna silencing [parts] have diversified in plants to carry out specialized functions .

While studies in animals [ 22 ] and humans [ 23 ] have failed to find a protective effect of antibodies to CWPS or its components , a recent study showed that passive transfer of human IgG against phosphorylcholine , a component of CWPS , could protect mice against invasive pneumococcal infections [ 24 ] .
while studies in animals [ 22 ] and humans [ 23 ] have failed to find a protective effect of antibodies to cwps or its [parts] , a recent study showed that passive transfer of human igg against phosphorylcholine , a component of cwps , could protect mice against invasive pneumococcal infections [ 24 ] .

With additional engineering of optics , electronics , and mechanical components along with advancements in integrated microfluidic systems , it should be possible to develop a point-of-care instrument that is battery-powered , uses simple light emitting diodes ( LEDs ) , and secures analyzable digital images with affordable video imaging chips .
with additional engineering of optics , electronics , and mechanical [parts] along with advancements in integrated microfluidic systems , it should be possible to develop a point-of-care instrument that is battery-powered , uses simple light emitting diodes ( leds ) , and secures analyzable digital images with affordable video imaging chips .

Scientific societies serve their members , their broader scholarly communities , and the different components of their missions in many important ways .
scientific societies serve their members , their broader scholarly communities , and the different [parts] of their missions in many important ways .

Starting the Dialogue Reaching a “ steady-state ” system of open-access publishing by scientific societies will require three critical components : recognition that open access serves societies ' members and missions ; diversified revenue streams not solely dependent on subscription or site-license fees ; and society publishers ' making use of recent innovations in journal production and dissemination , which can dramatically reduce the costs of publishing .
starting the dialogue reaching a “ steady-state ” system of open-access publishing by scientific societies will require three critical [parts] : recognition that open access serves societies ' members and missions ; diversified revenue streams not solely dependent on subscription or site-license fees ; and society publishers ' making use of recent innovations in journal production and dissemination , which can dramatically reduce the costs of publishing .

A second phenomenon , best exemplified by dipteran insects , is the modification of genetic control pathways through the gain or loss of key pathway components ( Figure 2B ) .
a second phenomenon , best exemplified by dipteran insects , is the modification of genetic control pathways through the gain or loss of key pathway [parts] ( figure 2b ) .

Waiting decades more for further studies will not help all those now succumbing to the disease , as long as all the components have already been well vetted , as they have been .
waiting decades more for further studies will not help all those now succumbing to the disease , as long as all the [parts] have already been well vetted , as they have been .

The opportunities and the challenges that biology offers mathematics arise because the units at any given level of biological organization are heterogeneous , and the outcomes of their interactions ( sometimes called “ emergent phenomena ” or “ ensemble properties ” ) on any selected temporal and spatial scale may be substantially affected by the heterogeneity and interactions of biological components at lower and higher levels of biological organization and at smaller and larger temporal and spatial scales ( Anderson 1972 , 1995 ) .
the opportunities and the challenges that biology offers mathematics arise because the units at any given level of biological organization are heterogeneous , and the outcomes of their interactions ( sometimes called “ emergent phenomena ” or “ ensemble properties ” ) on any selected temporal and spatial scale may be substantially affected by the heterogeneity and interactions of biological [parts] at lower and higher levels of biological organization and at smaller and larger temporal and spatial scales ( anderson 1972 , 1995 ) .

All components of the model were based on measurements made in real villages .
all [parts] of the model were based on measurements made in real villages .

Although many intracellular components involved in outsidein signaling have been identified , and much has been learned about various signaling pathways involved in outside-in signaling ( Giancotti and Ruoslahti 1999 ) , a molecular view of how the various events occur in time and space is still very uncertain .
although many intracellular [parts] involved in outsidein signaling have been identified , and much has been learned about various signaling pathways involved in outside-in signaling ( giancotti and ruoslahti 1999 ) , a molecular view of how the various events occur in time and space is still very uncertain .

This may be accomplished simply by selecting a superior individual from among a range of existing possibilities , or it may require that a breeder know how to efficiently swap or replace parts , recombine components , and rebuild a biological system that will be capable of growing vigorously and productively in the context of an agricultural environment .
this may be accomplished simply by selecting a superior individual from among a range of existing possibilities , or it may require that a breeder know how to efficiently swap or replace parts , recombine [parts] , and rebuild a biological system that will be capable of growing vigorously and productively in the context of an agricultural environment .

In Drosophila , one of the components that loads cohesin ( Nipped-B or Scc2 ) has also been shown to be required for long-range promoter–enhancer interactions [ 39,40 ] .
in drosophila , one of the [parts] that loads cohesin ( nipped-b or scc2 ) has also been shown to be required for long-range promoter–enhancer interactions [ 39,40 ] .

In this sense , the cochlea processes sound similarly to how a prism acts on white light [ 11 ] : it decomposes mixtures of sound frequencies into their components , and maps them onto different spatial positions within the cochlea .
in this sense , the cochlea processes sound similarly to how a prism acts on white light [ 11 ] : it decomposes mixtures of sound frequencies into their [parts] , and maps them onto different spatial positions within the cochlea .

Because of the parallel processing of receptor information from the cochlea , we can hear mixtures of different frequencies , and analyze their components accurately , unless mixtures are very complex .
because of the parallel processing of receptor information from the cochlea , we can hear mixtures of different frequencies , and analyze their [parts] accurately , unless mixtures are very complex .

We ( and other animals ) can only ever see one color in a point ; additive color mixtures are perceived as intermediates of their generative sources , and it is not possible to identify the physical components of a mixture ( e.g. , the perception of white can be generated mixing any two complementary colors ) .
we ( and other animals ) can only ever see one color in a point ; additive color mixtures are perceived as intermediates of their generative sources , and it is not possible to identify the physical [parts] of a mixture ( e.g. , the perception of white can be generated mixing any two complementary colors ) .

In contrast , we can hear several frequencies at once , and identify the components of at least simple stimulus mixtures such as triads [ 15 ] .
in contrast , we can hear several frequencies at once , and identify the [parts] of at least simple stimulus mixtures such as triads [ 15 ] .

If odor perception followed rules similar to those of color perception , and if it relied exclusively on derived parameters ( such as carbon chain length ) , then mixtures would be perceived as intermediates of their components .
if odor perception followed rules similar to those of color perception , and if it relied exclusively on derived parameters ( such as carbon chain length ) , then mixtures would be perceived as intermediates of their [parts] .

On the other hand , are odor mixtures simply perceived as a compound entity with distinct components ( like a triad in vertebrate pitch perception ) , or are mixtures unique entities that are perceived as fundamentally different from their elements ( like “ white ” in color perception ) ?
on the other hand , are odor mixtures simply perceived as a compound entity with distinct [parts] ( like a triad in vertebrate pitch perception ) , or are mixtures unique entities that are perceived as fundamentally different from their elements ( like “ white ” in color perception ) ?

Honeybees appear to employ a combination of the two : they can perceive the components of a mixture ( and generalize to these components when faced with them individually ) , but also attach unique properties to the mixture [ 31,35 ] .
honeybees appear to employ a combination of the two : they can perceive the [parts] of a mixture ( and generalize to these [parts] when faced with them individually ) , but also attach unique properties to the mixture [ 31,35 ] .

As microbial pathogens such as viruses are both abundant and rapidly evolving , positive selection on components of the adaptive immune response is often very strong ( Yeager and Hughes 1999 ) .
as microbial pathogens such as viruses are both abundant and rapidly evolving , positive selection on [parts] of the adaptive immune response is often very strong ( yeager and hughes 1999 ) .

Thus , our hominid ancestors adopted an apparatus already divided neuroanatomically into discrete components .
thus , our hominid ancestors adopted an apparatus already divided neuroanatomically into discrete [parts] .

Model building is a way of bringing into the picture previously determined bond distances and bond angles of components such as the purine and pyrimidine bases and the sugars that are unavailable from the fiber diagram .
model building is a way of bringing into the picture previously determined bond distances and bond angles of [parts] such as the purine and pyrimidine bases and the sugars that are unavailable from the fiber diagram .

It is impossible to construct well-defined large structures from flexible components .
it is impossible to construct well-defined large structures from flexible [parts] .

In contrast , many studies seeking environmental drivers are plagued by the many confounding factors , particularly the impact that other components of global change have on the transmission dynamics of infectious diseases .
in contrast , many studies seeking environmental drivers are plagued by the many confounding factors , particularly the impact that other [parts] of global change have on the transmission dynamics of infectious diseases .

Many skills and life patterns , which are key components for self-sufficiency , are formed during this period .
many skills and life patterns , which are key [parts] for self-sufficiency , are formed during this period .

Technology is a large globule of many diverse components .
technology is a large globule of many diverse [parts] .

What I think of as `` me , '' says Minsky , is actually a pattern that emerges as a lot of components of my brain go about their business of seeing or hearing or eating or whatever it is they do -- -- much the way a traffic pattern emerges out of the actions of a lot of drivers , or an opera performance out of the actions of musicians , singers , a conductor , and a stage manager .
what i think of as `` me , '' says minsky , is actually a pattern that emerges as a lot of [parts] of my brain go about their business of seeing or hearing or eating or whatever it is they do -- -- much the way a traffic pattern emerges out of the actions of a lot of drivers , or an opera performance out of the actions of musicians , singers , a conductor , and a stage manager .

Both Times es state that experts suspect Iraq has been restocking its supplies of prohibited weapons ; the LAT lists these as chemical and biological arms and components of atomic bombs .
both times es state that experts suspect iraq has been restocking its supplies of prohibited weapons ; the lat lists these as chemical and biological arms and [parts] of atomic bombs .

The story also reports that on Wednesday a federal grand jury indicted the Algerian arrested in Washington state for trying to smuggle bombmaking components into the country , a development that is fronted at the WP and reefered at the NYT .
the story also reports that on wednesday a federal grand jury indicted the algerian arrested in washington state for trying to smuggle bombmaking [parts] into the country , a development that is fronted at the wp and reefered at the nyt .

If ethics is relegated to peripheral and obsolete questions while industry deconstructs , redesigns , and manufactures human components just like any other commodity , laws that exempt these components from patenting , licensing , and other property rights will lose their moral basis .
if ethics is relegated to peripheral and obsolete questions while industry deconstructs , redesigns , and manufactures human [parts] just like any other commodity , laws that exempt these [parts] from patenting , licensing , and other property rights will lose their moral basis .

He applied 47 years of experience with this art to the rather skimpy components of the Model 88 , which explains how he gets such a smooth , coherent sound from not only a small box but also a cheap one .
he applied 47 years of experience with this art to the rather skimpy [parts] of the model 88 , which explains how he gets such a smooth , coherent sound from not only a small box but also a cheap one .

IT 'S EVERYWHERE : Note that Clinton 's ultimate sin -- the sin of corporatism , of seeing society as a single body with individual human components performing different social functions and having different , unequal rights -- is the same as Kenneth Starr 's sin .
it 's everywhere : note that clinton 's ultimate sin -- the sin of corporatism , of seeing society as a single body with individual human [parts] performing different social functions and having different , unequal rights -- is the same as kenneth starr 's sin .

Though the blood-to-ichor transfer does not cancel human nature ( the distillation is only approximate : elfin blood contains several unanalyzable components , one of which is believed to be magnetic air ) , it gives considerable longevity ; ... `` Dear little thing , '' said Tiphaine [ the queen of Elfhame ; all Warner 's elfin kingdoms are matriarchies ] .
though the blood-to-ichor transfer does not cancel human nature ( the distillation is only approximate : elfin blood contains several unanalyzable [parts] , one of which is believed to be magnetic air ) , it gives considerable longevity ; ... `` dear little thing , '' said tiphaine [ the queen of elfhame ; all warner 's elfin kingdoms are matriarchies ] .

Big businesses that import a lot of components , explains the paper , would have benefited at the expense of smaller companies that do not .
big businesses that import a lot of [parts] , explains the paper , would have benefited at the expense of smaller companies that do not .

No wonder , since the strongest theme in modern women 's fashion has been the creative theft of the male wardrobe , with all its components translated into terms of conspicuous seduction .
no wonder , since the strongest theme in modern women 's fashion has been the creative theft of the male wardrobe , with all its [parts] translated into terms of conspicuous seduction .

The entrenched advantages of advanced nations -- their infrastructure and technical know-how , the vastly larger size of their markets and their proximity to suppliers of key components , their political stability and the subtle-but-crucial social adaptations that are necessary to operate an efficient economy -- seemed to outweigh even a tenfold or twentyfold disparity in wage rates .
the entrenched advantages of advanced nations -- their infrastructure and technical know-how , the vastly larger size of their markets and their proximity to suppliers of key [parts] , their political stability and the subtle-but-crucial social adaptations that are necessary to operate an efficient economy -- seemed to outweigh even a tenfold or twentyfold disparity in wage rates .

Hoffmann tries to define the components of what we consider `` good causes '' and then to set up `` a hierarchy of concerns '' to deal with the often contradictory demands of trying to honor `` sovereignty , self-determination , democratic government , and individual rights . ''
hoffmann tries to define the [parts] of what we consider `` good causes '' and then to set up `` a hierarchy of concerns '' to deal with the often contradictory demands of trying to honor `` sovereignty , self-determination , democratic government , and individual rights . ''

The boxed objects , of little intrinsic worth , are transformed into the components of a revelation we can only guess at , through hidden affinities we can not doubt .
the boxed objects , of little intrinsic worth , are transformed into the [parts] of a revelation we can only guess at , through hidden affinities we can not doubt .

The point is that most of the business components of the deal seem to make perfect sense .
the point is that most of the business [parts] of the deal seem to make perfect sense .

Accordingly , the first Sun workstations were assembled from off-the-shelf components .
accordingly , the first sun workstations were assembled from off-the-shelf [parts] .

The new company may also benefit from merging warehousing and inventory management , and ideally there will be joint production of components that both companies use .
the new company may also benefit from merging warehousing and inventory management , and ideally there will be joint production of [parts] that both companies use .

Distilled from all the hot air , this philosophy has two components : 1 ) American society should pressure its citizens to do more good works , for children and in general .
distilled from all the hot air , this philosophy has two [parts] : 1 ) american society should pressure its citizens to do more good works , for children and in general .

Then in 1983 he published his book Frames of Mind : The Theory of Multiple Intelligences , which cleaved intelligence into seven components .
then in 1983 he published his book frames of mind : the theory of multiple intelligences , which cleaved intelligence into seven [parts] .

Glassman and Hassett now claim that they will sort out the components of retained earnings to avoid double-counting in their forthcoming book .
glassman and hassett now claim that they will sort out the [parts] of retained earnings to avoid double-counting in their forthcoming book .

As Wright knows , the hype in overhype probably comes from hypodermic , as in needle , the components of that term deriving from Greek words meaning `` under the skin . ''
as wright knows , the hype in overhype probably comes from hypodermic , as in needle , the [parts] of that term deriving from greek words meaning `` under the skin . ''

The coverage generally has two components : describing the deal and then saying who won .
the coverage generally has two [parts] : describing the deal and then saying who won .

The components of that growth tell the real story .
the [parts] of that growth tell the real story .

Microsoft 's position is that Jackson did not actually remove Internet Explorer from his computer because the add/remove procedure leaves `` components '' of Internet Explorer on the machine .
microsoft 's position is that jackson did not actually remove internet explorer from his computer because the add/remove procedure leaves `` [parts] '' of internet explorer on the machine .

Later , if you 're curious about what these components are and how Microsoft decided which components belong to Internet Explorer , read two key documents , both written by David Cole , the Microsoft vice president in charge of the Internet Client and Collaboration Division .
later , if you 're curious about what these [parts] are and how microsoft decided which [parts] belong to internet explorer , read two key documents , both written by david cole , the microsoft vice president in charge of the internet client and collaboration division .

In the first affidavit , starting at Paragraph 41 , you 'll find a list of components that are allegedly part of Internet Explorer .
in the first affidavit , starting at paragraph 41 , you 'll find a list of [parts] that are allegedly part of internet explorer .

A couple of serious warnings : Before removing any components , you must save copies onto a floppy disk .
a couple of serious warnings : before removing any [parts] , you must save copies onto a floppy disk .

Later , you 'll use this disk to copy the components back onto your hard drive .
later , you 'll use this disk to copy the [parts] back onto your hard drive .

Final warning : If your computer fails to work the way it used to even after returning the components , I ca n't help you .
final warning : if your computer fails to work the way it used to even after returning the [parts] , i ca n't help you .

Try running Internet Explorer without these three components , though , and it really will be seriously crippled .
try running internet explorer without these three [parts] , though , and it really will be seriously crippled .

A story on the LAT front reports further on the increasing difficulties with U.S. intelligence 's explanation for why that Sudanese plant must have been producing components for nerve gas ( difficulties first broached last week by the NYT ) .
a story on the lat front reports further on the increasing difficulties with u.s. intelligence 's explanation for why that sudanese plant must have been producing [parts] for nerve gas ( difficulties first broached last week by the nyt ) .

The Post lead is a bombshell because it shows inner details of the cave-in , including an August 4th phone call between Madeleine Albright and the U.N. 's top inspector , Richard Butler , in which Albright urged Butler to call off no-notice inspections at two sites thought to have forbidden weapons components and supporting documents .
the post lead is a bombshell because it shows inner details of the cave-in , including an august 4th phone call between madeleine albright and the u.n. 's top inspector , richard butler , in which albright urged butler to call off no-notice inspections at two sites thought to have forbidden weapons [parts] and supporting documents .

An idiom , a combination of two or more words the meaning of which is different from the literal meaning of the sum of its components ( like kick the bucket , red herring ) , is distinguished from the concept of idiom , which refers to the natural order and combination of words by a native speaker .
an idiom , a combination of two or more words the meaning of which is different from the literal meaning of the sum of its [parts] ( like kick the bucket , red herring ) , is distinguished from the concept of idiom , which refers to the natural order and combination of words by a native speaker .

However , since French compounds tend to be rather explicit , and their components are generally strung together by all kinds of grammatical particles ( conjunctions , prepositions , articles ) , this method often leads to tapewormish constructions , such as espace extra-atmosphérique for ` outer space ' or boucle en épingle à cheveux for ` hairpin loop . '
however , since french compounds tend to be rather explicit , and their [parts] are generally strung together by all kinds of grammatical particles ( conjunctions , prepositions , articles ) , this method often leads to tapewormish constructions , such as espace extra-atmosphérique for ` outer space ' or boucle en épingle à cheveux for ` hairpin loop . '

Potassium chloride ( KCl ) , on the other hand , can be made to react with Chile saltpeter ( see above ) to produce true saltpeter : potassium nitrate ( KNO3 ) , an essential ingredient of gunpowder , whose other two components are sulfur and carbon ; the three can be combined to explosive effect in as simple proportions by weight as 1 , 2 , and 3 respectively .
potassium chloride ( kcl ) , on the other hand , can be made to react with chile saltpeter ( see above ) to produce true saltpeter : potassium nitrate ( kno3 ) , an essential ingredient of gunpowder , whose other two [parts] are sulfur and carbon ; the three can be combined to explosive effect in as simple proportions by weight as 1 , 2 , and 3 respectively .

The lock , stock , and barrel are the three main components of a gun that together compose essentially the entire weapon .
the lock , stock , and barrel are the three main [parts] of a gun that together compose essentially the entire weapon .

