The wartime protocol of September 12 , 1944 , designated a special `` Greater Berlin '' area , comprising the entire city , to be under joint occupation .
the wartime protocol of september 12 , 1944 , designated a special `` greater berlin '' area , [forming/containing] the entire city , to be under joint occupation .

In order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent .
in order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards [forming/containing] the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent .

-- The crystallization of copolymers comprising Af units interspersed with a minor percentage of Af is limited by the inability of the crystal lattice characteristic of the former to accommodate the bulky side group of the latter .
-- the crystallization of copolymers [forming/containing] af units interspersed with a minor percentage of af is limited by the inability of the crystal lattice characteristic of the former to accommodate the bulky side group of the latter .

Well fitted with fitted suite comprising bath with Redring .
well fitted with fitted suite [forming/containing] bath with redring .

Bathroom in suite comprising panelled bath , pedestal finished in white .
bathroom in suite [forming/containing] panelled bath , pedestal finished in white .

The first round of voting last week had been seen as a referendum on a UN-backed ‘ set of ideas ’ to end the division of the island with the creation of a federal state comprising Greek and Turkish Cypriot zones .
the first round of voting last week had been seen as a referendum on a un-backed ‘ set of ideas ’ to end the division of the island with the creation of a federal state [forming/containing] greek and turkish cypriot zones .

Commenting publicly after the recent appointment of a part-time woman and two men to a partnership comprising one woman and 30 men , the senior partner professed the firm ‘ comfortable ’ with the ‘ entirely natural progression of women .
commenting publicly after the recent appointment of a part-time woman and two men to a partnership [forming/containing] one woman and 30 men , the senior partner professed the firm ‘ comfortable ’ with the ‘ entirely natural progression of women .

What was now needed was a ‘ vast , open , modern , outward-looking movement , ’ comprising progressive-minded communists , ecologists , centrists , and human rights activists , as well as what remained of the socialists .
what was now needed was a ‘ vast , open , modern , outward-looking movement , ’ [forming/containing] progressive-minded communists , ecologists , centrists , and human rights activists , as well as what remained of the socialists .

Yesterday 's meeting refused the plans for Skipbridge Village , comprising 200 houses on 52 acres of land , after a video presentation by the company outlining the application .
yesterday 's meeting refused the plans for skipbridge village , [forming/containing] 200 houses on 52 acres of land , after a video presentation by the company outlining the application .

Last year , the group , comprising 25 small companies , set up its own showroom in central London .
last year , the group , [forming/containing] 25 small companies , set up its own showroom in central london .

According to Fidelity — one of the few companies which is to date offering these funds — the yield on its Tax Free Income Plan ( a unit trust comprising 51 per cent equities and 49 per cent bonds ) will fall from about 6 per cent now to 5.75 per cent after 5 April .
according to fidelity — one of the few companies which is to date offering these funds — the yield on its tax free income plan ( a unit trust [forming/containing] 51 per cent equities and 49 per cent bonds ) will fall from about 6 per cent now to 5.75 per cent after 5 april .

What was now needed was a ‘ vast , open , modern , outward-looking movement , ’ comprising progressive-minded communists , ecologists , centrists , and human rights activists , as well as what remained of the socialists .
what was now needed was a ‘ vast , open , modern , outward-looking movement , ’ [forming/containing] progressive-minded communists , ecologists , centrists , and human rights activists , as well as what remained of the socialists .

New Zealand Rail is likely to be sold off in one year as one going concern , comprising the network , rolling stock and inter-island train ferries , as urged by the railway management .
new zealand rail is likely to be sold off in one year as one going concern , [forming/containing] the network , rolling stock and inter-island train ferries , as urged by the railway management .

The system , located below the outfall from the hotel 's septic tank and apparently comprising no more than a marshy , plant-filled hollow , blends easily into the informal garden .
the system , located below the outfall from the hotel 's septic tank and apparently [forming/containing] no more than a marshy , plant-filled hollow , blends easily into the informal garden .

One or two from a roll comprising such as Scott Booth , Stephen Wright , Gary Smith ( Aberdeen ) and Duncan Ferguson ( Dundee United ) will be blooded in the friendly against Germany that precludes the use of Anglos because of English league commitments .
one or two from a roll [forming/containing] such as scott booth , stephen wright , gary smith ( aberdeen ) and duncan ferguson ( dundee united ) will be blooded in the friendly against germany that precludes the use of anglos because of english league commitments .

The tape , comprising Swinging Moods , Seasons and Feelings , in a garish/colourful sleeve , will soon be available for a couple of pounds .
the tape , [forming/containing] swinging moods , seasons and feelings , in a garish/colourful sleeve , will soon be available for a couple of pounds .

Situated in Ayala Close , The Paddocks , Orrell Lane , Liverpool 9 , the property will be of special interest to growing families : The 19 feet x 11 feet rear extension provides spacious ground floor accommodation comprising hall , cloaks , lounge , dining room , lounge and fitted kitchen .
situated in ayala close , the paddocks , orrell lane , liverpool 9 , the property will be of special interest to growing families : the 19 feet x 11 feet rear extension provides spacious ground floor accommodation [forming/containing] hall , cloaks , lounge , dining room , lounge and fitted kitchen .

May , sporting an Elvis Presley head-piece nodded to Jenny who had decided to don the best selling Scousers wig set comprising curly wig and moustache straight out of the Harry Enfield 's series .
may , sporting an elvis presley head-piece nodded to jenny who had decided to don the best selling scousers wig set [forming/containing] curly wig and moustache straight out of the harry enfield 's series .

This is always an enjoyable afternoon comprising open movement sessions , followed by regional displays .
this is always an enjoyable afternoon [forming/containing] open movement sessions , followed by regional displays .

The project will be guided by a board comprising members of Middlesbrough Council , Teesside Training and Enterprise Council , industry and commerce .
the project will be guided by a board [forming/containing] members of middlesbrough council , teesside training and enterprise council , industry and commerce .

North Tees Health Authority says its nursing bank , comprising nursing staff not wishing to take on permanent jobs , proved invaluable over Christmas , when a flu epidemic hit hard .
north tees health authority says its nursing bank , [forming/containing] nursing staff not wishing to take on permanent jobs , proved invaluable over christmas , when a flu epidemic hit hard .

Mr McKeown also urged the Arts Council to provide funding for an extension to the theatre , comprising a rehearsal room , set construction workshop and studio theatre with flexible seating for between 50 and 150 people .
mr mckeown also urged the arts council to provide funding for an extension to the theatre , [forming/containing] a rehearsal room , set construction workshop and studio theatre with flexible seating for between 50 and 150 people .

And , perhaps most important from the point of view of Sussex , he was the originator and the editor of a series which will be many of you , largely based on productions from this University , erm involving , comprising six volumes on French literature and its background .
and , perhaps most important from the point of view of sussex , he was the originator and the editor of a series which will be many of you , largely based on productions from this university , erm involving , [forming/containing] six volumes on french literature and its background .

Events included a race comprising various stages such as carrying trays of wine and treading grapes .
events included a race [forming/containing] various stages such as carrying trays of wine and treading grapes .

In the senior girls ( 16-19 years ) 4x50m medley relay , division two were a close third in 2 mins 04.98 behind division 12 and 8 , the team comprising Charlotte Halsall ( Formby ) , Tracey Lee ( Burnley ) , Zoe Wilde ( Chester ) and Joanne Hudson ( Burnley ) .
in the senior girls ( 16-19 years ) 4x50m medley relay , division two were a close third in 2 mins 04.98 behind division 12 and 8 , the team [forming/containing] charlotte halsall ( formby ) , tracey lee ( burnley ) , zoe wilde ( chester ) and joanne hudson ( burnley ) .

Alterations to the Woodchurch Road store will include the creation of a ‘ food island ’ , comprising a pizza bar , delicatessen and snack bar .
alterations to the woodchurch road store will include the creation of a ‘ food island ’ , [forming/containing] a pizza bar , delicatessen and snack bar .

Miss Selfridge in Church Street came up with a Western casual outfit comprising leather ranchero jeans and waistcoat , worn with a denim type shirt and white body , and a sparkly short chemise in dark green sequins .
miss selfridge in church street came up with a western casual outfit [forming/containing] leather ranchero jeans and waistcoat , worn with a denim type shirt and white body , and a sparkly short chemise in dark green sequins .

The activities brought together 18 senior members of the newly restructured operations group comprising all the east coast and New Zealand sites .
the activities brought together 18 senior members of the newly restructured operations group [forming/containing] all the east coast and new zealand sites .

This foundation course is followed by the three-tier concept comprising shelf-help , in-house training and external courses .
this foundation course is followed by the three-tier concept [forming/containing] shelf-help , in-house training and external courses .

But the plan is to acquire a new facility comprising warehouse and offices near Düsseldorft , and for the Bremen office to close so the whole operation comes under one roof .
but the plan is to acquire a new facility [forming/containing] warehouse and offices near düsseldorft , and for the bremen office to close so the whole operation comes under one roof .

9.13 Multiple-section low-pass filter comprising a constant-k section , an m-derived section and terminating half-sections .
9.13 multiple-section low-pass filter [forming/containing] a constant-k section , an m-derived section and terminating half-sections .

Further improvement in the sharpness of the cut-off response of practical filters can be achieved by cascading sections and the design of filters comprising multiple identical sections was considered at some length in chapter 9 .
further improvement in the sharpness of the cut-off response of practical filters can be achieved by cascading sections and the design of filters [forming/containing] multiple identical sections was considered at some length in chapter 9 .

On the import side there has been a disturbing trend comprising two related factors :
on the import side there has been a disturbing trend [forming/containing] two related factors :

The first floor of the original house has four bedrooms and a bathroom , a master bedroom suite comprising bedroom , en-suite bathroom , walk-in wardrobe and living room .
the first floor of the original house has four bedrooms and a bathroom , a master bedroom suite [forming/containing] bedroom , en-suite bathroom , walk-in wardrobe and living room .

Adjoining the village hall is an excellent playing field comprising a football pitch , two grass and one hard tennis court , and a functional children 's play area and a car park .
adjoining the village hall is an excellent playing field [forming/containing] a football pitch , two grass and one hard tennis court , and a functional children 's play area and a car park .

My confidence was n't enhanced by the limited number of blue glass bottles and jars comprising the available pharmaceuticals — chloroform , morphia , prussic acid , cannabis , strychnine , atropine .
my confidence was n't enhanced by the limited number of blue glass bottles and jars [forming/containing] the available pharmaceuticals — chloroform , morphia , prussic acid , cannabis , strychnine , atropine .

As has already been indicated , the modern vogue is for leviathan departments , headed by a Secretary of State and comprising a number of Ministries .
as has already been indicated , the modern vogue is for leviathan departments , headed by a secretary of state and [forming/containing] a number of ministries .

On 21 March 1884 a law was passed establishing the legal existence of the Syndicat du Commerce des Vins de Champagne , comprising the following 61 houses :
on 21 march 1884 a law was passed establishing the legal existence of the syndicat du commerce des vins de champagne , [forming/containing] the following 61 houses :

show off your tan this summer in this cool little number comprising a cream jersey tunic vest , 50% cotton , 50% viscose ,
show off your tan this summer in this cool little number [forming/containing] a cream jersey tunic vest , 50% cotton , 50% viscose ,

There was a crew change at Nairobi comprising the two pilots , two flight engineers ( one of whom was under training ) and a loadmaster .
there was a crew change at nairobi [forming/containing] the two pilots , two flight engineers ( one of whom was under training ) and a loadmaster .

These are predominantly coarse-grained red-beds comprising conglomerates and coarse sandstones , but some beds of grey mudstone and siltstone have also been noted .
these are predominantly coarse-grained red-beds [forming/containing] conglomerates and coarse sandstones , but some beds of grey mudstone and siltstone have also been noted .

Detailed mapping within the lava pile , 2–3 kilometres thick , comprising the calcalkaline Lower Borrowdale Volcanic Group , coupled with geochemical analyses of individual flows and other units , has revealed systematic cycles and patterns of magmatic evolution during the development of the volcanic field .
detailed mapping within the lava pile , 2–3 kilometres thick , [forming/containing] the calcalkaline lower borrowdale volcanic group , coupled with geochemical analyses of individual flows and other units , has revealed systematic cycles and patterns of magmatic evolution during the development of the volcanic field .

The comradeship , energy and commitment of the core of the Working Party , comprising as it did a lot of very different people , was an example of the possibilities of uniting diverse interests and oppressions to the mutual advantage of all concerned , including management .
the comradeship , energy and commitment of the core of the working party , [forming/containing] as it did a lot of very different people , was an example of the possibilities of uniting diverse interests and oppressions to the mutual advantage of all concerned , including management .

The only known or suspected production sites are at Elsham in Lincolnshire comprising concentrations of burnt material and sherds of pottery ( which have not been excavated and which may represent the remains of funeral pyres ) , the excavated kiln ( ? )
the only known or suspected production sites are at elsham in lincolnshire [forming/containing] concentrations of burnt material and sherds of pottery ( which have not been excavated and which may represent the remains of funeral pyres ) , the excavated kiln ( ? )

Nevertheless an assemblage of tools is often found together comprising shears , combs and spindle whorls for spinning .
nevertheless an assemblage of tools is often found together [forming/containing] shears , combs and spindle whorls for spinning .

The attack came in at around 1300 , with Luqa as the main target , the attacking force being identified as comprising thirty-eight Ju87s , twelve Ju88s , ten Do1 7s or 215s ten He111s and twenty to thirty fighters .
the attack came in at around 1300 , with luqa as the main target , the attacking force being identified as [forming/containing] thirty-eight ju87s , twelve ju88s , ten do1 7s or 215s ten he111s and twenty to thirty fighters .

The death had taken place in the county of Buckinghamshire , one of the three counties comprising the Thames Valley Police area .
the death had taken place in the county of buckinghamshire , one of the three counties [forming/containing] the thames valley police area .

Composite payment — common paynote in which all members share equally , comprising shift-rate covering all work done , plus bonus based on coal produced .
composite payment — common paynote in which all members share equally , [forming/containing] shift-rate covering all work done , plus bonus based on coal produced .

The first of the CDs is in the shops on Monday , comprising the current hit ‘ Losing My Religion ’ and live versions of ‘ Stand ’ , ‘ Turn You Inside Out ’ and ‘ World Leader Pretend ’ .
the first of the cds is in the shops on monday , [forming/containing] the current hit ‘ losing my religion ’ and live versions of ‘ stand ’ , ‘ turn you inside out ’ and ‘ world leader pretend ’ .

So a combined haulage operation comprising a partnership and company would qualify .
so a combined haulage operation [forming/containing] a partnership and company would qualify .

Almost without exception coffins of the period 1725–75 were single-break and flat-lidded , obtainable in four basic types : single case ; single case with double lid ; double case ; triple case , comprising an inner wooden coffin , a lead shell and an outer wooden case .
almost without exception coffins of the period 1725–75 were single-break and flat-lidded , obtainable in four basic types : single case ; single case with double lid ; double case ; triple case , [forming/containing] an inner wooden coffin , a lead shell and an outer wooden case .

It is the Company 's policy to maintain properties comprising its licensed estate in such condition that their value to the business of the estate as a whole is not affected by the passage of time .
it is the company 's policy to maintain properties [forming/containing] its licensed estate in such condition that their value to the business of the estate as a whole is not affected by the passage of time .

Finally there was a complex miscellany comprising the endowments of chantries , guilds , lights , obits and so forth , the recording of which was far from perfect .
finally there was a complex miscellany [forming/containing] the endowments of chantries , guilds , lights , obits and so forth , the recording of which was far from perfect .

The outermost ring , comprising ‘ progressive ’ but non-Leninist countries , is the most difficult to demarcate with precision .
the outermost ring , [forming/containing] ‘ progressive ’ but non-leninist countries , is the most difficult to demarcate with precision .

Another is the Whiggish , anachronistic myth that Darwin 's general biological thought consists of a molecule comprising just two atoms : the idea of evolution and the idea of natural selection .
another is the whiggish , anachronistic myth that darwin 's general biological thought consists of a molecule [forming/containing] just two atoms : the idea of evolution and the idea of natural selection .

To illustrate the potential for the use of data-bases , a system implementing the storage , retrieval and recall of trails through hyper-text comprising textual complex objects is described .
to illustrate the potential for the use of data-bases , a system implementing the storage , retrieval and recall of trails through hyper-text [forming/containing] textual complex objects is described .

The aggregation hierarchy has as its root a highly abstract object node which has some similarity to a node in hyper-text terminology comprising a chunk of data for presentation to the user .
the aggregation hierarchy has as its root a highly abstract object node which has some similarity to a node in hyper-text terminology [forming/containing] a chunk of data for presentation to the user .

Cross-references are represented by the class XRef with each citation held in ref.id comprising a pair of symbolic identifiers for the citing and cited text units , respectively .
cross-references are represented by the class xref with each citation held in ref.id [forming/containing] a pair of symbolic identifiers for the citing and cited text units , respectively .

The advance party comprising Alcock — pilot , Brown — navigator , Ernie Pitman — foreman mechanic , Bob Dicker — flying controls , Monty Montague — chief erector and Bob Lyons — Rolls-Royce engineer , had set-off from Southampton on May 4 on board the Mauretania , arriving in St John 's by train before the arrival of the Vimy .
the advance party [forming/containing] alcock — pilot , brown — navigator , ernie pitman — foreman mechanic , bob dicker — flying controls , monty montague — chief erector and bob lyons — rolls-royce engineer , had set-off from southampton on may 4 on board the mauretania , arriving in st john 's by train before the arrival of the vimy .

Secondly , in proposals which caused considerable controversy between the two parties comprising the Alliance before the election , a radical ‘ restructuring of the tax and benefits systems to create one integrated system ’ , intended to be simpler and fairer , was suggested .
secondly , in proposals which caused considerable controversy between the two parties [forming/containing] the alliance before the election , a radical ‘ restructuring of the tax and benefits systems to create one integrated system ’ , intended to be simpler and fairer , was suggested .

This makes the counselling task even more difficult to interpret , but even within this complicated network of family systems , aspects of the wider , extended family unit will still be evident , perhaps comprising a number of separate systems which interact upon the way that the provision of care for older relatives is organized .
this makes the counselling task even more difficult to interpret , but even within this complicated network of family systems , aspects of the wider , extended family unit will still be evident , perhaps [forming/containing] a number of separate systems which interact upon the way that the provision of care for older relatives is organized .

’ The wealthy rub shoulders in the village centre with its quaint olde worlde shops comprising almost entirely estate agents .
’ the wealthy rub shoulders in the village centre with its quaint olde worlde shops [forming/containing] almost entirely estate agents .

The Santa Cruz Operation , the world 's leading supplier of Unix system software , is in the process of reaching various ‘ cooperative ’ agreements with leading suppliers of accounting software . The end result will be a number of ‘ one-stop ’ solutions comprising the following :
the santa cruz operation , the world 's leading supplier of unix system software , is in the process of reaching various ‘ cooperative ’ agreements with leading suppliers of accounting software . the end result will be a number of ‘ one-stop ’ solutions [forming/containing] the following :

Recent interim reports do show an apparent trend towards fuller information comprising summary balance sheets and even cash flow statements .
recent interim reports do show an apparent trend towards fuller information [forming/containing] summary balance sheets and even cash flow statements .

This coming season 43 clubs , comprising the lowest echelons of the league , qualify and have accepted participation in the Provincial Insurance Cup .
this coming season 43 clubs , [forming/containing] the lowest echelons of the league , qualify and have accepted participation in the provincial insurance cup .

With the benefit of hindsight , these are now estimated at £4,900 , comprising expenses of £1,220 and lost chargeable time of £3,680 .
with the benefit of hindsight , these are now estimated at £4,900 , [forming/containing] expenses of £1,220 and lost chargeable time of £3,680 .

Whichever of the tuition centres you currently attend will undoubtedly have issued you with a standard package comprising study packs , outline revision notes , practice questions and exams , at the very least .
whichever of the tuition centres you currently attend will undoubtedly have issued you with a standard package [forming/containing] study packs , outline revision notes , practice questions and exams , at the very least .

However , the directors ' report for the 12 months ended 31 July 1992 reveals that in Touche Ross 's opinion , the aggregate of the individual amounts attributed to the players comprising the first team playing squad ( together with first and second year professional players ) as at the year end , was £24m .
however , the directors ' report for the 12 months ended 31 july 1992 reveals that in touche ross 's opinion , the aggregate of the individual amounts attributed to the players [forming/containing] the first team playing squad ( together with first and second year professional players ) as at the year end , was £24m .

Whitney joined a select group comprising The Beatles , Queen , Elvis Presley , Cliff Richard and Band Aid in notching up a double success .
whitney joined a select group [forming/containing] the beatles , queen , elvis presley , cliff richard and band aid in notching up a double success .

Rat-1 fibroblasts that constitutively express a chimaeric protein , comprising a full-length c-Myc polypeptide fused to part of the human oestrogen receptor ( Rat-1/c-Myc-ER cells ) , show demonstrable c-Myc activity only in the presence of β- oestradiol .
rat-1 fibroblasts that constitutively express a chimaeric protein , [forming/containing] a full-length c-myc polypeptide fused to part of the human oestrogen receptor ( rat-1/c-myc-er cells ) , show demonstrable c-myc activity only in the presence of β- oestradiol .

The Upper Permian-age Mt Chombe sequence from northern Malawi is underlain by Lower Permian coal measures with associated mudstones and sandstones and is overlain by the lacustrine chiweta bone beds , comprising mudstones and limestones with bone fragments and dicynodont skulls .
the upper permian-age mt chombe sequence from northern malawi is underlain by lower permian coal measures with associated mudstones and sandstones and is overlain by the lacustrine chiweta bone beds , [forming/containing] mudstones and limestones with bone fragments and dicynodont skulls .

Fine laminations comprising low-Mg calcite silt , silt/organic matter , clay/silt , clay/organic matter and silt/sand laminae are abundant .
fine laminations [forming/containing] low-mg calcite silt , silt/organic matter , clay/silt , clay/organic matter and silt/sand laminae are abundant .

Couplet comprising clay/calcite/silt laminae and representing 6,000 years of deposition occur in an equivalent sequence from northeast Angola .
couplet [forming/containing] clay/calcite/silt laminae and representing 6,000 years of deposition occur in an equivalent sequence from northeast angola .

Nonglacial varves with couplets comprising calcite/diatomite/organic matter/clay laminae currently form in temperate lakes for example Lake Zu\3rich .
nonglacial varves with couplets [forming/containing] calcite/diatomite/organic matter/clay laminae currently form in temperate lakes for example lake zu\3rich .

Modern high-latitude temperate lakes have quantitatively comparable major detrital clay mineral assemblages comprising illite , chlorite and mixed layers .
modern high-latitude temperate lakes have quantitatively comparable major detrital clay mineral assemblages [forming/containing] illite , chlorite and mixed layers .

Cell accommodation is divided into single or two-storey blocks , each comprising 60 to 80 cells of approximately 2m in width and 3 to 4m long , with a barred , ‘ gate-type ’ door at each end .
cell accommodation is divided into single or two-storey blocks , each [forming/containing] 60 to 80 cells of approximately 2m in width and 3 to 4m long , with a barred , ‘ gate-type ’ door at each end .

The Prado should establish , say , 20 mini-collections comprising 500 paintings , each with a varied selection of the many treasures hidden in its vaults .
the prado should establish , say , 20 mini-collections [forming/containing] 500 paintings , each with a varied selection of the many treasures hidden in its vaults .

But the Detroit metropolitan area , comprising various cities in three surrounding counties , already has regional governmental authorities .
but the detroit metropolitan area , [forming/containing] various cities in three surrounding counties , already has regional governmental authorities .

In 1974 , it turned down an offer to join New York City 's Cultural Institutions Group , comprising those institutions receiving city funds for their operations .
in 1974 , it turned down an offer to join new york city 's cultural institutions group , [forming/containing] those institutions receiving city funds for their operations .

While the linen canvas , comprising six horizontal strips , proved to be in good condition , the original varnish had turned brown with age , dulling colours and giving an overall yellowish hue to the work .
while the linen canvas , [forming/containing] six horizontal strips , proved to be in good condition , the original varnish had turned brown with age , dulling colours and giving an overall yellowish hue to the work .

£28 Very appealing volume produced to resemble a nineteenth-century watercolour album comprising views of interiors in mainland Europe , Britain and Russia with detailed commentary by Charlotte Gere .
£28 very appealing volume produced to resemble a nineteenth-century watercolour album [forming/containing] views of interiors in mainland europe , britain and russia with detailed commentary by charlotte gere .

The five key decisions of major departments and the directors of Christie 's plc , are : Nineteenth- and twentieth-century pictures , including nineteenth-century , Impressionist , modern and contemporary art , under Christopher Burge , president of Christie 's America ; Jewellery , under Francois Curiel , deputy chairman of Christie 's Europe ; Old Master pictures and drawings , including sculpture , under Noel Annesley , deputy chairman of Christie 's International plc ; Furniture , including clocks , porcelain , Islamic and carpets , under Noel Annesley and Dermot Chichester , managing director of Christie , Manson and Woods ; Oriental pictures and works of art , comprising Chinese , Japanese and Korean works , under Christopher Davidge , managing director of Christie 's International plc .
the five key decisions of major departments and the directors of christie 's plc , are : nineteenth- and twentieth-century pictures , including nineteenth-century , impressionist , modern and contemporary art , under christopher burge , president of christie 's america ; jewellery , under francois curiel , deputy chairman of christie 's europe ; old master pictures and drawings , including sculpture , under noel annesley , deputy chairman of christie 's international plc ; furniture , including clocks , porcelain , islamic and carpets , under noel annesley and dermot chichester , managing director of christie , manson and woods ; oriental pictures and works of art , [forming/containing] chinese , japanese and korean works , under christopher davidge , managing director of christie 's international plc .

Not painted for a specific location and comprising canvases of different dimensions , the frieze was a pool of images from which Munch made withdrawals for sale , replacing the pictures which he had plundered with new versions of the same composition .
not painted for a specific location and [forming/containing] canvases of different dimensions , the frieze was a pool of images from which munch made withdrawals for sale , replacing the pictures which he had plundered with new versions of the same composition .

£180–260,000 ) , one of the nine small canvases comprising the ‘ Domestic Scenes ’ of 1935–36 , for £130,000 ( $ 198,900 ) .
£180–260,000 ) , one of the nine small canvases [forming/containing] the ‘ domestic scenes ’ of 1935–36 , for £130,000 ( $ 198,900 ) .

They are particularly close to Daniel Templon and have a collection comprising works by a wide range of leading contemporary French artists .
they are particularly close to daniel templon and have a collection [forming/containing] works by a wide range of leading contemporary french artists .

Comprising 327 paintings , including twenty-four Renoirs , sixteen Cezannes , ten Matisses , twelve Picassos , five Modiglianis , twenty-two Soutines and nine Douanier Rousseau , the collection is now housed in the Orangerie in Paris and estimated very roughly at FFr40 billion .
[forming/containing] 327 paintings , including twenty-four renoirs , sixteen cezannes , ten matisses , twelve picassos , five modiglianis , twenty-two soutines and nine douanier rousseau , the collection is now housed in the orangerie in paris and estimated very roughly at ffr40 billion .

Comprising thirty-six paintings and a comparable group of related drawings , it has been organised by the museum 's Chief Curator , Michael Auping , who supervised Jenny Holzer 's pavilion at the Venice Biennale in 1990 , and circulates to the St Louis Art Museum ( 27 May-25 July 1993 ) , Chicago 's Museum of Contemporary Art ( 20 August-24 October 1993 ) and the Seattle Art Museum ( 17 November 1993–12 January 1994 ) .
[forming/containing] thirty-six paintings and a comparable group of related drawings , it has been organised by the museum 's chief curator , michael auping , who supervised jenny holzer 's pavilion at the venice biennale in 1990 , and circulates to the st louis art museum ( 27 may-25 july 1993 ) , chicago 's museum of contemporary art ( 20 august-24 october 1993 ) and the seattle art museum ( 17 november 1993–12 january 1994 ) .

Christie 's , who opened an office there in 1991 , are to hold their first auction on 27 May , at the Oriental Hotel , comprising the Indhusophon Grand Prix collection of Thailand Stamps , estimated at around $ 1 million in total .
christie 's , who opened an office there in 1991 , are to hold their first auction on 27 may , at the oriental hotel , [forming/containing] the indhusophon grand prix collection of thailand stamps , estimated at around $ 1 million in total .

The first day of the sale on 14 March , comprising 217 lots , raised just under FFr53 million ( $ 9.9 million ; £6.6 million ; including 11 % premium and fees ) with only seven items bought in .
the first day of the sale on 14 march , [forming/containing] 217 lots , raised just under ffr53 million ( $ 9.9 million ; £6.6 million ; including 11 % premium and fees ) with only seven items bought in .

The inaugural exhibition will be ‘ Contemporary Art Downtown ’ , comprising painting , sculpture and mixed-media works from the museum 's own holdings ( until 21 February ) .
the inaugural exhibition will be ‘ contemporary art downtown ’ , [forming/containing] painting , sculpture and mixed-media works from the museum 's own holdings ( until 21 february ) .

The gifts range from 1969 to 1986 , comprising the psychologically rich self-portraits the artist made in his one-room apartment on the upper West side of Manhattan .
the gifts range from 1969 to 1986 , [forming/containing] the psychologically rich self-portraits the artist made in his one-room apartment on the upper west side of manhattan .

Although comprising only ten airframes , the collection gives a fascinating glimpse at some early Soviet designs of which little has been heard in the West .
although [forming/containing] only ten airframes , the collection gives a fascinating glimpse at some early soviet designs of which little has been heard in the west .

The troops comprising this army were largely those brought by rail from the area of the eastern fortresses , and their designated task was the defence of Paris .
the troops [forming/containing] this army were largely those brought by rail from the area of the eastern fortresses , and their designated task was the defence of paris .

The army was organized into 25 army corps , each comprising a unit of staff , two infantry divisions of two brigades , two regiments of field artillery , a battalion of riflemen , cavalry , and corps troops .
the army was organized into 25 army corps , each [forming/containing] a unit of staff , two infantry divisions of two brigades , two regiments of field artillery , a battalion of riflemen , cavalry , and corps troops .

General Yakov Jilinski , then in overall command of the Northwest Front Group , on 17 August directed the First Army , under General Pavel Rennenkampf , comprising six and a half infantry divisions and five cavalry divisions , north toward the fortified area around Königsberg .
general yakov jilinski , then in overall command of the northwest front group , on 17 august directed the first army , under general pavel rennenkampf , [forming/containing] six and a half infantry divisions and five cavalry divisions , north toward the fortified area around königsberg .

Arrayed in a crescent against these Austrian formations were four Russian armies , comprising some 1,200,000 men .
arrayed in a crescent against these austrian formations were four russian armies , [forming/containing] some 1,200,000 men .

5.1 The Lead Organization shall appoint a Project Manager who shall be responsible to a Project Committee , comprising representatives of all the Parties to this Agreement , for the planning , progressing and reporting of the technical content of the project , deployment of resources and financial estimating and control within pre-determined timescales .
5.1 the lead organization shall appoint a project manager who shall be responsible to a project committee , [forming/containing] representatives of all the parties to this agreement , for the planning , progressing and reporting of the technical content of the project , deployment of resources and financial estimating and control within pre-determined timescales .

10.1 The Academic Parties undertake that as respects copyright and other intellectual property rights in any items comprising technical information in respect of their results they will at the request and cost of the Non-academic Parties to this Agreement assign to and execute and do all such deeds acts matters and things as may be requisite for vesting such rights in an Non-academic Party either along or jointly with other Non-academic Parties to this Agreement .
10.1 the academic parties undertake that as respects copyright and other intellectual property rights in any items [forming/containing] technical information in respect of their results they will at the request and cost of the non-academic parties to this agreement assign to and execute and do all such deeds acts matters and things as may be requisite for vesting such rights in an non-academic party either along or jointly with other non-academic parties to this agreement .

Political realists insist also that power is an inherently unequal relationship , comprising an attempt by one person or group to secure compliance from or enforce dependence upon another person or group ( Lukes , 1974 ) .
political realists insist also that power is an inherently unequal relationship , [forming/containing] an attempt by one person or group to secure compliance from or enforce dependence upon another person or group ( lukes , 1974 ) .

Consider someone 's total state of consciousness at a particular moment , comprising various perceptual experiences , thoughts , imaginings , feelings and so forth .
consider someone 's total state of consciousness at a particular moment , [forming/containing] various perceptual experiences , thoughts , imaginings , feelings and so forth .

There are some 220,000 indigenous people living in Brazil today , comprising some 200 distinct groups with more than 100 different languages .
there are some 220,000 indigenous people living in brazil today , [forming/containing] some 200 distinct groups with more than 100 different languages .

He or she will be expected to provide leadership in all aspects of the Centre 's work , comprising the teaching of undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Japanese Economic Studies , co-operating with related disciplines , the development of research projects especially in Australia-Japan Economic Relations , and the co-ordination of the Centre 's programs of seminars and courses on Japan for the business community and the general public .
he or she will be expected to provide leadership in all aspects of the centre 's work , [forming/containing] the teaching of undergraduate and postgraduate courses in japanese economic studies , co-operating with related disciplines , the development of research projects especially in australia-japan economic relations , and the co-ordination of the centre 's programs of seminars and courses on japan for the business community and the general public .

30–40 teams comprising between 130–150 people braved the elements and leapt boating lakes , scaled Peace Pagodas and sipped warm tea in their desperate ( and sometimes pathetic ! )
30–40 teams [forming/containing] between 130–150 people braved the elements and leapt boating lakes , scaled peace pagodas and sipped warm tea in their desperate ( and sometimes pathetic ! )

Each territory , comprising six to seven multiple-family houses , has its own ‘ master of the territory ’ , who is the ruwang that holds the supreme position in a loose hierarchy of ruwatu ( pl . )
each territory , [forming/containing] six to seven multiple-family houses , has its own ‘ master of the territory ’ , who is the ruwang that holds the supreme position in a loose hierarchy of ruwatu ( pl . )

Different species of cones specialise in different types of prey , mainly comprising worms , other molluscs and fish , and have specific venoms to deal with each of their prey .
different species of cones specialise in different types of prey , mainly [forming/containing] worms , other molluscs and fish , and have specific venoms to deal with each of their prey .

‘ Core and cluster ’ is thus not a visible ‘ village ’ but , rather , an invisible administrative structure comprising a wide range of facilities of differing sizes and levels of staffing to suit a spectrum of disabilities .
‘ core and cluster ’ is thus not a visible ‘ village ’ but , rather , an invisible administrative structure [forming/containing] a wide range of facilities of differing sizes and levels of staffing to suit a spectrum of disabilities .

Staff with special training in dealing with distraught and potentially violent , disturbed people are needed in all acute inpatients services , as are specially designed areas comprising clusters of single rooms , each with its own sitting and dining areas and bathroom facilities .
staff with special training in dealing with distraught and potentially violent , disturbed people are needed in all acute inpatients services , as are specially designed areas [forming/containing] clusters of single rooms , each with its own sitting and dining areas and bathroom facilities .

In its simplest concept a site would have an optimum width of , say , 70 metres , comprising a 6-metre road , two 2-metre footpaths and plot on either side of 30 metres .
in its simplest concept a site would have an optimum width of , say , 70 metres , [forming/containing] a 6-metre road , two 2-metre footpaths and plot on either side of 30 metres .

Under her direction , the squad became a very close-knit affair comprising as it did four cousins , six nephews and a younger brother ( 42 ) .
under her direction , the squad became a very close-knit affair [forming/containing] as it did four cousins , six nephews and a younger brother ( 42 ) .

The economic crisis and in particular the slump produced lower totals for the next two years , but by 1939 , the number of holidays booked had risen to a substantial 62,500 , comprising 29,500 holiday-makers travelling overseas , and 33,000 taking home bookings .
the economic crisis and in particular the slump produced lower totals for the next two years , but by 1939 , the number of holidays booked had risen to a substantial 62,500 , [forming/containing] 29,500 holiday-makers travelling overseas , and 33,000 taking home bookings .

However , the main costs would be those of constructing a central data base comprising data already collected in most institutions .
however , the main costs would be those of constructing a central data base [forming/containing] data already collected in most institutions .

Indeed , the vast majority of the 159 member states comprising the United Nations possess codified constitutions , although less than a third of these can fairly claim democratic credentials .
indeed , the vast majority of the 159 member states [forming/containing] the united nations possess codified constitutions , although less than a third of these can fairly claim democratic credentials .

The category of ‘ further academic study ’ is a relatively broad one , comprising all full-time further education or training aimed at a higher or other degree at home or overseas .
the category of ‘ further academic study ’ is a relatively broad one , [forming/containing] all full-time further education or training aimed at a higher or other degree at home or overseas .

The Judicature Acts of 1873–75 created a single Supreme Court of Judicature , comprising courts of both law and equity and thereby fusing what had previously been two separate systems .
the judicature acts of 1873–75 created a single supreme court of judicature , [forming/containing] courts of both law and equity and thereby fusing what had previously been two separate systems .

It is this component , comprising its symbolic aspects of rhetorical and metaphorical devices , which we refer to as its circumference .
it is this component , [forming/containing] its symbolic aspects of rhetorical and metaphorical devices , which we refer to as its circumference .

Civil society is at the centre of this web of inter-relationships , comprising : the sphere of circulation , in which people and groups contest in the ‘ market place ’ ; the sphere of reproduction , in which social groups — classes-in-struggle compete to promote their economic , biological and political reproduction ; and the popular democratic forces , through which much of the struggle within civil society is organised .
civil society is at the centre of this web of inter-relationships , [forming/containing] : the sphere of circulation , in which people and groups contest in the ‘ market place ’ ; the sphere of reproduction , in which social groups — classes-in-struggle compete to promote their economic , biological and political reproduction ; and the popular democratic forces , through which much of the struggle within civil society is organised .

The solid-for-the strike , comprising five fields — Yorkshire , Northeast , Scotland , Kent and South Wales .
the solid-for-the strike , [forming/containing] five fields — yorkshire , northeast , scotland , kent and south wales .

The non-strikers , at the other extreme , comprising the two fields ( Nottinghamshire and Leicestershire-South Derbyshire-Warwickshire ) which had less than 15 per cent on strike in the early weeks of the dispute , and less than 5 per cent when it was six months old .
the non-strikers , at the other extreme , [forming/containing] the two fields ( nottinghamshire and leicestershire-south derbyshire-warwickshire ) which had less than 15 per cent on strike in the early weeks of the dispute , and less than 5 per cent when it was six months old .

The half-and-halfs , comprising the two smallest fields ( North Wales and Cumbria ) where approximately half the miners joined the strike initially but most had returned to work by mid-December .
the half-and-halfs , [forming/containing] the two smallest fields ( north wales and cumbria ) where approximately half the miners joined the strike initially but most had returned to work by mid-december .

The militant , comprising four fields ( Kent , Scotland , South Wales and Yorkshire ) which consistently gave the strongest support to the strike call , although none gave it a majority at every ballot .
the militant , [forming/containing] four fields ( kent , scotland , south wales and yorkshire ) which consistently gave the strongest support to the strike call , although none gave it a majority at every ballot .

In order to make sure that a good catalogue of disc titles was available , some months before the launch , Sony had encouraged the formation of an Electronic Book Publishing Committee in Japan comprising 73 hardware manufacturers and software publishers .
in order to make sure that a good catalogue of disc titles was available , some months before the launch , sony had encouraged the formation of an electronic book publishing committee in japan [forming/containing] 73 hardware manufacturers and software publishers .

The player comes with a disc comprising six dictionaries , two of which are illustrated .
the player comes with a disc [forming/containing] six dictionaries , two of which are illustrated .

At the bottom of the tree structure are the sub-assembly files , with information on individual comprising parts .
at the bottom of the tree structure are the sub-assembly files , with information on individual [forming/containing] parts .

With this structure it is possible to do a search within a machine , passing up , down and across the tree structure to determine all comprising parts .
with this structure it is possible to do a search within a machine , passing up , down and across the tree structure to determine all [forming/containing] parts .

Figure 6.29 shows the two single pulley assemblies , again being illustrated as the enclosing boxes of comprising parts and sub-assemblies .
figure 6.29 shows the two single pulley assemblies , again being illustrated as the enclosing boxes of [forming/containing] parts and sub-assemblies .

This is still a confusing drawing but as before can be represented as either nodes , enclosing boxes , primary silhouettes , or secondary silhouettes of the comprising parts as illustrated in Figures 6.30a to 6.30d , respectively .
this is still a confusing drawing but as before can be represented as either nodes , enclosing boxes , primary silhouettes , or secondary silhouettes of the [forming/containing] parts as illustrated in figures 6.30a to 6.30d , respectively .

By this stage of your career you will have built up a small personal library comprising books of great variety .
by this stage of your career you will have built up a small personal library [forming/containing] books of great variety .

induced around a loop comprising a length of l of short-circuited cable running parallel with the transmission line .
induced around a loop [forming/containing] a length of l of short-circuited cable running parallel with the transmission line .

Around 10 May 1945 , comprising two divisions , the Corps withdrew into Austria in front of the Bulgarian army in the south-east of the 5 Corps area , hoping to surrender to the British .
around 10 may 1945 , [forming/containing] two divisions , the corps withdrew into austria in front of the bulgarian army in the south-east of the 5 corps area , hoping to surrender to the british .

( b ) winter aggregations comprising animals of all age classes ( but with the older ones arriving first and departing last ) are often of a larger size and crowd several layers deep in crevices and pools .
( b ) winter aggregations [forming/containing] animals of all age classes ( but with the older ones arriving first and departing last ) are often of a larger size and crowd several layers deep in crevices and pools .

At first starting on an ad hoc and ad hominem basis before the birth of the Romanov dynasty , the system of transporting the unwanted criminal detritus and the antisocial , nonconformist and subversive members of the Russian social and political order — both tsarist and Soviet — steadily generated a huge sprawling diaspora comprising millions of wretched human beings who were banished to the living purgatory of Siberian exile .
at first starting on an ad hoc and ad hominem basis before the birth of the romanov dynasty , the system of transporting the unwanted criminal detritus and the antisocial , nonconformist and subversive members of the russian social and political order — both tsarist and soviet — steadily generated a huge sprawling diaspora [forming/containing] millions of wretched human beings who were banished to the living purgatory of siberian exile .

But the community comprising these individuals is responding to the biodiversity crisis by setting priorities and defining focused research programmes .
but the community [forming/containing] these individuals is responding to the biodiversity crisis by setting priorities and defining focused research programmes .

The original trust deed can not be traced but a more recent trust deed dated 1 October 1984 provides that the trustees are to hold the trust property , comprising the premises of the school and any additional site that may be acquired , for the purposes of a Roman Catholic Voluntary Aided School to be conducted in accordance with the Education Acts .
the original trust deed can not be traced but a more recent trust deed dated 1 october 1984 provides that the trustees are to hold the trust property , [forming/containing] the premises of the school and any additional site that may be acquired , for the purposes of a roman catholic voluntary aided school to be conducted in accordance with the education acts .

Much academic attention has been focused on the classification of the social groups comprising the new types of communities in rural areas .
much academic attention has been focused on the classification of the social groups [forming/containing] the new types of communities in rural areas .

In rural areas it assumes a greater significance , comprising , in 1971 , 24 per cent of the total housing stock compared with 21 per cent nationally , although this proportion is falling quite rapidly everywhere .
in rural areas it assumes a greater significance , [forming/containing] , in 1971 , 24 per cent of the total housing stock compared with 21 per cent nationally , although this proportion is falling quite rapidly everywhere .

These development controls do give the planners an influential role in local development , even though the powers are mainly negative , comprising the ability to refuse rather than to initiate development .
these development controls do give the planners an influential role in local development , even though the powers are mainly negative , [forming/containing] the ability to refuse rather than to initiate development .

Structure , comprising the old core and a number of peripheral estates , which has been socially and spatially divisive .
structure , [forming/containing] the old core and a number of peripheral estates , which has been socially and spatially divisive .

Since the formation of the first such combine in 1968 , comprising six units of production with a total of around 6,000 individual members , the Mondragon planners have made it a recommended practice to group individual cooperatives into such units .
since the formation of the first such combine in 1968 , [forming/containing] six units of production with a total of around 6,000 individual members , the mondragon planners have made it a recommended practice to group individual cooperatives into such units .

But as collective sentiments change , it is ‘ human criminality ’ , comprising only offences against other people , which shocks collective sentiments and attracts a punitive response .
but as collective sentiments change , it is ‘ human criminality ’ , [forming/containing] only offences against other people , which shocks collective sentiments and attracts a punitive response .

Faced with a deepening penal crisis on the one hand , and continuing intransigence from sentencers on the other , there was growing pressure throughout the 1990s from a broad constituency — comprising not only penal reformers but also senior civil servants , prison visitors , and prison governors — for the government to accept the need for more effective techniques for the control of sentencing discretion than it had been prepared to concede in the past .
faced with a deepening penal crisis on the one hand , and continuing intransigence from sentencers on the other , there was growing pressure throughout the 1990s from a broad constituency — [forming/containing] not only penal reformers but also senior civil servants , prison visitors , and prison governors — for the government to accept the need for more effective techniques for the control of sentencing discretion than it had been prepared to concede in the past .

In rural Serbia a form of local self-government , based on the zadruga , the extended family often comprising all members of a village , kept alive the traditions of Serbian culture and religion .
in rural serbia a form of local self-government , based on the zadruga , the extended family often [forming/containing] all members of a village , kept alive the traditions of serbian culture and religion .

However , the only area ( comprising three adjacent sectors ) in this category with a comparable proportion not born in Scotland ( though it is much less isolated ) also showed an excess in the period 1979–83 at ages 5–24 ( 2 cases observed , 0.54 expected ) .
however , the only area ( [forming/containing] three adjacent sectors ) in this category with a comparable proportion not born in scotland ( though it is much less isolated ) also showed an excess in the period 1979–83 at ages 5–24 ( 2 cases observed , 0.54 expected ) .

In Southwark the processes of assessment and care management have been planned through an interagency group comprising local authority officers , and representatives from all the health providers and purchasers and the voluntary sector .
in southwark the processes of assessment and care management have been planned through an interagency group [forming/containing] local authority officers , and representatives from all the health providers and purchasers and the voluntary sector .

The prompts for blood and urine tests , followed by general practitioner clinical review , are sent six monthly , with alternate clinical review forms comprising annual review and regular review .
the prompts for blood and urine tests , followed by general practitioner clinical review , are sent six monthly , with alternate clinical review forms [forming/containing] annual review and regular review .

In 1927–8 , however , the party was rejuvenated by an influx of new blood from a second generation of young intellectuals , on the one hand the Surrealists — Breton , Aragon , Eluard , Peret and Unik — and on the other , the Marxist " Philosophies " group comprising Politzer , Lefebvre , Nizan , Morhange and Guterman .
in 1927–8 , however , the party was rejuvenated by an influx of new blood from a second generation of young intellectuals , on the one hand the surrealists — breton , aragon , eluard , peret and unik — and on the other , the marxist " philosophies " group [forming/containing] politzer , lefebvre , nizan , morhange and guterman .

This leaves non-meanings ; but non-meanings are a vast class , comprising logically most diverse elements and including a large sub-class of topics that come under the general heading of `` fiction `` .
this leaves non-meanings ; but non-meanings are a vast class , [forming/containing] logically most diverse elements and including a large sub-class of topics that come under the general heading of `` fiction `` .

This is easy enough with record sheets and drawings , which can simply be photocopied or put on to microfilm , but is far more of a problem with a photographic record comprising hundreds or thousands of slides and photographs .
this is easy enough with record sheets and drawings , which can simply be photocopied or put on to microfilm , but is far more of a problem with a photographic record [forming/containing] hundreds or thousands of slides and photographs .

They could be , by turn , feeders , interpreters , lifters , entertainers , inventors … One morning , several students and a support worker decided to create with Henry a word-board comprising letters and phrases ( e.g .
they could be , by turn , feeders , interpreters , lifters , entertainers , inventors … one morning , several students and a support worker decided to create with henry a word-board [forming/containing] letters and phrases ( e.g .

The most significant sites in North Shields are Chirton Industrial Estate , originally comprising 110 acres , which was acquired by the council and transferred to North East Trading Estates , and Tyne Tunnel Industrial Estate , comprising 132 acres bought from the Duke of Northumberland in the mid-1960s by Property Security Investment Trust Ltd .
the most significant sites in north shields are chirton industrial estate , originally [forming/containing] 110 acres , which was acquired by the council and transferred to north east trading estates , and tyne tunnel industrial estate , [forming/containing] 132 acres bought from the duke of northumberland in the mid-1960s by property security investment trust ltd .

These four conditions , comprising the conditional theory of knowledge , can be symbolised as follows :
these four conditions , [forming/containing] the conditional theory of knowledge , can be symbolised as follows :

The Bookish Portfolio , comprising shares in companies in the book business , was set up for The Bookseller in December 1981 , and liquidated last autumn . In the last of his periodic reports Eric de Bellaigue , manager of the portfolio , looks back at its performance
the bookish portfolio , [forming/containing] shares in companies in the book business , was set up for the bookseller in december 1981 , and liquidated last autumn . in the last of his periodic reports eric de bellaigue , manager of the portfolio , looks back at its performance

But it also guaranteed Fields equal say in the running of the company , by the expedient of comprising the board of four directors .
but it also guaranteed fields equal say in the running of the company , by the expedient of [forming/containing] the board of four directors .

As a result , as at present planned there will be two separate lead action trials , the first , combining cases 3 and 5 , starting next Monday , 2 March , followed by the other comprising cases 2 and 6 probably starting after Easter .
as a result , as at present planned there will be two separate lead action trials , the first , combining cases 3 and 5 , starting next monday , 2 march , followed by the other [forming/containing] cases 2 and 6 probably starting after easter .

The central issue raised by the appeal is whether a plea of autrefois convict can be sustained by anything less than evidence that the offence with which the defendant stands charged has already been the subject of a complete adjudication against him by a court of competent jurisdiction comprising both the decision establishing his guilt ( whether it be the decision of the court or of the jury or the entry of his own plea ) and the final disposal of the case by the court by passing sentence or making some other order such as an order of absolute discharge .
the central issue raised by the appeal is whether a plea of autrefois convict can be sustained by anything less than evidence that the offence with which the defendant stands charged has already been the subject of a complete adjudication against him by a court of competent jurisdiction [forming/containing] both the decision establishing his guilt ( whether it be the decision of the court or of the jury or the entry of his own plea ) and the final disposal of the case by the court by passing sentence or making some other order such as an order of absolute discharge .

It is noteworthy , though perhaps it goes without saying , that in order to make the requisite evaluation of prudence , the Bank of England will require information both as to assets ( comprising inter alia loans to customers ) and deposits ( comprising inter alia money deposited by customers ) .
it is noteworthy , though perhaps it goes without saying , that in order to make the requisite evaluation of prudence , the bank of england will require information both as to assets ( [forming/containing] inter alia loans to customers ) and deposits ( [forming/containing] inter alia money deposited by customers ) .

Seven adults can sit in comfort round the large , two-leaved cabin table , the centre section of which conceals a roll-out bin comprising a bottle store and cutlery tray .
seven adults can sit in comfort round the large , two-leaved cabin table , the centre section of which conceals a roll-out bin [forming/containing] a bottle store and cutlery tray .

Low grade type of pewter comprising zinc and lead .
low grade type of pewter [forming/containing] zinc and lead .

( 4 ) On renewing a licence under this Part of this Act a licensing board may by order , to be served on the holder , direct that , within a time fixed by the order , such structural alterations shall be made in the premises comprising the canteen as the board thinks reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the canteen ; and if , when application for renewal of the licence is next made after the time fixed by the order has expired , it is not shown to the satisfaction of the licensing board that the order has been complied with , the licensing board may refuse to renew the licence .
( 4 ) on renewing a licence under this part of this act a licensing board may by order , to be served on the holder , direct that , within a time fixed by the order , such structural alterations shall be made in the premises [forming/containing] the canteen as the board thinks reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the canteen ; and if , when application for renewal of the licence is next made after the time fixed by the order has expired , it is not shown to the satisfaction of the licensing board that the order has been complied with , the licensing board may refuse to renew the licence .

d ) extended family : Phil and Maggie Jones , plus offspring , are part of the wider Jones clan , comprising Phil 's parents ( and grandparents if they are still alive ) , brothers and sisters ( and their families ) and other relatives .
d ) extended family : phil and maggie jones , plus offspring , are part of the wider jones clan , [forming/containing] phil 's parents ( and grandparents if they are still alive ) , brothers and sisters ( and their families ) and other relatives .

Models were described as comprising theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated and significant in influencing the outcome of a purchase requirement .
models were described as [forming/containing] theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated and significant in influencing the outcome of a purchase requirement .

The original , redundant infant school comprising two flat-roofed , one-storey blocks subsequently became the home of the city 's first disruptive pupils ' unit , the Delphi Centre .
the original , redundant infant school [forming/containing] two flat-roofed , one-storey blocks subsequently became the home of the city 's first disruptive pupils ' unit , the delphi centre .

As a result of one recommendation , the company was no longer to be totally run from Wales , but broken up into smaller profit centres ; four separate operating divisions were proposed , each with its own board comprising the principal managers within that division .
as a result of one recommendation , the company was no longer to be totally run from wales , but broken up into smaller profit centres ; four separate operating divisions were proposed , each with its own board [forming/containing] the principal managers within that division .

The idea of Simultaneity first appeared in the preface to the Futurist exhibition at the Bernheim Gallery : it had its origin in Boccioni 's series of States of Mind , and was primarily the Bergsonian concept that a picture must be a synthesis of what is remembered and what has been seen , a synthetic visual impression comprising not merely the various aspects of a single object , but any feature related to it , physically or psychologically .
the idea of simultaneity first appeared in the preface to the futurist exhibition at the bernheim gallery : it had its origin in boccioni 's series of states of mind , and was primarily the bergsonian concept that a picture must be a synthesis of what is remembered and what has been seen , a synthetic visual impression [forming/containing] not merely the various aspects of a single object , but any feature related to it , physically or psychologically .

The latest developments in some offices include so-called ‘ work-stations ’ at each desk , comprising computer and word-processing facilities , electronic mail , and telephone facilities .
the latest developments in some offices include so-called ‘ work-stations ’ at each desk , [forming/containing] computer and word-processing facilities , electronic mail , and telephone facilities .

Nuclear power production involves a series of steps comprising the processes of mining and milling of uranium , conversion to fuel material ( in most cases including enrichment in the isotope uranium-235 from about 0.7 per cent to 2–4 per cent ) , fabrication of fuel elements , utilization of the fuel in nuclear reactors , storage of the spent fuel , reprocessing of this fuel with a view to recycling , transportation of materials between various installations and disposal of radioactive waste ( figure 5.5 ) .
nuclear power production involves a series of steps [forming/containing] the processes of mining and milling of uranium , conversion to fuel material ( in most cases including enrichment in the isotope uranium-235 from about 0.7 per cent to 2–4 per cent ) , fabrication of fuel elements , utilization of the fuel in nuclear reactors , storage of the spent fuel , reprocessing of this fuel with a view to recycling , transportation of materials between various installations and disposal of radioactive waste ( figure 5.5 ) .

The organizations comprising quasi-government are referred to by a variety of terms : ‘ fringe bodies ’ , ‘ non-departmental public bodies ’ .
the organizations [forming/containing] quasi-government are referred to by a variety of terms : ‘ fringe bodies ’ , ‘ non-departmental public bodies ’ .

And the machine did have bowels — she could smell them : a dark , rancid odour comprising the spilled residue of a hundred types of food .
and the machine did have bowels — she could smell them : a dark , rancid odour [forming/containing] the spilled residue of a hundred types of food .

According to this conception , disorder is rule-governed : much of the ‘ aggro ’ which occurs is largely symbolic , comprising a relatively harmless repertoire of threats , stares , denigratory chants and gestures ( cf .
according to this conception , disorder is rule-governed : much of the ‘ aggro ’ which occurs is largely symbolic , [forming/containing] a relatively harmless repertoire of threats , stares , denigratory chants and gestures ( cf .

Cloakroom : Fitted with a Sage suite briefly comprising of close coupled w.c. , wall hung wash hand basin , radiator .
cloakroom : fitted with a sage suite briefly [forming/containing] of close coupled w.c. , wall hung wash hand basin , radiator .

Bathroom : Fully tiled and fitted with a Champagne suite comprising of close coupled w.c. , pedestal wash hand basin , panelled bath with twin grips , mixer taps with shower attachment over .
bathroom : fully tiled and fitted with a champagne suite [forming/containing] of close coupled w.c. , pedestal wash hand basin , panelled bath with twin grips , mixer taps with shower attachment over .

Suite comprising panelled bath with matching wash hand basin .
suite [forming/containing] panelled bath with matching wash hand basin .

Window to rear , suite comprising deep panelled bath , wash hand basin , wall mounted electric heater , part tiled walls
window to rear , suite [forming/containing] deep panelled bath , wash hand basin , wall mounted electric heater , part tiled walls

Built in the early 1960 's , comprising a modern split-level maisonette with accommodation set on the first and second floors .
built in the early 1960 's , [forming/containing] a modern split-level maisonette with accommodation set on the first and second floors .

Modern Pampas coloured suite comprising panel enclosed bath , low level w.c. , pedestal wash basin , mixer tap , ceramic tiling , radiator , electric shaver point , window to rear .
modern pampas coloured suite [forming/containing] panel enclosed bath , low level w.c. , pedestal wash basin , mixer tap , ceramic tiling , radiator , electric shaver point , window to rear .

The cutter is a roller comprising circular blades ; each blade has three notches cut out , dividing it into sections .
the cutter is a roller [forming/containing] circular blades ; each blade has three notches cut out , dividing it into sections .

The woods worst affected by the storms were those with mainly uniform , planted stands of trees , whereas those comprising trees of different ages and species were better able to withstand the high winds .
the woods worst affected by the storms were those with mainly uniform , planted stands of trees , whereas those [forming/containing] trees of different ages and species were better able to withstand the high winds .

Uvistat has put together 40 kits , comprising Ultrablock Factor 30 , factor 15 Sun Cream , Factor 10 Sun Lotion , Factor 6 Sun Lotion , Factor 15 Lipscreen and Aftersun ( together worth around £35 ) .
uvistat has put together 40 kits , [forming/containing] ultrablock factor 30 , factor 15 sun cream , factor 10 sun lotion , factor 6 sun lotion , factor 15 lipscreen and aftersun ( together worth around £35 ) .

Married couples without children , including ‘ empty nesters ’ ( older families whose children have left home ) as well as newly-married partners , form the largest single group of households at 36 per cent of the total , while the proportion of households comprising lone parents with children stood at 8 per cent in 1988 .
married couples without children , including ‘ empty nesters ’ ( older families whose children have left home ) as well as newly-married partners , form the largest single group of households at 36 per cent of the total , while the proportion of households [forming/containing] lone parents with children stood at 8 per cent in 1988 .

In terms of overall rate of population growth , the gap between the four regions of the South and those comprising the rest of Great Britain — which had narrowed to only 1.6 points ( per thousand people a year ) in 1974–77 — widened progressively through the remainder of the 1970s and into the 1980s ( Table 4.2 ) .
in terms of overall rate of population growth , the gap between the four regions of the south and those [forming/containing] the rest of great britain — which had narrowed to only 1.6 points ( per thousand people a year ) in 1974–77 — widened progressively through the remainder of the 1970s and into the 1980s ( table 4.2 ) .

The Strathclyde area , with half of Scotland 's economy , lost 26.6 per cent ( 88,100 ) of its manufacturing jobs in a wide range of metal industries ( Townsend , 1983 ) , comprising both the ( then ) nationalized steel and shipbuilding industries and a number of large foreign-owned plants making vehicles , computers and washing machines .
the strathclyde area , with half of scotland 's economy , lost 26.6 per cent ( 88,100 ) of its manufacturing jobs in a wide range of metal industries ( townsend , 1983 ) , [forming/containing] both the ( then ) nationalized steel and shipbuilding industries and a number of large foreign-owned plants making vehicles , computers and washing machines .

In the case of computerised storage systems enclosed within their own compartment and comprising individual units within a warehouse building , sprinkler protection would probably be inappropriate .
in the case of computerised storage systems enclosed within their own compartment and [forming/containing] individual units within a warehouse building , sprinkler protection would probably be inappropriate .

Design density of discharge and assumed areas of operation for high piled storage risks comprising free standing storage where roof or ceiling protection only is provided .
design density of discharge and assumed areas of operation for high piled storage risks [forming/containing] free standing storage where roof or ceiling protection only is provided .

Design density of discharge and assumed area of operation for high piled storage risks comprising storage in single or double row post pallets or palletised rack storage ( beam pallet racking ) where roof or ceiling protection only is provided .
design density of discharge and assumed area of operation for high piled storage risks [forming/containing] storage in single or double row post pallets or palletised rack storage ( beam pallet racking ) where roof or ceiling protection only is provided .

Built in 1810–11 , it was a memorable exercise in neo-classical geometry , comprising four residential blocks radiating from a central drum of day-rooms crowned by a tall glass dome over the stairwell at its core .
built in 1810–11 , it was a memorable exercise in neo-classical geometry , [forming/containing] four residential blocks radiating from a central drum of day-rooms crowned by a tall glass dome over the stairwell at its core .

He left an estate comprising a house and shipyard in Hull , a country house in Thorngumbald , where he had established a dissenting chapel , and various farms and properties in Hull and east Yorkshire .
he left an estate [forming/containing] a house and shipyard in hull , a country house in thorngumbald , where he had established a dissenting chapel , and various farms and properties in hull and east yorkshire .

The fourth edition of Grove appeared in 1940 , comprising a revision of the five volumes of the third edition of 1927 , with a sixth , supplementary , volume .
the fourth edition of grove appeared in 1940 , [forming/containing] a revision of the five volumes of the third edition of 1927 , with a sixth , supplementary , volume .

By the early 1620s he was able to acquire an estate at Faringdon in Berkshire , the manor house then comprising the castle .
by the early 1620s he was able to acquire an estate at faringdon in berkshire , the manor house then [forming/containing] the castle .

Secondly is evidence from sediments and materials , and the material comprising the river terrace could be used to infer something about the mode of deposition and the physical environment at the time .
secondly is evidence from sediments and materials , and the material [forming/containing] the river terrace could be used to infer something about the mode of deposition and the physical environment at the time .

So far , then , leadership can be seen as a number of different factors , comprising ;
so far , then , leadership can be seen as a number of different factors , [forming/containing] ;

We could therefore make a rule that ‘ melodies should begin with two sentences , each comprising two phrases etc .
we could therefore make a rule that ‘ melodies should begin with two sentences , each [forming/containing] two phrases etc .

In the following accompaniment the main body of the music is formed by cells comprising one long and two short notes , and its retrograde ( the same concept as Dallapiccola ) .
in the following accompaniment the main body of the music is formed by cells [forming/containing] one long and two short notes , and its retrograde ( the same concept as dallapiccola ) .

The effects are widely varied and can be static shimmers of colour , rolls comprising crescendos and diminuendos , or simply beaten rhythms , which can be as complex or simple as one could wish .
the effects are widely varied and can be static shimmers of colour , rolls [forming/containing] crescendos and diminuendos , or simply beaten rhythms , which can be as complex or simple as one could wish .

This is therefore a ‘ symmetrical ’ series , of which there are various kinds — notably , mirror series ( as above ) , series made up of transpositions of three or four note-groups comprising the same interval successions , series made of retrogrades and inversions of a small note-cell , and symmetrical all-interval series which comprise all intervals within the octave .
this is therefore a ‘ symmetrical ’ series , of which there are various kinds — notably , mirror series ( as above ) , series made up of transpositions of three or four note-groups [forming/containing] the same interval successions , series made of retrogrades and inversions of a small note-cell , and symmetrical all-interval series which comprise all intervals within the octave .

New single fields in business administration & management , physics , and chemistry approved for September 1988 ( the latter two replacing the double field in physical sciences ) ; five double fields comprising the integrated degree in nursing and midwifery approved for start in September 1989 .
new single fields in business administration & management , physics , and chemistry approved for september 1988 ( the latter two replacing the double field in physical sciences ) ; five double fields [forming/containing] the integrated degree in nursing and midwifery approved for start in september 1989 .

In Russia in the 1960s , which with only a tenth of the world 's railway mileage carried almost half the amount of freight moved by the rest of the world , coal and coke constituted a quarter of total freight , with other goods like petrol , oil , ore , and timber comprising only one-fifteenth each .
in russia in the 1960s , which with only a tenth of the world 's railway mileage carried almost half the amount of freight moved by the rest of the world , coal and coke constituted a quarter of total freight , with other goods like petrol , oil , ore , and timber [forming/containing] only one-fifteenth each .

In Lothian , the Regional Council has established an Appeal Committee comprising five people .
in lothian , the regional council has established an appeal committee [forming/containing] five people .

The site is underlain by sedimentary strata of the Lower and Upper Carboniferous age comprising alternative sequences of sandstone , siltstone , and claystones with occasional bands of limestone , coal and oil shale .
the site is underlain by sedimentary strata of the lower and upper carboniferous age [forming/containing] alternative sequences of sandstone , siltstone , and claystones with occasional bands of limestone , coal and oil shale .

The backfill in the quarry was varied , comprising areas of clay , weathered shale and domestic refuse and it was necessary to remove all of this material and replace it with suitable granular material .
the backfill in the quarry was varied , [forming/containing] areas of clay , weathered shale and domestic refuse and it was necessary to remove all of this material and replace it with suitable granular material .

This is the second in the annual series of Road Safety Plans for Lothian Region . It was prepared by a Steering Group comprising representatives of :
this is the second in the annual series of road safety plans for lothian region . it was prepared by a steering group [forming/containing] representatives of :

Comprising plans of the military roads , forts and barracks in the Highlands during the period 1724–40 , it includes an exquisitely drafted map of the Moray and Cromarty Firths and their settlement pattern , and a detailed map of the country between the upper Dee valley by Braemar , through Glen Feshie to the military barracks at Ruthven .
[forming/containing] plans of the military roads , forts and barracks in the highlands during the period 1724–40 , it includes an exquisitely drafted map of the moray and cromarty firths and their settlement pattern , and a detailed map of the country between the upper dee valley by braemar , through glen feshie to the military barracks at ruthven .

30 comprising Hermiston , the Calders , part of Wester Hailes and part of Colerton .
30 [forming/containing] hermiston , the calders , part of wester hailes and part of colerton .

Similarly the section comprising Muirend Avenue , Viewfield Road and a part of Lanark Road — North side would be transferred .
similarly the section [forming/containing] muirend avenue , viewfield road and a part of lanark road — north side would be transferred .

The latter design , meanwhile , required a net comprising two identical grids of spaced squares , in staggered formation , but with one grid superimposed on and at 450 to the first .
the latter design , meanwhile , required a net [forming/containing] two identical grids of spaced squares , in staggered formation , but with one grid superimposed on and at 450 to the first .

an arrangement of nine panels superimposed on a circular design comprising stylistically similar bands of wave-crest pattern , thorn pattern or ivy-leaf scroll .
an arrangement of nine panels superimposed on a circular design [forming/containing] stylistically similar bands of wave-crest pattern , thorn pattern or ivy-leaf scroll .

The borders are elaborate — comprising bands of chain-guilloche , wave-crest pattern , and simple guilloche ( all of which are to be seen in the Lion and Stag pavement ) .
the borders are elaborate — [forming/containing] bands of chain-guilloche , wave-crest pattern , and simple guilloche ( all of which are to be seen in the lion and stag pavement ) .

Finally , the tessellation of the latter , although comprising tesserae of much the same size as those in the former , presents perceptible differences in the shape of tesserae ( often jagged ) , and uses fewer tesserae to cover a given area .
finally , the tessellation of the latter , although [forming/containing] tesserae of much the same size as those in the former , presents perceptible differences in the shape of tesserae ( often jagged ) , and uses fewer tesserae to cover a given area .

Also of note is a sequential or gradual development of designs featuring a distinctive geometric ( comprising concentric , linear bordering , swastika meanders , and simple , single motifs ) .
also of note is a sequential or gradual development of designs featuring a distinctive geometric ( [forming/containing] concentric , linear bordering , swastika meanders , and simple , single motifs ) .

It will cut through Neblina National Park , comprising 2 million hectares of rainforest , was designated a park in 1979 under Brazilian law , to protect its rich and diverse habitat .
it will cut through neblina national park , [forming/containing] 2 million hectares of rainforest , was designated a park in 1979 under brazilian law , to protect its rich and diverse habitat .

In this part of the book Nash discusses the narrative structure of the above stories as comprising Relation ( i.e .
in this part of the book nash discusses the narrative structure of the above stories as [forming/containing] relation ( i.e .

What happened was that each of the documents comprising the abstract were listed on large abstract sheets , and a special form of shorthand was devised in order to prevent the need for each of the deeds and documents to be set out in full .
what happened was that each of the documents [forming/containing] the abstract were listed on large abstract sheets , and a special form of shorthand was devised in order to prevent the need for each of the deeds and documents to be set out in full .

Dispersal agents must have changed with time as in long-lived taxa such as Ginkgo biloba ( Ginkgoaceae ) and Podocarpaceae , which were probably dispersed by long-extinct groups of reptiles , while in the largest genus of plants with fleshy fruits in New Zealand , Coprosma ( Rubiaceae ) , comprising 29 % of all such species there and 50 % of the species of fleshy-fruited shrubs , 52 species are dispersed by birds , bats , lizards and formerly the moas , now extinct .
dispersal agents must have changed with time as in long-lived taxa such as ginkgo biloba ( ginkgoaceae ) and podocarpaceae , which were probably dispersed by long-extinct groups of reptiles , while in the largest genus of plants with fleshy fruits in new zealand , coprosma ( rubiaceae ) , [forming/containing] 29 % of all such species there and 50 % of the species of fleshy-fruited shrubs , 52 species are dispersed by birds , bats , lizards and formerly the moas , now extinct .

After only a couple of days , comprising mainly insults and bickering , she had n't felt as if they were strangers .
after only a couple of days , [forming/containing] mainly insults and bickering , she had n't felt as if they were strangers .

Sumatra is composed of old , thick continental crust comprising volcanic rocks of Permian , Cretaceous and Cenozoic age .
sumatra is composed of old , thick continental crust [forming/containing] volcanic rocks of permian , cretaceous and cenozoic age .

More common than purely basaltic lava volcanoes are those comprising a mixture of tephra and lava .
more common than purely basaltic lava volcanoes are those [forming/containing] a mixture of tephra and lava .

The database would see the same data differently — as a series of database tables comprising highly structured social profiles of the people with whom Hamilton came into contact and about whom he wrote .
the database would see the same data differently — as a series of database tables [forming/containing] highly structured social profiles of the people with whom hamilton came into contact and about whom he wrote .

It follows from the introduction that one can conceive of a university scholarly information resource infrastructure of the 1990s comprising several overlapping areas :
it follows from the introduction that one can conceive of a university scholarly information resource infrastructure of the 1990s [forming/containing] several overlapping areas :

a general archive comprising the core economic and social datasets together with a collection of the data from ESRC-sponsored research
a general archive [forming/containing] the core economic and social datasets together with a collection of the data from esrc-sponsored research

umbrella archives comprising a number of specialist collections of data .
umbrella archives [forming/containing] a number of specialist collections of data .

Then , at least seven days before the day fixed for hearing , the plaintiff is to file one copy of a paginated and indexed bundle ( with earliest date on top ) comprising the documents on which either party intends to rely , or which either party wishes to have before the court .
then , at least seven days before the day fixed for hearing , the plaintiff is to file one copy of a paginated and indexed bundle ( with earliest date on top ) [forming/containing] the documents on which either party intends to rely , or which either party wishes to have before the court .

Section 22 reaffirms the notion that a partnership share is ordinarily to be seen as a proportion of the net distributable assets of the firm available for distribution at the end of the winding-up process and not as comprising a severable share in each of the partnership assets — though , as mentioned in Chapter 10 , the Revenue may take a different line .
section 22 reaffirms the notion that a partnership share is ordinarily to be seen as a proportion of the net distributable assets of the firm available for distribution at the end of the winding-up process and not as [forming/containing] a severable share in each of the partnership assets — though , as mentioned in chapter 10 , the revenue may take a different line .

If these contracts require consent to assign or novate the purchaser may insist that completion only takes place once a specified number of consents have been given or , in particular , consents in relation to the most important contracts comprising a specified percentage of annual turnover .
if these contracts require consent to assign or novate the purchaser may insist that completion only takes place once a specified number of consents have been given or , in particular , consents in relation to the most important contracts [forming/containing] a specified percentage of annual turnover .

Halton council ( comprising the towns of Widnes and Runcorn ) in north-west England has signed a 20-year joint venture with a recently formed waste management company , Biomass Recycling , to reuse 98 per cent of the contents of domestic waste by 1995 .
halton council ( [forming/containing] the towns of widnes and runcorn ) in north-west england has signed a 20-year joint venture with a recently formed waste management company , biomass recycling , to reuse 98 per cent of the contents of domestic waste by 1995 .

The text chosen for analysis is a short story by Ernest Hemingway comprising only 11 sentences .
the text chosen for analysis is a short story by ernest hemingway [forming/containing] only 11 sentences .

And indeed , its function was explicit in its title , its purpose , the purpose at its most modest of trade unionism within a system of production comprising employers and employees , capital and labour , as separate entities which though necessary to one another were yet ultimately opposed .
and indeed , its function was explicit in its title , its purpose , the purpose at its most modest of trade unionism within a system of production [forming/containing] employers and employees , capital and labour , as separate entities which though necessary to one another were yet ultimately opposed .

In a bilateral system comprising a network of reciprocal relationships the entity against which claims are made is evident .
in a bilateral system [forming/containing] a network of reciprocal relationships the entity against which claims are made is evident .

Shropshire 's Ironbridge Gorge contains around 1,000 acres of natural woodland , comprising ash , hazel , oak , hornbeam and cherry , and by the early 1980 's , like many other woodlands throughout the country , it had become badly neglected .
shropshire 's ironbridge gorge contains around 1,000 acres of natural woodland , [forming/containing] ash , hazel , oak , hornbeam and cherry , and by the early 1980 's , like many other woodlands throughout the country , it had become badly neglected .

It refers to the damage or destruction of forty Christian churches and monasteries ( of which two are listed as Orthodox ) ; two Jewish monuments ( the Old Cemetery at Kovacic , Sarajevo , and the Synagogue , Sarajevo ) ; and forty-six Muslim buildings , comprising forty-three mosques , two schools and the Islamic Faculty of Theology at Sarajevo .
it refers to the damage or destruction of forty christian churches and monasteries ( of which two are listed as orthodox ) ; two jewish monuments ( the old cemetery at kovacic , sarajevo , and the synagogue , sarajevo ) ; and forty-six muslim buildings , [forming/containing] forty-three mosques , two schools and the islamic faculty of theology at sarajevo .

For £9.00 we are pleased to offer a top-up insurance comprising of the following additional cover .
for £9.00 we are pleased to offer a top-up insurance [forming/containing] of the following additional cover .

On 28 May as part of their Spanish sale ( see p. 17 ) Christie 's will be offering further pieces from the Maravillas Treasure ( some of which was sold in 1990 ) comprising some outstanding items of Spanish jewellery together with gold coins and bars recovered from the wreck of the seventeenth-century Spanish galleon the ‘ Nuestra Señora de las Maravillas ’ , wrecked off the Bahamas in 1656 .
on 28 may as part of their spanish sale ( see p. 17 ) christie 's will be offering further pieces from the maravillas treasure ( some of which was sold in 1990 ) [forming/containing] some outstanding items of spanish jewellery together with gold coins and bars recovered from the wreck of the seventeenth-century spanish galleon the ‘ nuestra señora de las maravillas ’ , wrecked off the bahamas in 1656 .

Eighteenth-century experts Galerie Cailleux did less well with a very courageous , wide-ranging forty-piece Hubert Robert one-man show comprising architectural studies and eminently affordable small format works priced between FFr 12,000–220,000 .
eighteenth-century experts galerie cailleux did less well with a very courageous , wide-ranging forty-piece hubert robert one-man show [forming/containing] architectural studies and eminently affordable small format works priced between ffr 12,000–220,000 .

Comprising nearly fifty supermarket trolleys tightly packed with discarded household kit salvaged from skips and tips , the exhibition recreates , in the context of an art gallery , an Oxford Street clearance sale , with all its sleazy devices for purchases by pressure .
[forming/containing] nearly fifty supermarket trolleys tightly packed with discarded household kit salvaged from skips and tips , the exhibition recreates , in the context of an art gallery , an oxford street clearance sale , with all its sleazy devices for purchases by pressure .

Comprising over 500 photographs , they range from the earliest daguerrotypes to contemporary compositions by such photographers as Lartigue , Erwitt , Doisneau , Horst and Wegman .
[forming/containing] over 500 photographs , they range from the earliest daguerrotypes to contemporary compositions by such photographers as lartigue , erwitt , doisneau , horst and wegman .

Christie 's South Kensington is offering the Dr Robert Blass collection of early chess books , comprising over 1,000 books and manuscripts .
christie 's south kensington is offering the dr robert blass collection of early chess books , [forming/containing] over 1,000 books and manuscripts .

The contents of Steinitz 's attics which the dealer claimed he had never had time to inspect comprising all manner of junk and broken pieces of furniture , occupied the weekend of 23–24 May and visibly left Tajan wishing he had never bothered .
the contents of steinitz 's attics which the dealer claimed he had never had time to inspect [forming/containing] all manner of junk and broken pieces of furniture , occupied the weekend of 23–24 may and visibly left tajan wishing he had never bothered .

Two of the sketchbooks , dating from 1856 and comprising , in total , forty-seven pages of careful studies of houses , landscape and sailing boats in and near Le Havre , are the earliest record of Monet 's art .
two of the sketchbooks , dating from 1856 and [forming/containing] , in total , forty-seven pages of careful studies of houses , landscape and sailing boats in and near le havre , are the earliest record of monet 's art .

The typical British college head is supported by a team comprising several principal officers :
the typical british college head is supported by a team [forming/containing] several principal officers :

The indigenous population , comprising Christian Armenians and Islamic tribesmen of mainly Central Asian , Turkish and Persian origin , were alternately subjected to periods of persecution and forced conversion ( or extermination ) , depending on whether Christian Russia or one of the Islamic countries was in control ; this culminated in the widespread slaughter and deportation of the Armenians by the Turks during the First World War .
the indigenous population , [forming/containing] christian armenians and islamic tribesmen of mainly central asian , turkish and persian origin , were alternately subjected to periods of persecution and forced conversion ( or extermination ) , depending on whether christian russia or one of the islamic countries was in control ; this culminated in the widespread slaughter and deportation of the armenians by the turks during the first world war .

From Herston , formerly a quarriers ' hamlet , the mile-long High Street began , comprising virtually all the town-aspiring village of Swanage .
from herston , formerly a quarriers ' hamlet , the mile-long high street began , [forming/containing] virtually all the town-aspiring village of swanage .

With the rest of the non-Asian world , contacts have been less disputatious , comprising mostly cultural interchange , tourism and now business contacts .
with the rest of the non-asian world , contacts have been less disputatious , [forming/containing] mostly cultural interchange , tourism and now business contacts .

You need to re member that you can be very technical when talking to experts but that the same illuminating technicalities will bewilder an audience comprising only lay people .
you need to re member that you can be very technical when talking to experts but that the same illuminating technicalities will bewilder an audience [forming/containing] only lay people .

The Regiment was made up of five squadrons , each comprising 200 men , and they spent their time in tanks and armoured cars .
the regiment was made up of five squadrons , each [forming/containing] 200 men , and they spent their time in tanks and armoured cars .

The trading operations of the Press are directed by the Finance Committee , comprising Delegates and Senior Officers of the Press .
the trading operations of the press are directed by the finance committee , [forming/containing] delegates and senior officers of the press .

To begin with , consider the subset comprising those polynomials ( i.e .
to begin with , consider the subset [forming/containing] those polynomials ( i.e .

One easily solved and one unsolved problem in number theory are included in Examples 2.2.2 ( i ) The binary relation is a finite set comprising just the two elements ( 2,4 ) and ( 4,2 ) . [ Challenge : Prove it ! ]
one easily solved and one unsolved problem in number theory are included in examples 2.2.2 ( i ) the binary relation is a finite set [forming/containing] just the two elements ( 2,4 ) and ( 4,2 ) . [ challenge : prove it ! ]

What do we take to be the difference between yesterday and last night , on the one hand , and , on the other , another instance of constant conjunction , the one comprising the true causal circumstance and last night ?
what do we take to be the difference between yesterday and last night , on the one hand , and , on the other , another instance of constant conjunction , the one [forming/containing] the true causal circumstance and last night ?

Timetables , transportation , advertising , publicity , staffing and administration of the exhibition , travel and accommodation of yourself and staff and perhaps the client , as well as printing and production of suitable literature are just a few of the many items comprising your work when you recommend an exhibition be undertaken .
timetables , transportation , advertising , publicity , staffing and administration of the exhibition , travel and accommodation of yourself and staff and perhaps the client , as well as printing and production of suitable literature are just a few of the many items [forming/containing] your work when you recommend an exhibition be undertaken .

Within this perspective , the need to develop in every child a facility with skills of study , library use and information handling was clearly significant , as was some ideal of a fully integrated , centralised resources centre which would provide a hub for the wide range of activities comprising the curriculum .
within this perspective , the need to develop in every child a facility with skills of study , library use and information handling was clearly significant , as was some ideal of a fully integrated , centralised resources centre which would provide a hub for the wide range of activities [forming/containing] the curriculum .

Like the 107 , the 103/4 employs a dual bass driver configuration comprising two 160mm drivers in a double coupledcavity configuration .
like the 107 , the 103/4 employs a dual bass driver configuration [forming/containing] two 160mm drivers in a double coupledcavity configuration .

Six metropolitan counties were created , comprising Tyne and Wear , Merseyside , Greater Manchester , West Yorkshire , South Yorkshire and the West Midlands ( Table 3 .
six metropolitan counties were created , [forming/containing] tyne and wear , merseyside , greater manchester , west yorkshire , south yorkshire and the west midlands ( table 3 .

The timing of these changes and the details of the structures adopted varied between the countries comprising the United Kingdom , but ‘ as a service provider , local government in Scotland developed at broadly the same pace as local government in England and Wales ’ ( Page 1983:43 ; cf .
the timing of these changes and the details of the structures adopted varied between the countries [forming/containing] the united kingdom , but ‘ as a service provider , local government in scotland developed at broadly the same pace as local government in england and wales ’ ( page 1983:43 ; cf .

People 's committees operated extensively , comprising progressive non-communists and communists ; the Soviet task was helped by the will for reform and change .
people 's committees operated extensively , [forming/containing] progressive non-communists and communists ; the soviet task was helped by the will for reform and change .

This vast tract of land — four archdeaconries divided into 21 deaneries and then subdivided into 194 benefices comprising 450 parishes — is undeniably lovely .
this vast tract of land — four archdeaconries divided into 21 deaneries and then subdivided into 194 benefices [forming/containing] 450 parishes — is undeniably lovely .

This was originally posed by David Singer in 1961 as the problem of whether to account for the behaviour of the international system in terms of the behaviour of the nation states comprising it or vice versa .
this was originally posed by david singer in 1961 as the problem of whether to account for the behaviour of the international system in terms of the behaviour of the nation states [forming/containing] it or vice versa .

Are we to account for the behaviour of a bureaucracy in terms of the behaviour of the human individuals comprising it , or vice versa ?
are we to account for the behaviour of a bureaucracy in terms of the behaviour of the human individuals [forming/containing] it , or vice versa ?

The first , comprising Chapters 2–4 , introduces the main debates in International Relations and the philosophical considerations which bear on them .
the first , [forming/containing] chapters 2–4 , introduces the main debates in international relations and the philosophical considerations which bear on them .

Waltz contends that Morgenthau and all the other so-called systems theorists were not truly basing their accounts on systems but rather on the capabilities of the units comprising the system .
waltz contends that morgenthau and all the other so-called systems theorists were not truly basing their accounts on systems but rather on the capabilities of the units [forming/containing] the system .

This feature relates solely to the characteristics of the states comprising the membership of international society and is essential to explaining and understanding the international arenas where non-state actors operate .
this feature relates solely to the characteristics of the states [forming/containing] the membership of international society and is essential to explaining and understanding the international arenas where non-state actors operate .

Comprising six each of knives , forks , dessert spoons and teaspoons , it 's smart enough for special occasions , yet suitable for everyday use .
[forming/containing] six each of knives , forks , dessert spoons and teaspoons , it 's smart enough for special occasions , yet suitable for everyday use .

Two salient age groups can be distinguished : the 16–30 age group , which contains all ages comprising at least 1 per cent of the users ( 92 per cent of all users ) ; and the 18–22 age group , which contains the five ages which each comprised at least 5 per cent of the users ( 56 per cent of all users ) .
two salient age groups can be distinguished : the 16–30 age group , which contains all ages [forming/containing] at least 1 per cent of the users ( 92 per cent of all users ) ; and the 18–22 age group , which contains the five ages which each comprised at least 5 per cent of the users ( 56 per cent of all users ) .

The only other occupational group comprising more than 2 per cent were those in manual employment ( 9 per cent ) .
the only other occupational group [forming/containing] more than 2 per cent were those in manual employment ( 9 per cent ) .

Developed this year , it features the Parisian group of composers which evolved under the influence of Eric Satie … known as Les Six , promoted and fostered by Jean Cocteau comprising Honegger , Milhaud , Germaine Tailleferre , Poulenc as well as Auric and Durey .
developed this year , it features the parisian group of composers which evolved under the influence of eric satie … known as les six , promoted and fostered by jean cocteau [forming/containing] honegger , milhaud , germaine tailleferre , poulenc as well as auric and durey .

They had previously ruled out alternatives to a one-phase project comprising shops , a multi-storey car park , bus and taxi interchanges and some housing .
they had previously ruled out alternatives to a one-phase project [forming/containing] shops , a multi-storey car park , bus and taxi interchanges and some housing .

the Association now has a membership of approximately 1,500 , comprising freelance illustrators and agents , tutors , students and clients .
the association now has a membership of approximately 1,500 , [forming/containing] freelance illustrators and agents , tutors , students and clients .

we regard the United Kingdom as comprising England , Scotland , Wales , Northern Ireland , the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands . The full protection of your policy also applies during transit by sea , air or rail , within the United Kingdom
we regard the united kingdom as [forming/containing] england , scotland , wales , northern ireland , the isle of man and the channel islands . the full protection of your policy also applies during transit by sea , air or rail , within the united kingdom

we regard the United Kingdom as comprising England , Scotland , Wales , Northern Ireland , the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands . The full protection of your policy also applies during transit by sea , air or rail within the United Kingdom
we regard the united kingdom as [forming/containing] england , scotland , wales , northern ireland , the isle of man and the channel islands . the full protection of your policy also applies during transit by sea , air or rail within the united kingdom

An Evening Services Liaison Group , comprising all officers in charge of Evening Duty , was set up in order to improve co-ordination and communication between day and evening service staff .
an evening services liaison group , [forming/containing] all officers in charge of evening duty , was set up in order to improve co-ordination and communication between day and evening service staff .

Unique package comprising book , cassette and dictionary for business people whose main concern is English .
unique package [forming/containing] book , cassette and dictionary for business people whose main concern is english .

It was decided that the college staff would be split into 2 teams — the first team comprising the senior staff responsible for the overall course design while the second team would comprise the lecturers who would present the course material — ie the unit specialists .
it was decided that the college staff would be split into 2 teams — the first team [forming/containing] the senior staff responsible for the overall course design while the second team would comprise the lecturers who would present the course material — ie the unit specialists .

The victorious team comprising Sarah Curtis , Sarah Barratt and Samantha Woods spent their first afternoon exploring Paris 's well known landmarks on board a luxury coach .
the victorious team [forming/containing] sarah curtis , sarah barratt and samantha woods spent their first afternoon exploring paris 's well known landmarks on board a luxury coach .

They attend a series of meetings in Europe to agree basic job descriptions , these comprising only those elements of the job which are common to all member states .
they attend a series of meetings in europe to agree basic job descriptions , these [forming/containing] only those elements of the job which are common to all member states .

Figure 3.1 outlines the structure of the Council 's group award provision , comprising national awards ( including advanced courses and Scottish Vocational Qualifications ) and tailored awards .
figure 3.1 outlines the structure of the council 's group award provision , [forming/containing] national awards ( including advanced courses and scottish vocational qualifications ) and tailored awards .

From a family firm with some 2,000 employees in 1966 , the group has grown to become a public company comprising nine factories employing around 6,000 people at home and overseas .
from a family firm with some 2,000 employees in 1966 , the group has grown to become a public company [forming/containing] nine factories employing around 6,000 people at home and overseas .

The Castaways Quality Circle , comprising , looked at the method of strapping moulds together with the use of elastic bands .
the castaways quality circle , [forming/containing] , looked at the method of strapping moulds together with the use of elastic bands .

30 comprising Hermiston , the Calders , part of Wester Hailes and part of Colerton .
30 [forming/containing] hermiston , the calders , part of wester hailes and part of colerton .

Similarly the section comprising Muirend Avenue , Viewfield Road and a part of Lanark Road – North side would be transferred .
similarly the section [forming/containing] muirend avenue , viewfield road and a part of lanark road – north side would be transferred .

However , ‘ world society appears to be at a transition stage at which it is neither a world comprising only of states , nor a world comprising only systems ’ ( p.51 ) .
however , ‘ world society appears to be at a transition stage at which it is neither a world [forming/containing] only of states , nor a world [forming/containing] only systems ’ ( p.51 ) .

It was a self-sufficient unit comprising farm buildings and accommodation for slaves , servants , artisans and family .
it was a self-sufficient unit [forming/containing] farm buildings and accommodation for slaves , servants , artisans and family .

The Kentishmen 's statement of grievances , comprising fifteen articles and five requests to the King , throws some light on this ( 7 ; 11 , pp.338–42 ) The first article stated that there were rumours that Kent was to be turned into a forest as a punishment for Suffolk 's death .
the kentishmen 's statement of grievances , [forming/containing] fifteen articles and five requests to the king , throws some light on this ( 7 ; 11 , pp.338–42 ) the first article stated that there were rumours that kent was to be turned into a forest as a punishment for suffolk 's death .

One suggestion for avoiding this is to have the explicit tax rate apply only to net-of-transfer income earnings , so that if the benefit withdrawal rate is 60 per cent and the explicit tax rate 30 per cent the ‘ total ’ tax paid on an additional £1 of earned income would be at a rate , which is a sum comprising 60p less means-tested benefit , and 30 per cent of 40p = 12p explicit tax , i.e .
one suggestion for avoiding this is to have the explicit tax rate apply only to net-of-transfer income earnings , so that if the benefit withdrawal rate is 60 per cent and the explicit tax rate 30 per cent the ‘ total ’ tax paid on an additional £1 of earned income would be at a rate , which is a sum [forming/containing] 60p less means-tested benefit , and 30 per cent of 40p = 12p explicit tax , i.e .

Allows the user to collect together in one package all the modules comprising a single piece of software which is intended for issue as a product , either internally or to a customer .
allows the user to collect together in one package all the modules [forming/containing] a single piece of software which is intended for issue as a product , either internally or to a customer .

By limiting state action and expanding autonomous social life , civil society will then have the potential to become a non-state sphere comprising a plurality of public spheres .
by limiting state action and expanding autonomous social life , civil society will then have the potential to become a non-state sphere [forming/containing] a plurality of public spheres .

The central bank announced that a two-tier exchange rate system would be in operation as from Feb. 19 , 1990 , comprising an official and a market exchange rate .
the central bank announced that a two-tier exchange rate system would be in operation as from feb. 19 , 1990 , [forming/containing] an official and a market exchange rate .

The 109-member Constituent Assembly , comprising members of the Council of Ministers , representatives of the police and local government , traditional chiefs and in addition invited politicians , met for the first time in late June 1990 .
the 109-member constituent assembly , [forming/containing] members of the council of ministers , representatives of the police and local government , traditional chiefs and in addition invited politicians , met for the first time in late june 1990 .

The national congress of the Democratic Party , which had been formed in February 1989 [ see p. 36453 ] , on Oct. 7 , 1989 , voted to retain its collective three-person leadership , comprising Zach de Beer , Wynand Malan and Denis Worrall .
the national congress of the democratic party , which had been formed in february 1989 [ see p. 36453 ] , on oct. 7 , 1989 , voted to retain its collective three-person leadership , [forming/containing] zach de beer , wynand malan and denis worrall .

Sir Derek Reffell , for whose appointment see below ) with executive authority , a Gibraltar Council under a Chief Minister , and a House of Assembly comprising a Speaker ( appointed by the Governor ) , two ex-officio members and 15 elected members serving a four-year term .
sir derek reffell , for whose appointment see below ) with executive authority , a gibraltar council under a chief minister , and a house of assembly [forming/containing] a speaker ( appointed by the governor ) , two ex-officio members and 15 elected members serving a four-year term .

The Russian Congress , constituted as a result of elections in March [ see p. 37322 , where the elections are stated wrongly to be for the Russian Supreme Soviet ] and comprising 1,068 deputies , convened on May 16 .
the russian congress , constituted as a result of elections in march [ see p. 37322 , where the elections are stated wrongly to be for the russian supreme soviet ] and [forming/containing] 1,068 deputies , convened on may 16 .

Legislative authority is vested in a bicameral National Congress , comprising the Chamber of Deputies ( consisting of 180 members elected for a five-year term ) and the Senate ( consisting of 60 members elected for a five-year term along with the former Presidents of constitutional governments who have the status of life senators ) .
legislative authority is vested in a bicameral national congress , [forming/containing] the chamber of deputies ( consisting of 180 members elected for a five-year term ) and the senate ( consisting of 60 members elected for a five-year term along with the former presidents of constitutional governments who have the status of life senators ) .

Legislative authority is held by the bicameral Congress , comprising a 27-member Senate and a 130-member Chamber of Deputies , both elected for a four-year term by universal adult suffrage .
legislative authority is held by the bicameral congress , [forming/containing] a 27-member senate and a 130-member chamber of deputies , both elected for a four-year term by universal adult suffrage .

Under the 1980 Constitution legislative power is held by the unicameral National Assembly , comprising 65 members ( 53 elected for five years by universal adult suffrage , on the basis of proportional representation , and 12 regional representatives ) while executive power is held by the President .
under the 1980 constitution legislative power is held by the unicameral national assembly , [forming/containing] 65 members ( 53 elected for five years by universal adult suffrage , on the basis of proportional representation , and 12 regional representatives ) while executive power is held by the president .

National legislative authority rests with the bicameral National Congress , comprising a Chamber of Deputies of variable size which is directly elected every four years , and a 69-member Federal Senate elected for eight-year terms with elections at four-year intervals for , alternately , one-third and two-thirds of the members .
national legislative authority rests with the bicameral national congress , [forming/containing] a chamber of deputies of variable size which is directly elected every four years , and a 69-member federal senate elected for eight-year terms with elections at four-year intervals for , alternately , one-third and two-thirds of the members .

The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( comprising the republics of Bosnia-Hercegovina , Croatia , Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia and Slovenia and the autonomous Serbian provinces of Kosovo and Vojvodina ) was established in 1945 , and adopted its present name in 1963 .
the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia ( [forming/containing] the republics of bosnia-hercegovina , croatia , macedonia , montenegro , serbia and slovenia and the autonomous serbian provinces of kosovo and vojvodina ) was established in 1945 , and adopted its present name in 1963 .

The People 's Democratic Republic of Yemen became independent in 1967 as the People 's Republic of Southern Yemen , comprising Aden , which had been under British rule since 1839 , and the former Protectorate of South Arabia , which had been developed by a series of treaties between the United Kingdom and local leaders .
the people 's democratic republic of yemen became independent in 1967 as the people 's republic of southern yemen , [forming/containing] aden , which had been under british rule since 1839 , and the former protectorate of south arabia , which had been developed by a series of treaties between the united kingdom and local leaders .

It recommended a two-pronged strategy comprising ( i ) `` the productive use of the poor 's most abundant resource , their labour `` ; and ( ii ) `` improved health and education `` .
it recommended a two-pronged strategy [forming/containing] ( i ) `` the productive use of the poor 's most abundant resource , their labour `` ; and ( ii ) `` improved health and education `` .

Ghulam Ishaq Khan , Chairman of the Senate ( the upper house of the federal legislature , comprising 87 members nominated by the National and Provincial Assemblies ) , was immediately appointed acting President and a caretaker Emergency National Council was formed , comprising leading members of the Cabinet and the armed forces , and the four provincial Chief Ministers .
ghulam ishaq khan , chairman of the senate ( the upper house of the federal legislature , [forming/containing] 87 members nominated by the national and provincial assemblies ) , was immediately appointed acting president and a caretaker emergency national council was formed , [forming/containing] leading members of the cabinet and the armed forces , and the four provincial chief ministers .

Chatichai 's coalition , then comprising six member parties , controlled 229 seats in the 347-member House of Representatives , and survived the vote with the apparently overwhelming majority of 220 to 38 , but only after most opposition members had walked out in a mark of protest .
chatichai 's coalition , then [forming/containing] six member parties , controlled 229 seats in the 347-member house of representatives , and survived the vote with the apparently overwhelming majority of 220 to 38 , but only after most opposition members had walked out in a mark of protest .

The two-day inaugural summit of the `` Pentagonale `` grouping of mid-European states , comprising Austria , Czechoslovakia , Hungary , Italy and Yugoslavia , ended on Aug. 1 in Venice ( Italy ) .
the two-day inaugural summit of the `` pentagonale `` grouping of mid-european states , [forming/containing] austria , czechoslovakia , hungary , italy and yugoslavia , ended on aug. 1 in venice ( italy ) .

Under its 1949 Basic Law ( Constitution ) , the Federal Republic of Germany ( West Germany ) is a `` democratic and social federal state `` whose organs are ( i ) the Federal Diet ( Bundestag ) , the lower house of parliament , comprising 497 members elected for a four-year term by a mixed system of proportional representation and direct voting , and 22 members elected by the West Berlin House of Representatives ; ( ii ) the Federal Council ( Bundesrat ) , the upper house of parliament , comprising 41 members of the governments of the Republic 's 10 Länder ( states ) and four representatives appointed by the West Berlin Senate ; ( iii ) the Federal President ( Bundespräsident — currently Richard von Weizsäcker ) elected for a five-year term by the Federal Assembly ( Bundesversammlung ) comprising the members of the Bundestag and an equal number of delegates nominated by the Länder parliaments ; and ( iv ) the federal government ( Bundesregierung ) consisting of the Federal Chancellor ( Bundeskanzler — currently Helmut Kohl ) elected by the Bundestag on the proposal of the Federal President and his or her ministers .
under its 1949 basic law ( constitution ) , the federal republic of germany ( west germany ) is a `` democratic and social federal state `` whose organs are ( i ) the federal diet ( bundestag ) , the lower house of parliament , [forming/containing] 497 members elected for a four-year term by a mixed system of proportional representation and direct voting , and 22 members elected by the west berlin house of representatives ; ( ii ) the federal council ( bundesrat ) , the upper house of parliament , [forming/containing] 41 members of the governments of the republic 's 10 länder ( states ) and four representatives appointed by the west berlin senate ; ( iii ) the federal president ( bundespräsident — currently richard von weizsäcker ) elected for a five-year term by the federal assembly ( bundesversammlung ) [forming/containing] the members of the bundestag and an equal number of delegates nominated by the länder parliaments ; and ( iv ) the federal government ( bundesregierung ) consisting of the federal chancellor ( bundeskanzler — currently helmut kohl ) elected by the bundestag on the proposal of the federal president and his or her ministers .

The Kingdom of the Netherlands ( comprising the Netherlands in Europe , the Netherlands Antilles , and Aruba ) is a hereditary and constitutional monarchy whose three parts nominally enjoy full autonomy .
the kingdom of the netherlands ( [forming/containing] the netherlands in europe , the netherlands antilles , and aruba ) is a hereditary and constitutional monarchy whose three parts nominally enjoy full autonomy .

There is also a Council of State , nominated by the monarch and comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative functions .
there is also a council of state , nominated by the monarch and [forming/containing] 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative functions .

Legislative powers reside with the bicameral Federal Assembly ( Bundesversammlung ) comprising the upper house ( Ständerat ) of representatives from the cantons and the lower house ( Nationalrat or National Council ) directly elected by proportional representation .
legislative powers reside with the bicameral federal assembly ( bundesversammlung ) [forming/containing] the upper house ( ständerat ) of representatives from the cantons and the lower house ( nationalrat or national council ) directly elected by proportional representation .

Two-tier banking system introduced : a federal reserve comprising republican central banks , and commercial banks formed from sectoral state banks .
two-tier banking system introduced : a federal reserve [forming/containing] republican central banks , and commercial banks formed from sectoral state banks .

Constitutional amendments of April 7 , 1989 , created a new bicameral National Assembly , comprising as its lower house the 460-seat Sejm ( the former unicameral legislature ) and as its upper house a new 100-seat Senate .
constitutional amendments of april 7 , 1989 , created a new bicameral national assembly , [forming/containing] as its lower house the 460-seat sejm ( the former unicameral legislature ) and as its upper house a new 100-seat senate .

The President would head a new Council of the Federation , comprising the `` highest state officials [ i.e .
the president would head a new council of the federation , [forming/containing] the `` highest state officials [ i.e .

The Union of India ( comprising 25 self-governing states and seven union territories ) is according to its Constitution ( with amendments which came into force in January 1977 ) `` a sovereign socialist secular democratic republic `` .
the union of india ( [forming/containing] 25 self-governing states and seven union territories ) is according to its constitution ( with amendments which came into force in january 1977 ) `` a sovereign socialist secular democratic republic `` .

Exports remained weak as a whole , however , comprising only about 6 per cent of production .
exports remained weak as a whole , however , [forming/containing] only about 6 per cent of production .

Under the 1917 Constitution ( as revised ) Mexico is a federal republic comprising 31 states and a Federal District around the capital .
under the 1917 constitution ( as revised ) mexico is a federal republic [forming/containing] 31 states and a federal district around the capital .

Legislative power is vested in a bicameral National Congress consisting of a 400-member Federal Chamber of Deputies elected every three years ( 300 by majority vote in single-member constituencies and the remaining 100 by proportional representation from minority parties ' lists ) and a 64-member Senate ( comprising two senators from each state and two from the Federal District ) elected at the same time as the President .
legislative power is vested in a bicameral national congress consisting of a 400-member federal chamber of deputies elected every three years ( 300 by majority vote in single-member constituencies and the remaining 100 by proportional representation from minority parties ' lists ) and a 64-member senate ( [forming/containing] two senators from each state and two from the federal district ) elected at the same time as the president .

Trade with South Korea amounted to $ 21,485,000 between October 1988 and November 1989 , mostly comprising exports of coal , iron and steel but also oriental medicines , pottery and artifacts .
trade with south korea amounted to $ 21,485,000 between october 1988 and november 1989 , mostly [forming/containing] exports of coal , iron and steel but also oriental medicines , pottery and artifacts .

On 27 May 1685 , only a week after Parliament had convened , a grand committee of the House of the Commons ( comprising some 330 members ) agreed to address the King calling for the enforcement of the laws against `` all Dissenters whatsoever from the Church of England `` , including Catholics .
on 27 may 1685 , only a week after parliament had convened , a grand committee of the house of the commons ( [forming/containing] some 330 members ) agreed to address the king calling for the enforcement of the laws against `` all dissenters whatsoever from the church of england `` , including catholics .

Over the first two days most of the home points had been garnered by the Big Four comprising Seve Ballesteros , Jose Maria Olazabal , Nick Faldo and Ian Woosnam but in the end it was the third Spaniard and the middle-aged Irishman who rose to the occasion when their contribution was needed most .
over the first two days most of the home points had been garnered by the big four [forming/containing] seve ballesteros , jose maria olazabal , nick faldo and ian woosnam but in the end it was the third spaniard and the middle-aged irishman who rose to the occasion when their contribution was needed most .

Peter Hedges and Geoff Godwin and Geoff Marks and Peter Debble earned halves against Peter Butler and Lionel Platts and Norman Wood and Geoff Hunt , but the match swung when the groups comprising Brian Chapman and Michael Lunt and Charlie Green and David Sheehan lost out to Guy Hunt and Ken Bousfield and Clive Clark and John Garner over the closing stretch .
peter hedges and geoff godwin and geoff marks and peter debble earned halves against peter butler and lionel platts and norman wood and geoff hunt , but the match swung when the groups [forming/containing] brian chapman and michael lunt and charlie green and david sheehan lost out to guy hunt and ken bousfield and clive clark and john garner over the closing stretch .

the activities comprising home-based leisure ;
the activities [forming/containing] home-based leisure ;

It was reported to the Group that their request to the Council of the Law Society to commission a firm of management consultants to make an examination of the property market in Scotland had been remitted to a Special Committee of the Society comprising representatives of its Purchase and Sale of Heritage and Professional Practice Committees .
it was reported to the group that their request to the council of the law society to commission a firm of management consultants to make an examination of the property market in scotland had been remitted to a special committee of the society [forming/containing] representatives of its purchase and sale of heritage and professional practice committees .

In Bloomfield Auctions a dining table and four chairs went for £300 while another set comprising a dining table and six chairs made £240 .
in bloomfield auctions a dining table and four chairs went for £300 while another set [forming/containing] a dining table and six chairs made £240 .

As the numbers and grades of medreses increased with the passage of time , so also did the numbers and grades of mevleviyets , the term used here in the sense which would appear to have been valid , with minor qualifications , at least from the latter half of the sixteenth century , namely as comprising principally the kazaskerliks and the important kadiliks-the mevleviyet kadiliks — to which one moved on from the higher medreses and through which one moved , if one were fortunate , eventually to reach the kazaskerliks and , by the end of the sixteenth century , the Muftilik .
as the numbers and grades of medreses increased with the passage of time , so also did the numbers and grades of mevleviyets , the term used here in the sense which would appear to have been valid , with minor qualifications , at least from the latter half of the sixteenth century , namely as [forming/containing] principally the kazaskerliks and the important kadiliks-the mevleviyet kadiliks — to which one moved on from the higher medreses and through which one moved , if one were fortunate , eventually to reach the kazaskerliks and , by the end of the sixteenth century , the muftilik .

those of Istanbul , Edirne and Bursa ) five each , and `` the other kadis of the throne `` a term of uncertain application , but almost certainly comprising at least the other kadis mentioned in the decree of 963 ) three each : the figures for the kazaskers at least , and probably the others as well , applied down to Ata ' i 's own day .
those of istanbul , edirne and bursa ) five each , and `` the other kadis of the throne `` a term of uncertain application , but almost certainly [forming/containing] at least the other kadis mentioned in the decree of 963 ) three each : the figures for the kazaskers at least , and probably the others as well , applied down to ata ' i 's own day .

Most interestingly from our point of view , cells could manufacture large bodies comprising many billions of cells .
most interestingly from our point of view , cells could manufacture large bodies [forming/containing] many billions of cells .

An attempt has been made to identify a similar system in Britain , comprising the sequence of five intermediate stations which lie along Watling Street between Towcester and Wroxeter , at Red Hill , Penkridge , Wall , Mancetter and Cave 's Inn .
an attempt has been made to identify a similar system in britain , [forming/containing] the sequence of five intermediate stations which lie along watling street between towcester and wroxeter , at red hill , penkridge , wall , mancetter and cave 's inn .

At its eastern end two second-century buildings were identified , that to the south ( Building 2a ) lying at right angles to the frontage and apparently comprising a suite of rooms c. 7.5 by 3.5 m ( 24½ by 11½ ft ) , on Hamstone foundations .
at its eastern end two second-century buildings were identified , that to the south ( building 2a ) lying at right angles to the frontage and apparently [forming/containing] a suite of rooms c. 7.5 by 3.5 m ( 24½ by 11½ ft ) , on hamstone foundations .

It was certainly suppressed by the late third or fourth century when the stone building was provided with a corridor 4 m ( 13 ft ) wide along its western side , comprising two and ultimately three rooms .
it was certainly suppressed by the late third or fourth century when the stone building was provided with a corridor 4 m ( 13 ft ) wide along its western side , [forming/containing] two and ultimately three rooms .

Though only its rough foundations survived , the west gate turned out to be an impressive and imposing structure , comprising two towers with semicircular fronts , flanking a dual carriageway .
though only its rough foundations survived , the west gate turned out to be an impressive and imposing structure , [forming/containing] two towers with semicircular fronts , flanking a dual carriageway .

In the April issue that year Oz broke new graphic territory with a cover comprising stickers , removable from the cover .
in the april issue that year oz broke new graphic territory with a cover [forming/containing] stickers , removable from the cover .

It is proposed that representatives will have to compile a Professional Practice Portfolio , comprising records of different visits which they have made to police stations .
it is proposed that representatives will have to compile a professional practice portfolio , [forming/containing] records of different visits which they have made to police stations .

Comprising a quality paper on a Kraft silicone backing for assured foul-free printer throughput and featuring an environmentally friendly water based adhesive , the labels are available in white or a custom specified background colour , with optional bespoke printing depicting corporate graphics etc. , in up to 2 colours .
[forming/containing] a quality paper on a kraft silicone backing for assured foul-free printer throughput and featuring an environmentally friendly water based adhesive , the labels are available in white or a custom specified background colour , with optional bespoke printing depicting corporate graphics etc. , in up to 2 colours .

The panels , comprising a 9 mm plywood core with a high pressure , decorative laminate surface , measure 2400m × 600mm , need little or no maintenance , and are long lasting , effective , and attractive .
the panels , [forming/containing] a 9 mm plywood core with a high pressure , decorative laminate surface , measure 2400m × 600mm , need little or no maintenance , and are long lasting , effective , and attractive .

In this section the problem of modelling another complex , but spatially less extensive , system comprising the drainage basin of a river is considered .
in this section the problem of modelling another complex , but spatially less extensive , system [forming/containing] the drainage basin of a river is considered .

The Chairman 's Committee comprising the Executive Directors deals with the overall operational management of the Company .
the chairman 's committee [forming/containing] the executive directors deals with the overall operational management of the company .

In the remainder of the region now comprising East and West Germany Gothic development took a different form from that encountered in France , England and Belgium .
in the remainder of the region now [forming/containing] east and west germany gothic development took a different form from that encountered in france , england and belgium .

To this end a campaign to grant the status of national park to a large wilderness area comprising about a sixth of the land area of the island is being carried out by the local government of Gran Canaria .
to this end a campaign to grant the status of national park to a large wilderness area [forming/containing] about a sixth of the land area of the island is being carried out by the local government of gran canaria .

They were chosen for the award by an independent panel of judges comprising leading local journalists from the print and electronic media and are the sixth award winners from the state of Kedah and the 142nd overall since the scheme was launched in July 1975 .
they were chosen for the award by an independent panel of judges [forming/containing] leading local journalists from the print and electronic media and are the sixth award winners from the state of kedah and the 142nd overall since the scheme was launched in july 1975 .

It will be governed by Rules and administered under the direction of a committee of the Directors comprising only non-executive directors .
it will be governed by rules and administered under the direction of a committee of the directors [forming/containing] only non-executive directors .

To administer and collect income tax a new arm of administration had to be created comprising experts , officials and clerks : an `` army `` which in terms of its efficiency and rapacity came to be the equal of the long-esteemed Excise .
to administer and collect income tax a new arm of administration had to be created [forming/containing] experts , officials and clerks : an `` army `` which in terms of its efficiency and rapacity came to be the equal of the long-esteemed excise .

It is at the core of our proposals that single-person households should pay less than households comprising two or more adults .
it is at the core of our proposals that single-person households should pay less than households [forming/containing] two or more adults .

One way round this , that remains consistent with the democratic spirit of the peer group , is to have a central decision-making unit comprising , at any one time , only a few people , but to rotate membership of this unit , each person taking a turn .
one way round this , that remains consistent with the democratic spirit of the peer group , is to have a central decision-making unit [forming/containing] , at any one time , only a few people , but to rotate membership of this unit , each person taking a turn .

In doing these things , it is supported by an ‘ elite staff ’ , again comprising people with no functional interests , whose roles are to audit the operating divisions and advise the General Office .
in doing these things , it is supported by an ‘ elite staff ’ , again [forming/containing] people with no functional interests , whose roles are to audit the operating divisions and advise the general office .

From an initial sample of 1000 male faces , two groups are selected , one group comprising faces which people find easy to remember ; the other of faces they find difficult to remember .
from an initial sample of 1000 male faces , two groups are selected , one group [forming/containing] faces which people find easy to remember ; the other of faces they find difficult to remember .

phrases of two or three words , often comprising a noun and an adjective ; for example , Country life , Electric meters , Electric power plants .
phrases of two or three words , often [forming/containing] a noun and an adjective ; for example , country life , electric meters , electric power plants .

The basis of his account of social development is the distinction between different economic structures or modes of production — comprising ‘ forces ’ , or technical means , of production and ‘ social relations ’ of production , which include the distribution of the means of production ( property ) and of the product , as well as the social division of labour — to which different forms of society and the state correspond .
the basis of his account of social development is the distinction between different economic structures or modes of production — [forming/containing] ‘ forces ’ , or technical means , of production and ‘ social relations ’ of production , which include the distribution of the means of production ( property ) and of the product , as well as the social division of labour — to which different forms of society and the state correspond .

The selection of materials to be processed is made in the field and usually collections comprising many samples arrive in the laboratory at any one time .
the selection of materials to be processed is made in the field and usually collections [forming/containing] many samples arrive in the laboratory at any one time .

Firstly , under the 1987 Banking Act it is responsible for the supervision of those institutions comprising the monetary sector .
firstly , under the 1987 banking act it is responsible for the supervision of those institutions [forming/containing] the monetary sector .

Henceforth any reference to ‘ banks ’ is a reference to ‘ institutions comprising the monetary sector ’ unless explicitly stated otherwise .
henceforth any reference to ‘ banks ’ is a reference to ‘ institutions [forming/containing] the monetary sector ’ unless explicitly stated otherwise .

At the beginning of Chapter 3 , in Table 3.1 , we divided financial institutions into two groups : those comprising the monetary sector and those which we called non-bank financial intermediaries , now ‘ NBFIs ’ for short .
at the beginning of chapter 3 , in table 3.1 , we divided financial institutions into two groups : those [forming/containing] the monetary sector and those which we called non-bank financial intermediaries , now ‘ nbfis ’ for short .

Let us remind ourselves to begin with that howsoever these institutions may differ from those comprising the monetary sector , they have in common the essential features of financial innovation . They :
let us remind ourselves to begin with that howsoever these institutions may differ from those [forming/containing] the monetary sector , they have in common the essential features of financial innovation . they :

With the exception of ‘ other assets ’ , comprising land , buildings and equipment , building society non-mortgage assets are generally very liquid .
with the exception of ‘ other assets ’ , [forming/containing] land , buildings and equipment , building society non-mortgage assets are generally very liquid .

In 1987 the net inflow of funds was 19.6bn , comprising 14.4bn of new shares and deposits and 5.2bn of time deposits , CDs and bonds .
in 1987 the net inflow of funds was 19.6bn , [forming/containing] 14.4bn of new shares and deposits and 5.2bn of time deposits , cds and bonds .

In section 2.3.2 we made a distinction which is often made between the activities of banks or , more strictly , ‘ institutions comprising the monetary sector ’ and the activities of NBFIs .
in section 2.3.2 we made a distinction which is often made between the activities of banks or , more strictly , ‘ institutions [forming/containing] the monetary sector ’ and the activities of nbfis .

Some of these changes may eventually affect institutions comprising the monetary sector .
some of these changes may eventually affect institutions [forming/containing] the monetary sector .

She peered closely at the surrounding mass of faces , comprising ten of the cleaner or nicer-looking boys from the boarding section , who were whispering and fooling among themselves and taking little notice of her .
she peered closely at the surrounding mass of faces , [forming/containing] ten of the cleaner or nicer-looking boys from the boarding section , who were whispering and fooling among themselves and taking little notice of her .

In 806 , for instance , Charlemagne imagined for his second son Pippin a regnum ( literally : area ruled over ) comprising Italy and Bavaria , which made sense because of historic links between the two regions but overrode the Alps .
in 806 , for instance , charlemagne imagined for his second son pippin a regnum ( literally : area ruled over ) [forming/containing] italy and bavaria , which made sense because of historic links between the two regions but overrode the alps .

From these later inspections , the proportion of children with problems appears to have been low : for example , of four schools in Shepherds Bush , London , sending 670 children to Pontypridd in June 1940 , there were ‘ only one or two with a few nits ’ ; of 300 children being evacuated from Northwold Road Public Elementary School , in the East End , in June 1940 , only twenty-five were marked as needing special attention ( or 8 % ) , comprising one with scabies , five with nits , eight with eneurisis ( bed-wetting ) and eleven with ‘ other conditions ’ ; of 1,211 children going from Stretford ( Manchester ) schools in the same month , only eighty suffered from vermin or nits , and only fourteen from eneurisis .
from these later inspections , the proportion of children with problems appears to have been low : for example , of four schools in shepherds bush , london , sending 670 children to pontypridd in june 1940 , there were ‘ only one or two with a few nits ’ ; of 300 children being evacuated from northwold road public elementary school , in the east end , in june 1940 , only twenty-five were marked as needing special attention ( or 8 % ) , [forming/containing] one with scabies , five with nits , eight with eneurisis ( bed-wetting ) and eleven with ‘ other conditions ’ ; of 1,211 children going from stretford ( manchester ) schools in the same month , only eighty suffered from vermin or nits , and only fourteen from eneurisis .

Table 6.1 shows details about the 48 stimuli used , two sets of 24 films with the odd numbered films comprising one set and the even numbered ones comprising the second set .
table 6.1 shows details about the 48 stimuli used , two sets of 24 films with the odd numbered films [forming/containing] one set and the even numbered ones [forming/containing] the second set .

a ) The main working area comprising of the pumping station site ‘ Galloways Yard ’ behind the sandstone wall .
a ) the main working area [forming/containing] of the pumping station site ‘ galloways yard ’ behind the sandstone wall .

Communication in science can take place at different levels of complexity or integration of informational elements ; data transfer is the most basic level , comprising the exchange of information on fundamental parameters , such as numerical or analytical data ; the descriptive level involves the transfer of data in a descriptive context ; and at the idea transfer level , deductions , interpretations and predictions are made from data and descriptions earlier acquired , and from background knowledge and experience .
communication in science can take place at different levels of complexity or integration of informational elements ; data transfer is the most basic level , [forming/containing] the exchange of information on fundamental parameters , such as numerical or analytical data ; the descriptive level involves the transfer of data in a descriptive context ; and at the idea transfer level , deductions , interpretations and predictions are made from data and descriptions earlier acquired , and from background knowledge and experience .

The village , comprising forty-nine houses , solidly built and dry , with plastered walls , was upon her land and she wished it cleared .
the village , [forming/containing] forty-nine houses , solidly built and dry , with plastered walls , was upon her land and she wished it cleared .

The 60 or so islands comprising the British Virgin Islands are a Crown Colony with an appointed Governor representing the United Kingdom sovereign .
the 60 or so islands [forming/containing] the british virgin islands are a crown colony with an appointed governor representing the united kingdom sovereign .

Under the Constitution as revised in 1972 there is a Legislative Assembly with 12 elected and three official members , while the Governor and Executive Council ( comprising three official members and four elected by and from the Legislative Assembly ) are responsible for internal administration .
under the constitution as revised in 1972 there is a legislative assembly with 12 elected and three official members , while the governor and executive council ( [forming/containing] three official members and four elected by and from the legislative assembly ) are responsible for internal administration .

An executive President is elected every four years , as is a bicameral Congress comprising a 27-member Senate and a 130-member Chamber of Deputies .
an executive president is elected every four years , as is a bicameral congress [forming/containing] a 27-member senate and a 130-member chamber of deputies .

Legislative authority is held by a National Congress , comprising a 47-member Senate serving an eight-year term ( of whom 38 are elected and nine are directly appointed by the outgoing government and the Supreme Court — see pp .
legislative authority is held by a national congress , [forming/containing] a 47-member senate serving an eight-year term ( of whom 38 are elected and nine are directly appointed by the outgoing government and the supreme court — see pp .

Legislative power is held by a bicameral National Congress comprising a 30-member Senate and a 72-member Chamber of Deputies , both directly elected for five-year terms ( subject to dissolution by the President ) .
legislative power is held by a bicameral national congress [forming/containing] a 30-member senate and a 72-member chamber of deputies , both directly elected for five-year terms ( subject to dissolution by the president ) .

Anand ordered the creation of a committee on Aug. 11 , comprising representatives from both the public and private sectors , to search for those missing as a result of the May events .
anand ordered the creation of a committee on aug. 11 , [forming/containing] representatives from both the public and private sectors , to search for those missing as a result of the may events .

The committee proposed ( i ) an executive comprising a directly elected President , a Prime Minister who would be the leader of the majority party in parliament , and a Security Council consisting of the senior ministers , members of the security forces and three presidential nominees ; ( ii ) a non-partisan Council of State , including leaders of all parliamentary political parties and regional representatives , which would deal with matters of " constitutional or national significance " ; ( iii ) a single directly elected legislature ; and ( iv ) a Special Committee on Human Rights and Administrative Justice which would promote and monitor the enforcement of such rights .
the committee proposed ( i ) an executive [forming/containing] a directly elected president , a prime minister who would be the leader of the majority party in parliament , and a security council consisting of the senior ministers , members of the security forces and three presidential nominees ; ( ii ) a non-partisan council of state , including leaders of all parliamentary political parties and regional representatives , which would deal with matters of " constitutional or national significance " ; ( iii ) a single directly elected legislature ; and ( iv ) a special committee on human rights and administrative justice which would promote and monitor the enforcement of such rights .

All prospective presidential candidates would have to screened by a pre-selection committee , comprising the government-appointed chairman of the Public Service Commission , a member of the Presidential Council of Minority Rights , and the head of the Society of Accountants .
all prospective presidential candidates would have to screened by a pre-selection committee , [forming/containing] the government-appointed chairman of the public service commission , a member of the presidential council of minority rights , and the head of the society of accountants .

The population of Estonia was 61.5 per cent Estonian and 30.3 per cent Russian , the remainder comprising Ukrainians , Byelorussians and Finns ( 1989 census ) .
the population of estonia was 61.5 per cent estonian and 30.3 per cent russian , the remainder [forming/containing] ukrainians , byelorussians and finns ( 1989 census ) .

At the federal level the highest organ of state authority is the bicameral Federal Assembly , comprising the Chamber of the People ( 101 seats for the Czech Lands and 49 seats for Slovakia ) , and the Chamber of Nations ( 75 seats for each republic ) , to which deputies are elected by universal adult suffrage .
at the federal level the highest organ of state authority is the bicameral federal assembly , [forming/containing] the chamber of the people ( 101 seats for the czech lands and 49 seats for slovakia ) , and the chamber of nations ( 75 seats for each republic ) , to which deputies are elected by universal adult suffrage .

The country is governed by a Council of Ministers , led by a Prime Minister appointed by the President and responsible to the bicameral parliament , France 's highest legislative body , comprising a 321-member Senate ( upper house ) , a third of whose seats are renewed every three years in indirect elections , and a 577-seat National Assembly ( lower house ) , elected for a five-year term by universal suffrage .
the country is governed by a council of ministers , led by a prime minister appointed by the president and responsible to the bicameral parliament , france 's highest legislative body , [forming/containing] a 321-member senate ( upper house ) , a third of whose seats are renewed every three years in indirect elections , and a 577-seat national assembly ( lower house ) , elected for a five-year term by universal suffrage .

Under the 1949 Basic Law the Federal Republic is a " democratic and social federal state " whose organs are : ( i ) the Bundestag ( lower house of parliament ) elected for a four-year term in universal , direct , free and secret elections ; ( ii ) the Bundesrat ( upper house ) , now comprising 65 members of the governments of the Republic 's 16 Länder ( states ) ; ( iii ) the Federal President ( Bundespräsident ) elected for a five-year term by the Federal Assembly ( Bundesversammlung ) , comprising the members of the Bundestag and an equal number of delegates nominated by the Länder parliaments ; ( iv ) the Federal Government ( Bundesregierung ) consisting of the Federal Chancellor ( Bundeskanzler — elected by the Bundestag on the proposal of the Federal President ) , together with his or her ministers ; and ( v ) the Federal Constitutional Court ( Bundesverfassungsgericht ) , whose judges are elected by the Bundestag and Bundesrat to serve 12-year non-renewable terms .
under the 1949 basic law the federal republic is a " democratic and social federal state " whose organs are : ( i ) the bundestag ( lower house of parliament ) elected for a four-year term in universal , direct , free and secret elections ; ( ii ) the bundesrat ( upper house ) , now [forming/containing] 65 members of the governments of the republic 's 16 länder ( states ) ; ( iii ) the federal president ( bundespräsident ) elected for a five-year term by the federal assembly ( bundesversammlung ) , [forming/containing] the members of the bundestag and an equal number of delegates nominated by the länder parliaments ; ( iv ) the federal government ( bundesregierung ) consisting of the federal chancellor ( bundeskanzler — elected by the bundestag on the proposal of the federal president ) , together with his or her ministers ; and ( v ) the federal constitutional court ( bundesverfassungsgericht ) , whose judges are elected by the bundestag and bundesrat to serve 12-year non-renewable terms .

There is also a Council of State , nominated by the Grand Duke , comprising 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative functions .
there is also a council of state , nominated by the grand duke , [forming/containing] 21 members , which acts as the supreme administrative tribunal and has some legislative functions .

The Kingdom of the Netherlands ( comprising the Netherlands in Europe , the Netherlands Antilles , and Aruba — see p. 38236 ) is a constitutional monarchy whose three parts nominally enjoy full autonomy .
the kingdom of the netherlands ( [forming/containing] the netherlands in europe , the netherlands antilles , and aruba — see p. 38236 ) is a constitutional monarchy whose three parts nominally enjoy full autonomy .

Legislative powers reside with the bicameral Federal Assembly ( Bundesversammlung ) comprising the 46-member Upper House ( Ständerat ) of representatives from the cantons and the 200-member Lower House ( Nationalrat or National Council ) , which is elected for a four-year term .
legislative powers reside with the bicameral federal assembly ( bundesversammlung ) [forming/containing] the 46-member upper house ( ständerat ) of representatives from the cantons and the 200-member lower house ( nationalrat or national council ) , which is elected for a four-year term .

The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( comprising the republics of Bosnia-Hercegovina , Croatia , Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia and Slovenia , and the autonomous provinces of Vojvodina and Kosovo-Metohija within Serbia ) was established in 1945 , and adopted its current name in 1963 .
the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia ( [forming/containing] the republics of bosnia-hercegovina , croatia , macedonia , montenegro , serbia and slovenia , and the autonomous provinces of vojvodina and kosovo-metohija within serbia ) was established in 1945 , and adopted its current name in 1963 .

Overlapping the area covered by the Pentagonale countries was the Alpen-Adria grouping , established in 1978 and comprising five Austrian Länder ( provinces ) , three of Hungary 's western regions , four northern regions of Italy , Bavaria ( Germany ) and Croatia and Slovenia ( both Yugoslavia ) .
overlapping the area covered by the pentagonale countries was the alpen-adria grouping , established in 1978 and [forming/containing] five austrian länder ( provinces ) , three of hungary 's western regions , four northern regions of italy , bavaria ( germany ) and croatia and slovenia ( both yugoslavia ) .

In May 1990 the Danube countries ( Donauländer ) , comprising regions through which the Danube flowed , established a working community ( Arbeitsgemeinschaft ) to promote co-operation and exchange of expertise .
in may 1990 the danube countries ( donauländer ) , [forming/containing] regions through which the danube flowed , established a working community ( arbeitsgemeinschaft ) to promote co-operation and exchange of expertise .

The Baltic Council ( comprising Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania , first formed in 1934 and revived in May 1990 — see p. 37462 ) sought to develop economic ties with the Nordic Council ( founded in the early 1950s and comprising Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway and Sweden ) .
the baltic council ( [forming/containing] estonia , latvia and lithuania , first formed in 1934 and revived in may 1990 — see p. 37462 ) sought to develop economic ties with the nordic council ( founded in the early 1950s and [forming/containing] denmark , finland , iceland , norway and sweden ) .

The executive council of the self-proclaimed `` Serbian Autonomous Region of Krajina `` , comprising municipalities in Croatia with a majority Serb population , followed up its March 16 decision to secede unilaterally from Croatia by deciding on April 1 to become part of Serbia .
the executive council of the self-proclaimed `` serbian autonomous region of krajina `` , [forming/containing] municipalities in croatia with a majority serb population , followed up its march 16 decision to secede unilaterally from croatia by deciding on april 1 to become part of serbia .

In a letter to Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson on the eve of sentencing , Barry requested a sentence comprising community service .
in a letter to judge thomas penfield jackson on the eve of sentencing , barry requested a sentence [forming/containing] community service .

( 2 ) " For monetary union , the creation of a new monetary institution comprising member states ' central banks and a central organ , exercising full responsibility for monetary policy … The institution as such , as well as the members of its Council , will … report to the institutions which are politically responsible .
( 2 ) " for monetary union , the creation of a new monetary institution [forming/containing] member states ' central banks and a central organ , exercising full responsibility for monetary policy … the institution as such , as well as the members of its council , will … report to the institutions which are politically responsible .

Agitation by Serbs in Croatia came to a head with the unilateral proclamation on Oct. 1 by the so-called Serbian National Council of an `` autonomous region `` comprising those districts where they were in the majority .
agitation by serbs in croatia came to a head with the unilateral proclamation on oct. 1 by the so-called serbian national council of an `` autonomous region `` [forming/containing] those districts where they were in the majority .

Legislative power is vested in the unicameral House of Representatives , comprising 105 members , elected for a five-year term , 10 elected paramount chiefs and 10 presidential nominees .
legislative power is vested in the unicameral house of representatives , [forming/containing] 105 members , elected for a five-year term , 10 elected paramount chiefs and 10 presidential nominees .

( 2 ) Starting on July 1 , 1990 , the contracting parties shall constitute a monetary union comprising a unified currency area and with the Deutsche Mark as the common currency . The Deutsche Bundesbank shall be the central bank in this currency area …
( 2 ) starting on july 1 , 1990 , the contracting parties shall constitute a monetary union [forming/containing] a unified currency area and with the deutsche mark as the common currency . the deutsche bundesbank shall be the central bank in this currency area …

Following the summit , the Forum held two days of talks on Aug. 1-2 with its seven " dialogue partners " , comprising Canada , China , France , Japan , the United Kingdom , the United States and the European Communities .
following the summit , the forum held two days of talks on aug. 1-2 with its seven " dialogue partners " , [forming/containing] canada , china , france , japan , the united kingdom , the united states and the european communities .

On finance , Heseltine conceded that the public had " not been persuaded that the [ community ] charge is fair " , and he stated that it would be replaced by a new local tax under which there would be a single bill for each household comprising two essential elements : the number of adults living there and the value of the property .
on finance , heseltine conceded that the public had " not been persuaded that the [ community ] charge is fair " , and he stated that it would be replaced by a new local tax under which there would be a single bill for each household [forming/containing] two essential elements : the number of adults living there and the value of the property .

The ruling collegium of the Defence Ministry , comprising deputy defence ministers and commanders of forces , had replaced over half its membership after the coup , as reported on Sept. 16 ; Marshal Dmitri Yazov and Gen. Valentin Varennikov , former Defence Minister and Deputy Interior Minister , had both been dismissed following their arrests in August [ see p. 38371 ] .
the ruling collegium of the defence ministry , [forming/containing] deputy defence ministers and commanders of forces , had replaced over half its membership after the coup , as reported on sept. 16 ; marshal dmitri yazov and gen. valentin varennikov , former defence minister and deputy interior minister , had both been dismissed following their arrests in august [ see p. 38371 ] .

The bank 's permanent directorate , hitherto comprising five members ( with 10 the maximum ) , would be expanded to a maximum of eight to include east German representation .
the bank 's permanent directorate , hitherto [forming/containing] five members ( with 10 the maximum ) , would be expanded to a maximum of eight to include east german representation .

Announcing the changes , Lacalle stated that he was creating a `` special cabinet `` , comprising de Posadas , Ache , Braga and Agriculture and Fisheries Minister Alvaro Ramos Trigo , to supervise the restructuring of Uruguay 's industrial sector and to make it competitive in the planned 1995 four-member South American common market , Mercosur [ see p. 38096 ] .
announcing the changes , lacalle stated that he was creating a `` special cabinet `` , [forming/containing] de posadas , ache , braga and agriculture and fisheries minister alvaro ramos trigo , to supervise the restructuring of uruguay 's industrial sector and to make it competitive in the planned 1995 four-member south american common market , mercosur [ see p. 38096 ] .

Meanwhile the breakaway Glina assembly , comprising half the Krajina deputies , on Feb. 16 dismissed Babic as president of Krajina and commander of its armed forces , rejected his referendum proposal and relieved the Krajina government of its duties .
meanwhile the breakaway glina assembly , [forming/containing] half the krajina deputies , on feb. 16 dismissed babic as president of krajina and commander of its armed forces , rejected his referendum proposal and relieved the krajina government of its duties .

He also supported the ideas of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp for a conservative , market-orientated approach to inner-city problems , comprising ghetto-enterprise zones with no , or low , taxes ; welfare reform ; privatization of public housing ; and greater choice within the education system .
he also supported the ideas of housing and urban development secretary jack kemp for a conservative , market-orientated approach to inner-city problems , [forming/containing] ghetto-enterprise zones with no , or low , taxes ; welfare reform ; privatization of public housing ; and greater choice within the education system .

Defined as the `` executive apparatus of presidential authority `` ; headed by a Premier chosen by and reporting to the President , and comprising around 15 heads of ministries and departments in charge of `` those spheres of government assigned to the Union in keeping with the allocation of powers between the Union and the republics `` , plus the heads of republican governments ; replaced the 69-member Council of Ministers , responsible directly to the Supreme Soviet .
defined as the `` executive apparatus of presidential authority `` ; headed by a premier chosen by and reporting to the president , and [forming/containing] around 15 heads of ministries and departments in charge of `` those spheres of government assigned to the union in keeping with the allocation of powers between the union and the republics `` , plus the heads of republican governments ; replaced the 69-member council of ministers , responsible directly to the supreme soviet .

President Elias Hrawi had ordered the militias to leave greater Beirut ( an area comprising a belt running roughly 25 km around the city , from the Kelb River in the north to the Damour River in the south ) on Oct. 24 , in order to allow the government to press ahead with its `` Greater Beirut Security Plan `` .
president elias hrawi had ordered the militias to leave greater beirut ( an area [forming/containing] a belt running roughly 25 km around the city , from the kelb river in the north to the damour river in the south ) on oct. 24 , in order to allow the government to press ahead with its `` greater beirut security plan `` .

On Dec. 26 , the representative to the Yugoslav Presidency of the Serbian province of Vojvodina announced the formation of a " third Yugoslavia " , comprising Serbia , Montenegro and the Serbian Krajina in Croatia .
on dec. 26 , the representative to the yugoslav presidency of the serbian province of vojvodina announced the formation of a " third yugoslavia " , [forming/containing] serbia , montenegro and the serbian krajina in croatia .

President Suharto on Nov. 19 set up a seven-person commission to investigate the Dili incident , headed by Chief Justice Jaelani , a retired army general , and comprising officials from the Home Affairs , Foreign and Justice Ministries , and representatives from the Supreme Court , armed forces and parliament .
president suharto on nov. 19 set up a seven-person commission to investigate the dili incident , headed by chief justice jaelani , a retired army general , and [forming/containing] officials from the home affairs , foreign and justice ministries , and representatives from the supreme court , armed forces and parliament .

The Union of India ( comprising 25 self-governing states and seven union territories ) first became independent , as a dominion within the Commonwealth , in 1947 ; in 1950 , according to the Constitution inaugurated in that year , it became `` a sovereign socialist secular democratic republic `` .
the union of india ( [forming/containing] 25 self-governing states and seven union territories ) first became independent , as a dominion within the commonwealth , in 1947 ; in 1950 , according to the constitution inaugurated in that year , it became `` a sovereign socialist secular democratic republic `` .

The Republic of Indonesia ( comprising some 13,700 islands known until 1949 as the Netherlands East Indies ) is a unitary state in which executive power resides in a President who governs with the assistance of an appointed Cabinet .
the republic of indonesia ( [forming/containing] some 13,700 islands known until 1949 as the netherlands east indies ) is a unitary state in which executive power resides in a president who governs with the assistance of an appointed cabinet .

Under the provisions of the 1990 Constitution , Nepal is a constitutional monarchy , with a bicameral legislature , comprising a 205-member House of Representatives ( Pratinidhi Sabha ) , elected on the basis of adult franchise , and a 60-member National Council ( Rashtriya Sabha ) , 10 of whom are nominees of the King , 35 ( including three women ) are elected by the House of Representatives , and 15 are elected by an electoral college .
under the provisions of the 1990 constitution , nepal is a constitutional monarchy , with a bicameral legislature , [forming/containing] a 205-member house of representatives ( pratinidhi sabha ) , elected on the basis of adult franchise , and a 60-member national council ( rashtriya sabha ) , 10 of whom are nominees of the king , 35 ( including three women ) are elected by the house of representatives , and 15 are elected by an electoral college .

Prior to February 1991 , when the armed forces toppled the elected government in a bloodless coup , Thailand was a constitutional kingdom , with a bicameral National Assembly ( the legislature comprising the Senate and the House of Representatives ) .
prior to february 1991 , when the armed forces toppled the elected government in a bloodless coup , thailand was a constitutional kingdom , with a bicameral national assembly ( the legislature [forming/containing] the senate and the house of representatives ) .

The legislature ( the Olbiil Era Kelulau ) is bicameral : a House of Delegates comprising one representative from each of the territory 's 16 states , and a 14-member Senate .
the legislature ( the olbiil era kelulau ) is bicameral : a house of delegates [forming/containing] one representative from each of the territory 's 16 states , and a 14-member senate .

Legislative power is vested in a unicameral House of Assembly ( Maneaba ) , comprising 39 members popularly elected for up to four years and one appointed representative of the Banaban community .
legislative power is vested in a unicameral house of assembly ( maneaba ) , [forming/containing] 39 members popularly elected for up to four years and one appointed representative of the banaban community .

The Nov. 17 proposals involved investing the Council of the Federation ( comprising the republican presidents ) with new powers to co-ordinate actions by the centre and the republics ; abolishing the Presidential Council ; creating a presidential `` security council `` ; and overhauling the government .
the nov. 17 proposals involved investing the council of the federation ( [forming/containing] the republican presidents ) with new powers to co-ordinate actions by the centre and the republics ; abolishing the presidential council ; creating a presidential `` security council `` ; and overhauling the government .

Yeltsin had called for a `` coalition government of national unity `` comprising ministers nominated from each of the republics .
yeltsin had called for a `` coalition government of national unity `` [forming/containing] ministers nominated from each of the republics .

More than 100,000 protestors marched through Bucharest in a demonstration co-ordinated by the recently formed Civic Alliance , comprising dissident intellectuals and workers , and were addressed by student leader Marian Munteanu .
more than 100,000 protestors marched through bucharest in a demonstration co-ordinated by the recently formed civic alliance , [forming/containing] dissident intellectuals and workers , and were addressed by student leader marian munteanu .

Under the federal Constitution adopted in 1901 , legislative power is vested in the bicameral Parliament , comprising a 148-member House of Representatives elected for a three-year term and a 76-member Senate ( 12 seats for each of the six constituent states and two each for the Northern Territory and the Capital Territory ) .
under the federal constitution adopted in 1901 , legislative power is vested in the bicameral parliament , [forming/containing] a 148-member house of representatives elected for a three-year term and a 76-member senate ( 12 seats for each of the six constituent states and two each for the northern territory and the capital territory ) .

The most spectacular crisis affected the Bond Corporation , a business conglomerate comprising property , brewing and media interests worldwide built up by Alan Bond in the 1970s and 1980s .
the most spectacular crisis affected the bond corporation , a business conglomerate [forming/containing] property , brewing and media interests worldwide built up by alan bond in the 1970s and 1980s .

In mid-1989 , the Fiji Trade Union Council , derecognised by the government in 1986 because of its links with the Labour Party [ see p. 35251 ] , called for a general strike to force the government to lift the freeze on wages and revive the defunct wage guideline forum comprising the Fiji Trades Union Congress , the government and the employers ' association .
in mid-1989 , the fiji trade union council , derecognised by the government in 1986 because of its links with the labour party [ see p. 35251 ] , called for a general strike to force the government to lift the freeze on wages and revive the defunct wage guideline forum [forming/containing] the fiji trades union congress , the government and the employers ' association .

Legislative power is vested in a unicameral House of Assembly ( Maneaba ) , comprising 39 members popularly elected for up to four years and one appointed representative of the Banaban community .
legislative power is vested in a unicameral house of assembly ( maneaba ) , [forming/containing] 39 members popularly elected for up to four years and one appointed representative of the banaban community .

Godmanis survived by 71 to 36 a vote called by members of the Satversme faction ( comprising the Latvian Free Civic Conservative Party , the Latvian Rebirth Party , the Latvian Liberal Party and the Latvian Liberal Democratic Party ) , accusing him of authoritarianism , inconsistency and incompetence , citing the government 's poor economic performance , and calling for his resignation .
godmanis survived by 71 to 36 a vote called by members of the satversme faction ( [forming/containing] the latvian free civic conservative party , the latvian rebirth party , the latvian liberal party and the latvian liberal democratic party ) , accusing him of authoritarianism , inconsistency and incompetence , citing the government 's poor economic performance , and calling for his resignation .

The move was regarded as significant in Japan because verbal harassment of women was known to be particularly widespread , but previously only actual assaults had been legally construed as comprising acts of harassment .
the move was regarded as significant in japan because verbal harassment of women was known to be particularly widespread , but previously only actual assaults had been legally construed as [forming/containing] acts of harassment .

On the same day a preparatory committee began work towards setting up a Civic Movement , its members comprising leading liberals including federal Foreign Minister Jiri Dienstbier and Deputy Premier Pavel Rychetsky , and the Czech Premier Petr Pithart .
on the same day a preparatory committee began work towards setting up a civic movement , its members [forming/containing] leading liberals including federal foreign minister jiri dienstbier and deputy premier pavel rychetsky , and the czech premier petr pithart .

Legislative power is vested in the unicameral 50-seat House of Representatives , comprising of 36 directly elected for a five-year term , five chiefs elected by the Assembly of Chiefs , eight non-voting nominated members and the Attorney General .
legislative power is vested in the unicameral 50-seat house of representatives , [forming/containing] of 36 directly elected for a five-year term , five chiefs elected by the assembly of chiefs , eight non-voting nominated members and the attorney general .

Legislative power was vested in the directly elected bicameral National Assembly , comprising a 64-member House of Representatives and a 26-member Senate .
legislative power was vested in the directly elected bicameral national assembly , [forming/containing] a 64-member house of representatives and a 26-member senate .

Junta Coordinadora de las Fuerzas de Oposición Democrática ( Co-ordinating Board of Democratic Opposition Forces , the main opposition alliance operating in exile , comprising five parties , Teodoro Mackuandji Bondjale Oko l . )
junta coordinadora de las fuerzas de oposición democrática ( co-ordinating board of democratic opposition forces , the main opposition alliance operating in exile , [forming/containing] five parties , teodoro mackuandji bondjale oko l . )

Legislative authority is vested in a Chamber of Representatives elected for a six-year term and comprising 306 members , of whom 206 are directly elected by universal adult suffrage and the remainder by an electoral college composed of local councillors and representatives of professional bodies .
legislative authority is vested in a chamber of representatives elected for a six-year term and [forming/containing] 306 members , of whom 206 are directly elected by universal adult suffrage and the remainder by an electoral college composed of local councillors and representatives of professional bodies .

December : issuing of common anti-Saddam Hussein programme by 17-member , Syrian-based Iraqi National Joint Action Committee ( comprising Kurds , communists , Islamic fundamentalists , socialists and nationalists ) [ see p. 37927 ] .
december : issuing of common anti-saddam hussein programme by 17-member , syrian-based iraqi national joint action committee ( [forming/containing] kurds , communists , islamic fundamentalists , socialists and nationalists ) [ see p. 37927 ] .

Prior to the course validation event , a subcommittee comprising — was set up to consider each course and review its ‘ enterprise ’ content .
prior to the course validation event , a subcommittee [forming/containing] — was set up to consider each course and review its ‘ enterprise ’ content .

The evidence is meagre , comprising stones in Denmark bearing inscriptions in the runic alphabet , the German chroniclers Widukind of Corvey , Thietmar of Merseburg and Adam of Bremen , and the work known as the Encomium Emmae , written in praise of Cnut 's queen Emma in St Omer in the early 1040s .
the evidence is meagre , [forming/containing] stones in denmark bearing inscriptions in the runic alphabet , the german chroniclers widukind of corvey , thietmar of merseburg and adam of bremen , and the work known as the encomium emmae , written in praise of cnut 's queen emma in st omer in the early 1040s .

On the other hand , the rank and file of his army of conquest of 1016 , comprising Norwegians and Swedes as well as Danes , doubtless contained a fair number of heathens , and it is very unlikely that the Danish church had yet permeated national life as deeply as that of the English .
on the other hand , the rank and file of his army of conquest of 1016 , [forming/containing] norwegians and swedes as well as danes , doubtless contained a fair number of heathens , and it is very unlikely that the danish church had yet permeated national life as deeply as that of the english .

Consider a database comprising details of a company 's customers .
consider a database [forming/containing] details of a company 's customers .

These area managers meet as a team monthly , and general managers meet with their own management teams [ comprising typically of an assistant manager and a head chef ] weekly .
these area managers meet as a team monthly , and general managers meet with their own management teams [ [forming/containing] typically of an assistant manager and a head chef ] weekly .

To help Cicely with the running of the team a small steering committee has been formed comprising of
to help cicely with the running of the team a small steering committee has been formed [forming/containing] of

It was precisely defined as comprising all of the three features : pain in the lower chest or upper abdomen , a tender spot ( or spots ) on the lower costal margin ( including the xiphoid ) ; reproduction of the pain by pressing on the spot .
it was precisely defined as [forming/containing] all of the three features : pain in the lower chest or upper abdomen , a tender spot ( or spots ) on the lower costal margin ( including the xiphoid ) ; reproduction of the pain by pressing on the spot .

Several series of rats , each comprising six to eight animals , with chronic pancreatic fistula were used in secretory studies with the five hour return of pancreatic secretion to the duodenum .
several series of rats , each [forming/containing] six to eight animals , with chronic pancreatic fistula were used in secretory studies with the five hour return of pancreatic secretion to the duodenum .

The area served by the hospital , situated in South Wales , has a static population of 180000 , comprising both urban and rural communities .
the area served by the hospital , situated in south wales , has a static population of 180000 , [forming/containing] both urban and rural communities .

In honour of its 250th anniversary in 1993 , the company has embarked upon its first ever multi-media advertising campaign , comprising a series of three cinema commercials and four press and poster advertisements .
in honour of its 250th anniversary in 1993 , the company has embarked upon its first ever multi-media advertising campaign , [forming/containing] a series of three cinema commercials and four press and poster advertisements .

There is thus the initial data for work load planning for all functions involved comprising activity description , its approximate timing , a list of the other functions involved and the identity of the co-ordinator .
there is thus the initial data for work load planning for all functions involved [forming/containing] activity description , its approximate timing , a list of the other functions involved and the identity of the co-ordinator .

The eyes can travel freely along the series of dots comprising the line .
the eyes can travel freely along the series of dots [forming/containing] the line .

Moreover , unlike those West Indian teams who dominated the Tests of 1976 , 1980 , 1984 and 1988 , Pakistan can augment a four-pronged fast bowling attack comprising Waqar , Wasim Akram , Aqib Javed and Imran Khan with a young leg-spinner of immense flair in Mushtaq Ahmed .
moreover , unlike those west indian teams who dominated the tests of 1976 , 1980 , 1984 and 1988 , pakistan can augment a four-pronged fast bowling attack [forming/containing] waqar , wasim akram , aqib javed and imran khan with a young leg-spinner of immense flair in mushtaq ahmed .

Large groups of dolphins are mixed in age and sex , but smaller groups generally are of three types : a nuclear group , comprising a single adult male and female ; a nursery group , with a number of adult females and young ; and a bachelor group , with adult and young males .
large groups of dolphins are mixed in age and sex , but smaller groups generally are of three types : a nuclear group , [forming/containing] a single adult male and female ; a nursery group , with a number of adult females and young ; and a bachelor group , with adult and young males .

In 1980 , the catch exceeded 54,000 animals , but in 1981 fell to about 10,000 , with harbour porpoises rather than dolphins comprising most of the catch .
in 1980 , the catch exceeded 54,000 animals , but in 1981 fell to about 10,000 , with harbour porpoises rather than dolphins [forming/containing] most of the catch .

It was during this period that he formed a mixed media trio called Feathers comprising himself , Hermione and John Hutchinson who came from Hull .
it was during this period that he formed a mixed media trio called feathers [forming/containing] himself , hermione and john hutchinson who came from hull .

Chela and Urna are dancers at La Fama night club , a grotty little joint comprising one bar , 15 or so rickety wooden tables , and an illuminated picture of a woman 's bottom which flashes on and off .
chela and urna are dancers at la fama night club , a grotty little joint [forming/containing] one bar , 15 or so rickety wooden tables , and an illuminated picture of a woman 's bottom which flashes on and off .

There 's also a Renaissance fountain , and an extremely odd conglomeration of church buildings comprising one ancient ruin , one proper church , and the skeleton faade and nave of a rather pompous and unfinished 18th-century abbey .
there 's also a renaissance fountain , and an extremely odd conglomeration of church buildings [forming/containing] one ancient ruin , one proper church , and the skeleton faade and nave of a rather pompous and unfinished 18th-century abbey .

In company with Ian Carruthers and Stephen Farish , they reached the fours final after a mature performance against a formidable young East Dorset rink comprising Dean Morgan , Nick Jones , Peter Pull and Russell Norman .
in company with ian carruthers and stephen farish , they reached the fours final after a mature performance against a formidable young east dorset rink [forming/containing] dean morgan , nick jones , peter pull and russell norman .

The welcoming party for Ali Bacher , first off the plane , and the 94-strong South African party was only a small one , comprising Jamaican and West Indian Board officials and assorted media , but all present knew they had witnessed a piece of history that only recently seemed destined for the next century .
the welcoming party for ali bacher , first off the plane , and the 94-strong south african party was only a small one , [forming/containing] jamaican and west indian board officials and assorted media , but all present knew they had witnessed a piece of history that only recently seemed destined for the next century .

The arcuate island chain of the Outer Hebrides is underlain by rocks which are amongst the oldest in Britain , principally comprising Lewisian gneisses with some granites and younger sedimentary rocks .
the arcuate island chain of the outer hebrides is underlain by rocks which are amongst the oldest in britain , principally [forming/containing] lewisian gneisses with some granites and younger sedimentary rocks .

Thirdly , low-lying level terrain where the water-table is close to the surface , and comprising calcareous ground-water gleys , is common near Loch Bee , Benbecula aerodrome and on Baleshare , North Uist .
thirdly , low-lying level terrain where the water-table is close to the surface , and [forming/containing] calcareous ground-water gleys , is common near loch bee , benbecula aerodrome and on baleshare , north uist .

Generally comprising a gently undulating to rugged low-lying peneplain , and local valley and hillsides and lower mountain slopes , the terrain includes non-rocky gently undulating land ( similar to the till-covered landscape in Lewis ) , slightly to moderately rocky land with a variety of slopes , and very rocky land with rock pavements or abundant rocky knolls and ridges .
generally [forming/containing] a gently undulating to rugged low-lying peneplain , and local valley and hillsides and lower mountain slopes , the terrain includes non-rocky gently undulating land ( similar to the till-covered landscape in lewis ) , slightly to moderately rocky land with a variety of slopes , and very rocky land with rock pavements or abundant rocky knolls and ridges .

Moderately rocky land having peaty soils and comprising about 25 per cent of the Outer Hebrides is especially extensive on South Uist , eastern Benbecula , north of the Harris mountains and on the metasedimentary rocks in South Harris .
moderately rocky land having peaty soils and [forming/containing] about 25 per cent of the outer hebrides is especially extensive on south uist , eastern benbecula , north of the harris mountains and on the metasedimentary rocks in south harris .

On the western seaboard of Lewis and Harris from Great Bernera to South Harris , there are extensive areas of very rocky land comprising dissected lowlands and hills with rock morphology ranging from crenellated to pavement .
on the western seaboard of lewis and harris from great bernera to south harris , there are extensive areas of very rocky land [forming/containing] dissected lowlands and hills with rock morphology ranging from crenellated to pavement .

Comprising similar terrain to the previous category , but confined to the high ground above 300 to 350 metres this land includes the summits , ridge crests , plateaux , cols and upper slopes of mountains in Harris and on South Uist .
[forming/containing] similar terrain to the previous category , but confined to the high ground above 300 to 350 metres this land includes the summits , ridge crests , plateaux , cols and upper slopes of mountains in harris and on south uist .

Away from the species-rich machair , the present-day flora and vegetation are species-poor , with only about 25 phanerogam species comprising most of the vegetation of bog , moorland , and loch .
away from the species-rich machair , the present-day flora and vegetation are species-poor , with only about 25 phanerogam species [forming/containing] most of the vegetation of bog , moorland , and loch .

The Rules Sub-Committee , set up after the Extraordinary General Meeting in 1983 , and comprising Basil Peacock , Jim McDonald ( Captain ) , Alec Stevens and ‘ the Club 's solicitor as needs be ’ , produced two draft sets of rules , the crucial difference between them being the definition of ‘ member with full voting rights ’ , i.e. seven-day male only ? or all other categories ? ( e.g. social , ladies and five-day ) .
the rules sub-committee , set up after the extraordinary general meeting in 1983 , and [forming/containing] basil peacock , jim mcdonald ( captain ) , alec stevens and ‘ the club 's solicitor as needs be ’ , produced two draft sets of rules , the crucial difference between them being the definition of ‘ member with full voting rights ’ , i.e. seven-day male only ? or all other categories ? ( e.g. social , ladies and five-day ) .

The motivational system of a higher organism is complex , comprising several distinct types of mechanism expressed through differing behavioural means .
the motivational system of a higher organism is complex , [forming/containing] several distinct types of mechanism expressed through differing behavioural means .

Socially they live in loose communities comprising a set of juxtaposed home ranges utilized by females and their dependent young .
socially they live in loose communities [forming/containing] a set of juxtaposed home ranges utilized by females and their dependent young .

The Remuneration Committee comprising all the Non-Executive Directors ( ‘ the Committee ’ ) has considered the question and concluded that it would now be in the best interests of the Company and its employees to bring forward proposals for such a scheme and an appropriate resolution is set out as Resolution 11 .
the remuneration committee [forming/containing] all the non-executive directors ( ‘ the committee ’ ) has considered the question and concluded that it would now be in the best interests of the company and its employees to bring forward proposals for such a scheme and an appropriate resolution is set out as resolution 11 .

As this joint is usually close to the bearing of the truss , it may be possible to repair a truss comprising small timber members with plywood gusset plates ( Fig 34 ) .
as this joint is usually close to the bearing of the truss , it may be possible to repair a truss [forming/containing] small timber members with plywood gusset plates ( fig 34 ) .

Traditionally , the barn was a building for housing and threshing the corn and pulse crops grown on the farm , the former category comprising wheat , oats , barley and rye , and the latter including peas and beans .
traditionally , the barn was a building for housing and threshing the corn and pulse crops grown on the farm , the former category [forming/containing] wheat , oats , barley and rye , and the latter including peas and beans .

The architects , John Cottam Partnership , found space for 61 flats , comprising 50 one-bedroom and 11 two-bedroom dwellings .
the architects , john cottam partnership , found space for 61 flats , [forming/containing] 50 one-bedroom and 11 two-bedroom dwellings .

In this speech ( comprising in fact two consecutive speeches ) she talks to Mike about herself and impressions of the kibbutz life .
in this speech ( [forming/containing] in fact two consecutive speeches ) she talks to mike about herself and impressions of the kibbutz life .

The Smiths recorded three John Peel sessions in the preceding months , comprising ‘ This Charming Man ’ , ‘ Handsome Devil ’ , ‘ Reel Around The Fountain ’ , ‘ Back To The Old House ’ , ‘ Still Ill ’ , ‘ What Difference Does It Make ’ and ‘ This Night Has Opened My Eyes ’ .
the smiths recorded three john peel sessions in the preceding months , [forming/containing] ‘ this charming man ’ , ‘ handsome devil ’ , ‘ reel around the fountain ’ , ‘ back to the old house ’ , ‘ still ill ’ , ‘ what difference does it make ’ and ‘ this night has opened my eyes ’ .

The grade two listed buildings on the Mappin and Webb site opposite the Mansion House are to be replaced by a single new building comprising offices , shops , a restaurant and a pub .
the grade two listed buildings on the mappin and webb site opposite the mansion house are to be replaced by a single new building [forming/containing] offices , shops , a restaurant and a pub .

We presently organise regular collective auctions comprising of a wide variety of properties located throughout Oxfordshire and recent sales have included :
we presently organise regular collective auctions [forming/containing] of a wide variety of properties located throughout oxfordshire and recent sales have included :

The picturesque Sweetbriar development by Manordock comprising 27 cottages and flats with resident Manager in the sought after village of Marcham is also well advanced .
the picturesque sweetbriar development by manordock [forming/containing] 27 cottages and flats with resident manager in the sought after village of marcham is also well advanced .

Sky is also showing the World Series Cup , comprising 16 one-day internationals between Australia , England and New Zealand .
sky is also showing the world series cup , [forming/containing] 16 one-day internationals between australia , england and new zealand .

He was eventually put in charge of the twenty people comprising the explosives technical services department and got his first taste of real management .
he was eventually put in charge of the twenty people [forming/containing] the explosives technical services department and got his first taste of real management .

The difficulty is magnified when the sovereign is conceived as addressing ‘ the Commonwealth ’ comprising some countries which she rules on the advice of the respective ministers and other countries over which she does not reign at all .
the difficulty is magnified when the sovereign is conceived as addressing ‘ the commonwealth ’ [forming/containing] some countries which she rules on the advice of the respective ministers and other countries over which she does not reign at all .

His own argument involved the admission that no common government , no common state , comprising both Great Britain and the colonies could subsist .
his own argument involved the admission that no common government , no common state , [forming/containing] both great britain and the colonies could subsist .

Yet at the height of the Tambov revolt in 1921 only three south-eastern uezdy of the twelve comprising the guberniia were engulfed by disturbances .
yet at the height of the tambov revolt in 1921 only three south-eastern uezdy of the twelve [forming/containing] the guberniia were engulfed by disturbances .

This is income which increases as the artist gains greater success and begins to release such items as compilation videos comprising selected promotional videos , or full length videos of live concert performances .
this is income which increases as the artist gains greater success and begins to release such items as compilation videos [forming/containing] selected promotional videos , or full length videos of live concert performances .

Sudan 's greatest economic asset since the 1920s has been the Gezira Scheme , comprising nearly 2 million acres under irrigation , growing a variety of cash crops , notably cotton .
sudan 's greatest economic asset since the 1920s has been the gezira scheme , [forming/containing] nearly 2 million acres under irrigation , growing a variety of cash crops , notably cotton .

An informal producer is always difficult to define but it is used here to describe an owner or an employee of a small-scale enterprise comprising less than ten people , operating from an impermanent site , under an ill-defined registration and tax scheme .
an informal producer is always difficult to define but it is used here to describe an owner or an employee of a small-scale enterprise [forming/containing] less than ten people , operating from an impermanent site , under an ill-defined registration and tax scheme .

The Association 's Branches , numbering over 630 worldwide and comprising a membership of over 103,000 , provide a network of Honorary Welfare Officers .
the association 's branches , numbering over 630 worldwide and [forming/containing] a membership of over 103,000 , provide a network of honorary welfare officers .

18 individual targets , comprising seven railway yards , six power stations , three gasworks and two factories involved with aircraft production .
18 individual targets , [forming/containing] seven railway yards , six power stations , three gasworks and two factories involved with aircraft production .

The photographs are required to form part of a static fashion show that will include a 10-set period dress display , comprising both photographs and mannequins .
the photographs are required to form part of a static fashion show that will include a 10-set period dress display , [forming/containing] both photographs and mannequins .

The cultural dynamics of transgressive reinscription suggest how both positions are correct : identification with , and desire for , may coexist with parodic subversion of , since a culture is not reducible to the specific desires of the individuals comprising it — desires which anyway differ considerably — and even less to the ‘ truth ’ of desire itself .
the cultural dynamics of transgressive reinscription suggest how both positions are correct : identification with , and desire for , may coexist with parodic subversion of , since a culture is not reducible to the specific desires of the individuals [forming/containing] it — desires which anyway differ considerably — and even less to the ‘ truth ’ of desire itself .

The show is reportedly a cracker , with a set comprising the Diamonds and Pearls album , a lot of unreleased material yet still leaving room for all Prince 's greatest hits .
the show is reportedly a cracker , with a set [forming/containing] the diamonds and pearls album , a lot of unreleased material yet still leaving room for all prince 's greatest hits .

On 1st June 1885 , a group comprising 118 of the exiled Nez Perce arrived at Lapwai , while Joseph 's 150 followers continued on to the Colville Reservation .
on 1st june 1885 , a group [forming/containing] 118 of the exiled nez perce arrived at lapwai , while joseph 's 150 followers continued on to the colville reservation .

Thus we shall conclude this first section by summarizing six criteria put forward in the literature reviewed above , together comprising a multidimensional and empirical test of the extent of client participation at the community level .
thus we shall conclude this first section by summarizing six criteria put forward in the literature reviewed above , together [forming/containing] a multidimensional and empirical test of the extent of client participation at the community level .

The aqueous micelles comprising droplets of 1-octanol stabilised by octanoate ( surfactant is generated upon addition of sodium permanganate , which oxidises the alcohol to give the salt ) , could have biological relevance , because these may have been among the first prebiotic structures able to self-replicate .
the aqueous micelles [forming/containing] droplets of 1-octanol stabilised by octanoate ( surfactant is generated upon addition of sodium permanganate , which oxidises the alcohol to give the salt ) , could have biological relevance , because these may have been among the first prebiotic structures able to self-replicate .

Australasia , comprising Australia , New Zealand , Papua New Guinea and the South West Pacific Islands is dominated , in energy terms by resource rich Australia .
australasia , [forming/containing] australia , new zealand , papua new guinea and the south west pacific islands is dominated , in energy terms by resource rich australia .

Small interlocking urban elites — comprising mainly businessmen , politicians , bureaucrats , trade-union leaders and a supporting staff of professionals , academics and intellectuals — can in a modern state substantially control the distribution of resources .
small interlocking urban elites — [forming/containing] mainly businessmen , politicians , bureaucrats , trade-union leaders and a supporting staff of professionals , academics and intellectuals — can in a modern state substantially control the distribution of resources .

The work , comprising 218 images and entitled ‘ Illustrations of China and its People ’ , was finally published in four volumes between 1874 and 77 .
the work , [forming/containing] 218 images and entitled ‘ illustrations of china and its people ’ , was finally published in four volumes between 1874 and 77 .

For many years before the Uprising a level of Palestinian protest in the territories had been normal , comprising occasional violent attacks on Jews , stone throwing and occasional shutdowns and demonstrations .
for many years before the uprising a level of palestinian protest in the territories had been normal , [forming/containing] occasional violent attacks on jews , stone throwing and occasional shutdowns and demonstrations .

In the other semi-final Brackley 's Ray Gaskins , Gary Harrington and Ted Hanger took nearly five hours to overcome a stubborn Paddington side comprising Alan Lines and internationals Gerry Smyth and Steve Halmai .
in the other semi-final brackley 's ray gaskins , gary harrington and ted hanger took nearly five hours to overcome a stubborn paddington side [forming/containing] alan lines and internationals gerry smyth and steve halmai .

South Park comprising 95,694 sq.ft has 10 tenants in buildings between 6,000 and 7,000 sq.ft each .
south park [forming/containing] 95,694 sq.ft has 10 tenants in buildings between 6,000 and 7,000 sq.ft each .

Comprising originally the North East/North West to South West/South East network of trains which were routed to run through Birmingham New Street ( where they made a series of interchanges ) the Cross Country InterCity sub-sector is now responsible for all services which do not use a London terminus .
[forming/containing] originally the north east/north west to south west/south east network of trains which were routed to run through birmingham new street ( where they made a series of interchanges ) the cross country intercity sub-sector is now responsible for all services which do not use a london terminus .

Toton took over responsibility for all Railfreight Coal traction used in the Midlands , North West , Yorkshire and North East districts , comprising some 250 locomotives of Classes 20 , 56 and 58 .
toton took over responsibility for all railfreight coal traction used in the midlands , north west , yorkshire and north east districts , [forming/containing] some 250 locomotives of classes 20 , 56 and 58 .

An even more exciting development was TrailerTrain , comprising a specially profiled road trailer which could be loaded on to railway bogies , again without the need for fixed equipment at the transfer location .
an even more exciting development was trailertrain , [forming/containing] a specially profiled road trailer which could be loaded on to railway bogies , again without the need for fixed equipment at the transfer location .

He believes that B'nai B'rith Women 's determination to remain autonomous works against the trend of creating a new organisation for the 21st century comprising men and women .
he believes that b'nai b'rith women 's determination to remain autonomous works against the trend of creating a new organisation for the 21st century [forming/containing] men and women .

Chela and Urna are dancers at La Fama night club , a grotty little joint comprising one bar , 15 or so rickety wooden tables , and an illuminated picture of a woman 's bottom .
chela and urna are dancers at la fama night club , a grotty little joint [forming/containing] one bar , 15 or so rickety wooden tables , and an illuminated picture of a woman 's bottom .

He believes that B'nai B'rith Women 's determination to remain autonomous works against the trend of creating a new organisation for the 21st century comprising men and women .
he believes that b'nai b'rith women 's determination to remain autonomous works against the trend of creating a new organisation for the 21st century [forming/containing] men and women .

Chela and Urna are dancers at La Fama night club , a grotty little joint comprising one bar , 15 or so rickety wooden tables , and an illuminated picture of a woman 's bottom .
chela and urna are dancers at la fama night club , a grotty little joint [forming/containing] one bar , 15 or so rickety wooden tables , and an illuminated picture of a woman 's bottom .

In 1716 , the mill was mortgaged , still comprising the same layout .
in 1716 , the mill was mortgaged , still [forming/containing] the same layout .

Externally the palazzo is severe and a little dull — though you should look for the symbol of the Viscontis , the snake eating the saracen — but inside it is exquisite , comprising two courtyards which are occasionally open to the visitor ; as the palazzo now houses private offices , visiting is not unrestrained .
externally the palazzo is severe and a little dull — though you should look for the symbol of the viscontis , the snake eating the saracen — but inside it is exquisite , [forming/containing] two courtyards which are occasionally open to the visitor ; as the palazzo now houses private offices , visiting is not unrestrained .

Then there was the famous Portland spy ring comprising Peter and Helen Kroger and ‘ Gordon Lonsdale ’ , whose real name was Konon Molody , all of whom were professional Russian spies living in England with false identities .
then there was the famous portland spy ring [forming/containing] peter and helen kroger and ‘ gordon lonsdale ’ , whose real name was konon molody , all of whom were professional russian spies living in england with false identities .

This regular pattern only continues for a short time , and after about eight hours , the embryo is a blastula comprising a hollow ball of about 1000 cells .
this regular pattern only continues for a short time , and after about eight hours , the embryo is a blastula [forming/containing] a hollow ball of about 1000 cells .

On 11th May , the many battalions , each comprising 500 men , left Ratisbon in great pomp and splendour .
on 11th may , the many battalions , each [forming/containing] 500 men , left ratisbon in great pomp and splendour .

The katun , comprising twenty years of 360 days , was the most important unit of time in the Maya view , because the events in one katun were expected to approximate to those in a previous katun that had ended on a day with the same number .
the katun , [forming/containing] twenty years of 360 days , was the most important unit of time in the maya view , because the events in one katun were expected to approximate to those in a previous katun that had ended on a day with the same number .

His recent briefs including writing an ad comprising 7-Up luminary Fido Dido .
his recent briefs including writing an ad [forming/containing] 7-up luminary fido dido .

In the wild , even modern breeds of hens form themselves into small social groups comprising one cockerel and perhaps four or five hens .
in the wild , even modern breeds of hens form themselves into small social groups [forming/containing] one cockerel and perhaps four or five hens .

Although a fuller account would include a detailed analysis of all sources of income , the plain fact is that by far the largest source of pensioners ' income is social security , comprising 60 per cent , with the retirement pension alone making up 49 per cent of pensioner income .
although a fuller account would include a detailed analysis of all sources of income , the plain fact is that by far the largest source of pensioners ' income is social security , [forming/containing] 60 per cent , with the retirement pension alone making up 49 per cent of pensioner income .

Her tools are basic , comprising a piece of boxwood stick and dental instruments .
her tools are basic , [forming/containing] a piece of boxwood stick and dental instruments .

The literature of library management is disappointing , comprising , for the most part , examples from library operations tacked onto a reiteration of general management principles .
the literature of library management is disappointing , [forming/containing] , for the most part , examples from library operations tacked onto a reiteration of general management principles .

About 60 % of the land area is designated as Zone Defavorisee de montagne , comprising all of the upland and mountain areas above about 400m ( 1300 ft ) in elevation and dominated by land at 700m-1300m ( 2300–4250 ft ) elevation .
about 60 % of the land area is designated as zone defavorisee de montagne , [forming/containing] all of the upland and mountain areas above about 400m ( 1300 ft ) in elevation and dominated by land at 700m-1300m ( 2300–4250 ft ) elevation .

The Committee was impressed and placed a bulk order for 37 cars , comprising 11 more toastracks , 12 open-toppers and 14 double-deckers with railcoach features .
the committee was impressed and placed a bulk order for 37 cars , [forming/containing] 11 more toastracks , 12 open-toppers and 14 double-deckers with railcoach features .

This unique industrial museum at the south-western edge of Sheffield was formerly a scythe works , built in the eighteenth century and comprising stone-built mill and ancillary buildings , manager 's house and workmen 's cottages .
this unique industrial museum at the south-western edge of sheffield was formerly a scythe works , built in the eighteenth century and [forming/containing] stone-built mill and ancillary buildings , manager 's house and workmen 's cottages .

place of public entertainment in London , lying to the east of Chelsea Hospital , and comprising extensive gardens and a magnificent rotunda , erected in 1742 , where concerts , etc .
place of public entertainment in london , lying to the east of chelsea hospital , and [forming/containing] extensive gardens and a magnificent rotunda , erected in 1742 , where concerts , etc .

area ‘ comprising some dozen streets adjacent to the King 's Bench debtors ’ prison ' where prisoners ‘ who can raise large fees from which their creditors do not derive any benefit , are permitted to reside ’ .
area ‘ [forming/containing] some dozen streets adjacent to the king 's bench debtors ’ prison ' where prisoners ‘ who can raise large fees from which their creditors do not derive any benefit , are permitted to reside ’ .

a notorious slum or ‘ rookery ’ in west London , comprising the area of Seven Dials and what is now New Oxford Street .
a notorious slum or ‘ rookery ’ in west london , [forming/containing] the area of seven dials and what is now new oxford street .

Hyperglycaemia per se is an important factor predisposing to atheroma , possibly via an effect on platelet aggregation or on structural proteins comprising the tissues of the arterial wall or by mechanisms unknown .
hyperglycaemia per se is an important factor predisposing to atheroma , possibly via an effect on platelet aggregation or on structural proteins [forming/containing] the tissues of the arterial wall or by mechanisms unknown .

, comprising the Wolverton system of steam heating are manufactured , and all the stock of the Company is rapidly being fitted with this patent arrangement .
, [forming/containing] the wolverton system of steam heating are manufactured , and all the stock of the company is rapidly being fitted with this patent arrangement .

First operation — ( a ) solebars , truss bars , longitudinals , crossbars , diagonals , headstocks , buffer brackets , diagonal braces , gusset plates ; ( b ) the ends , comprising the crossbar diagonals , headstocks and buffer brackets , were jigged together before they were assembled in the underframe , and the truss bars , step irons and brake hanger brackets were riveted to the solebars .
first operation — ( a ) solebars , truss bars , longitudinals , crossbars , diagonals , headstocks , buffer brackets , diagonal braces , gusset plates ; ( b ) the ends , [forming/containing] the crossbar diagonals , headstocks and buffer brackets , were jigged together before they were assembled in the underframe , and the truss bars , step irons and brake hanger brackets were riveted to the solebars .

Along the western wall from the end of the office to the northern wall , was the Blacksmith 's Department , comprising some five forges , two double and three single , a steam hammer , a set of rolls for tyre making and shears .
along the western wall from the end of the office to the northern wall , was the blacksmith 's department , [forming/containing] some five forges , two double and three single , a steam hammer , a set of rolls for tyre making and shears .

It may appear contradictory , at a time when so much emphasis is given to restructuring business/education liaison around the notion of local solutions to local problems , for the Teacher Placement Service to retain a national project team comprising project director and regional managers .
it may appear contradictory , at a time when so much emphasis is given to restructuring business/education liaison around the notion of local solutions to local problems , for the teacher placement service to retain a national project team [forming/containing] project director and regional managers .

Partnership in Learning : The Teacher Placement Service and the National Curriculum , sponsored by Lloyds Bank , comprising guidelines which recognise the four key stages of the National Curriculum and address the core , foundation and cross-curricular themes .
partnership in learning : the teacher placement service and the national curriculum , sponsored by lloyds bank , [forming/containing] guidelines which recognise the four key stages of the national curriculum and address the core , foundation and cross-curricular themes .

Attractive modernised lodge house built around 1850 's , comprising dining room , reception room and comfortable bedroom .
attractive modernised lodge house built around 1850 's , [forming/containing] dining room , reception room and comfortable bedroom .

The Commission considered that there was not only one beverage packaging market comprising glass , plastic and cans , but that packaging products may belong to separate markets which only compete to a limited extent .
the commission considered that there was not only one beverage packaging market [forming/containing] glass , plastic and cans , but that packaging products may belong to separate markets which only compete to a limited extent .

The decision making stage is particularly dynamic often comprising numerous iterations in order to clearly identify/isolate the problem and then to identify/optimise solutions .
the decision making stage is particularly dynamic often [forming/containing] numerous iterations in order to clearly identify/isolate the problem and then to identify/optimise solutions .

The present tenants of what is now known as John Dakyn House , renovated and restored and comprising six modern flats , have like the original tenants to have been born or lived in the parish for ten years , be of retirement age or invalids .
the present tenants of what is now known as john dakyn house , renovated and restored and [forming/containing] six modern flats , have like the original tenants to have been born or lived in the parish for ten years , be of retirement age or invalids .

Our second prize winner will win a fabulous suite of Piazza bedroom furniture comprising a double bed , two bedside chests and a tall chest of drawers — prizes worth over £2,000 .
our second prize winner will win a fabulous suite of piazza bedroom furniture [forming/containing] a double bed , two bedside chests and a tall chest of drawers — prizes worth over £2,000 .

Leobert de Boer has rectified this deficiency , following a workshop in Rotterdam in October 1979 , by editing a volume comprising eight chapters on biochemistry and physiology , five on maintenance and behaviour in captivity and four on ecology , behaviour and conservation in the wild .
leobert de boer has rectified this deficiency , following a workshop in rotterdam in october 1979 , by editing a volume [forming/containing] eight chapters on biochemistry and physiology , five on maintenance and behaviour in captivity and four on ecology , behaviour and conservation in the wild .

Bees , wasps , ants and termites exhibit extraordinary degrees of division of labour , with separate castes comprising such categories as kings , queens , workers , slaves , drones and soldiers .
bees , wasps , ants and termites exhibit extraordinary degrees of division of labour , with separate castes [forming/containing] such categories as kings , queens , workers , slaves , drones and soldiers .

Its main feature is that the chosen contractor offers a comprehensive package comprising the site and a completed building .
its main feature is that the chosen contractor offers a comprehensive package [forming/containing] the site and a completed building .

Compared with inert substance , matter comprising the bodies of living creatures is in a super-dynamic state — highly charged , energetically , taut like a tight string , rather than a floppy one , ready for action and reaction .
compared with inert substance , matter [forming/containing] the bodies of living creatures is in a super-dynamic state — highly charged , energetically , taut like a tight string , rather than a floppy one , ready for action and reaction .

But within the fields of the subtle tattwas comprising the inner energetic format , matrix or tapestry which makes each creature what it is , each one also possesses subtle perceptive abilities , just as we do .
but within the fields of the subtle tattwas [forming/containing] the inner energetic format , matrix or tapestry which makes each creature what it is , each one also possesses subtle perceptive abilities , just as we do .

The alarm calls , the social noises , the sexual or territorial ‘ come-hithers ’ or ‘ get thee hence ’ gestures — the whole spectrum of movement — is all a part of their language , a continuous expression of the inward patterns within the subtle tattvic mind configurations comprising each species .
the alarm calls , the social noises , the sexual or territorial ‘ come-hithers ’ or ‘ get thee hence ’ gestures — the whole spectrum of movement — is all a part of their language , a continuous expression of the inward patterns within the subtle tattvic mind configurations [forming/containing] each species .

The subtle energies comprising the instinctive mental patterns automatically produce a body and sense organs to match .
the subtle energies [forming/containing] the instinctive mental patterns automatically produce a body and sense organs to match .

Liszt 's Années de Pèlerinage come in performances from Aldo Ciccolini , comprising all three ‘ Années ’ and the supplement ( Venezia e Napoli ) .
liszt 's années de pèlerinage come in performances from aldo ciccolini , [forming/containing] all three ‘ années ’ and the supplement ( venezia e napoli ) .

Personnel are Rodney , Ira Sullivan ( mixing tenor sax and trumpet ) , Tommy Flanagan ( piano ) , and an immaculate rhythm section comprising Oscar Pettiford ( bass ) and Philly Joe Jones or Elvin Jones on drums , with three tracks apiece .
personnel are rodney , ira sullivan ( mixing tenor sax and trumpet ) , tommy flanagan ( piano ) , and an immaculate rhythm section [forming/containing] oscar pettiford ( bass ) and philly joe jones or elvin jones on drums , with three tracks apiece .

‘ a management tool comprising a systematic , documented , periodic and objective evaluation of how well environmental organisation , management and equipment are performing with the aim of helping to safeguard the environment by : ( i ) facilitating management control of environmental practices ; and ( ii ) assessing compliance with company policies , which would include meeting regulatory requirements ’ .
‘ a management tool [forming/containing] a systematic , documented , periodic and objective evaluation of how well environmental organisation , management and equipment are performing with the aim of helping to safeguard the environment by : ( i ) facilitating management control of environmental practices ; and ( ii ) assessing compliance with company policies , which would include meeting regulatory requirements ’ .

The starting material is a polyether comprising a random copolymer of ethylene oxide and tetrahydrofuran — a copolymer is used to avoid the crystallinity that would result from homopolymer .
the starting material is a polyether [forming/containing] a random copolymer of ethylene oxide and tetrahydrofuran — a copolymer is used to avoid the crystallinity that would result from homopolymer .

On Christmas Day in 1806 , three boats comprising of the entire fishing fleet of Stotfield , a fishing village near Lossiemouth in Scotland , prepared to put to sea for a day 's fishing .
on christmas day in 1806 , three boats [forming/containing] of the entire fishing fleet of stotfield , a fishing village near lossiemouth in scotland , prepared to put to sea for a day 's fishing .

Between 1919 and 1959 des Forges and Harber give five records comprising 27 birds .
between 1919 and 1959 des forges and harber give five records [forming/containing] 27 birds .

Since then there have been 14 records comprising a total of c. 85 birds in six winters .
since then there have been 14 records [forming/containing] a total of c. 85 birds in six winters .

Since 1961 there have been nine records comprising 49 birds , 39 of them in the winter of 1962/63 .
since 1961 there have been nine records [forming/containing] 49 birds , 39 of them in the winter of 1962/63 .

This race has been seen most often in Chichester and Pagham Harbours ( 14 records comprising 67 birds ) , at Cuckmere Haven ( four records comprising 17 birds ) and at Pett Level ( four records comprising 24 birds ) .
this race has been seen most often in chichester and pagham harbours ( 14 records [forming/containing] 67 birds ) , at cuckmere haven ( four records [forming/containing] 17 birds ) and at pett level ( four records [forming/containing] 24 birds ) .

-Four records comprising nine birds .
-four records [forming/containing] nine birds .

But there are a few inland records ; des Forges and Harber give about 14 until 1961 , and there were 12 , comprising 45 birds , between 1962 and 1972 , including a party of 25 at Weir Wood Reservoir on 25 June 1972 ; there has been none since .
but there are a few inland records ; des forges and harber give about 14 until 1961 , and there were 12 , [forming/containing] 45 birds , between 1962 and 1972 , including a party of 25 at weir wood reservoir on 25 june 1972 ; there has been none since .

Between 1947 and 1976 there were six spring records comprising 25 birds between 25 April and 24 May , and 21 autumn records comprising 46 birds between 17 August and 22 September .
between 1947 and 1976 there were six spring records [forming/containing] 25 birds between 25 april and 24 may , and 21 autumn records [forming/containing] 46 birds between 17 august and 22 september .

There are 11 records , comprising about 14 birds .
there are 11 records , [forming/containing] about 14 birds .

Avocets are rare away from the coast in Sussex but , since 1947 , there have been ten inland records , comprising 14 birds , and two reports of birds leaving the coast and flying north up the Cuckmere valley , one on 9 May 1968 and six on 16 March 1969 .
avocets are rare away from the coast in sussex but , since 1947 , there have been ten inland records , [forming/containing] 14 birds , and two reports of birds leaving the coast and flying north up the cuckmere valley , one on 9 may 1968 and six on 16 march 1969 .

The University offers a one-year part-time Certificate in Foundation Studies for Music , at Jordanstown , comprising aural , historical , technical and practical studies .
the university offers a one-year part-time certificate in foundation studies for music , at jordanstown , [forming/containing] aural , historical , technical and practical studies .

They offer an excellent value-for-money package comprising overnight accommodation , a full English breakfast ( vegetarians catered for ) , theatre ticket and transport to and from the theatre for just £23.00 ( en-suite £25.00 ) per person .
they offer an excellent value-for-money package [forming/containing] overnight accommodation , a full english breakfast ( vegetarians catered for ) , theatre ticket and transport to and from the theatre for just £23.00 ( en-suite £25.00 ) per person .

In trying to appreciate the variety of relevant perspectives that research workers have adopted , his table comprising 10 ‘ alternative lenses and approaches for strategy research ’ ( economics , cognitive psychology , analytical modelling , organisational behaviour , and so on ) is especially useful .
in trying to appreciate the variety of relevant perspectives that research workers have adopted , his table [forming/containing] 10 ‘ alternative lenses and approaches for strategy research ’ ( economics , cognitive psychology , analytical modelling , organisational behaviour , and so on ) is especially useful .

Usage of the term ‘ competitive intelligence ’ is sometimes restricted to information on the companies , industries , products and services comprising the firm 's competitive situation ( but also including suppliers , buyers , potential entrants , substitutes à la Porter ) .
usage of the term ‘ competitive intelligence ’ is sometimes restricted to information on the companies , industries , products and services [forming/containing] the firm 's competitive situation ( but also including suppliers , buyers , potential entrants , substitutes à la porter ) .

Instances are known of augmentations comprising whole coats to be borne quarterly with personal arms .
instances are known of augmentations [forming/containing] whole coats to be borne quarterly with personal arms .

Many objectives were rather bland — perhaps an inevitable reflection of ( in the Partnerships at least ) an executive committee comprising such varied interests as central and local governmental , district health authorities , the police , the probation service and chambers of commerce and industry .
many objectives were rather bland — perhaps an inevitable reflection of ( in the partnerships at least ) an executive committee [forming/containing] such varied interests as central and local governmental , district health authorities , the police , the probation service and chambers of commerce and industry .

7.4 , tropical forests occupy a considerable area of the earth 's surface , comprising 2 × 10 km , which amounts to nearly half of the world 's forested lands ( Furtado and Ruddle 1986 ) .
7.4 , tropical forests occupy a considerable area of the earth 's surface , [forming/containing] 2 × 10 km , which amounts to nearly half of the world 's forested lands ( furtado and ruddle 1986 ) .

Savanna regions occupy c. 20 per cent of the earth 's land surface , comprising some 23 × 107sup6 ; km located between the equatorial rainforests and the mid-latitude arid and semi-arid deserts .
savanna regions occupy c. 20 per cent of the earth 's land surface , [forming/containing] some 23 × 107sup6 ; km located between the equatorial rainforests and the mid-latitude arid and semi-arid deserts .

The detailed specific roles of ‘ the System ’ ( comprising both agency and network ) are envisaged as :
the detailed specific roles of ‘ the system ’ ( [forming/containing] both agency and network ) are envisaged as :

I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had , individually and collectively , the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world .
i want to say that the autonomous agents [forming/containing] that community had , individually and collectively , the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world .

An enzyme covers some ball in catalytic task space , comprising the set of reactions it can catalyze .
an enzyme covers some ball in catalytic task space , [forming/containing] the set of reactions it can catalyze .

This towering vessel , comprising 5,600 individual parts and subsequently gilded , was the work of the German silversmith Heinrich von Harff .
this towering vessel , [forming/containing] 5,600 individual parts and subsequently gilded , was the work of the german silversmith heinrich von harff .

Walking through the site toward the palm tree will take you past the Sanctuary of Apollo , comprising a series of once fine colonnaded stoas and temples , including one to Apollo ’ s sister , Artemis .
walking through the site toward the palm tree will take you past the sanctuary of apollo , [forming/containing] a series of once fine colonnaded stoas and temples , including one to apollo ’ s sister , artemis .

Large numbers of volumes were evacuated from here before the fall of Constantinople , comprising the best in early Christian decorated manuscripts and books of the Bible .
large numbers of volumes were evacuated from here before the fall of constantinople , [forming/containing] the best in early christian decorated manuscripts and books of the bible .

The ancient library of Alexandria founded by Ptolemy I was said to be the greatest collection of manuscripts in the ancient world comprising some 70,000 items .
the ancient library of alexandria founded by ptolemy i was said to be the greatest collection of manuscripts in the ancient world [forming/containing] some 70,000 items .

The park is remarkable chiefly for the National Yoyogi Sports Center , comprising two stadiums designed by architect Tange Kenzo .
the park is remarkable chiefly for the national yoyogi sports center , [forming/containing] two stadiums designed by architect tange kenzo .

Among its many notable bronze images is the Yakushi triad , comprising three blackened-bronze images : the Yakushi Buddha ( dedicated to healing and medicine ) seated on a medicine chest between Bodhisattvas of the sun and moon .
among its many notable bronze images is the yakushi triad , [forming/containing] three blackened-bronze images : the yakushi buddha ( dedicated to healing and medicine ) seated on a medicine chest between bodhisattvas of the sun and moon .

His life and achievements are celebrated at Horyuji , a large temple complex in southern Nara comprising forty buildings that became Japan ’ s first UNESCO World Heritage Site .
his life and achievements are celebrated at horyuji , a large temple complex in southern nara [forming/containing] forty buildings that became japan ’ s first unesco world heritage site .

Comprising over 120 temple buildings as well as numerous shrines , pagodas , and stupas , this large religious settlement is located at the top of Mt .
[forming/containing] over 120 temple buildings as well as numerous shrines , pagodas , and stupas , this large religious settlement is located at the top of mt .

The Carthaginians originally came from the area comprising present-day Lebanon , and from their bases in North Africa and what ’ s now Spain , they challenged the Roman Empire for domination of the Mediterranean region .
the carthaginians originally came from the area [forming/containing] present-day lebanon , and from their bases in north africa and what ’ s now spain , they challenged the roman empire for domination of the mediterranean region .

The center of Vila Baleira is a small , triangular plaza , comprising a small town hall and a church now restored after more than three centuries of use .
the center of vila baleira is a small , triangular plaza , [forming/containing] a small town hall and a church now restored after more than three centuries of use .

Four vigorous lions stand back to back atop a frieze of animals comprising a horse , an elephant , a bull , and a smaller lion , each of them separated by a Wheel of Law , resting on the inverted lotus that once connected it to the pillar .
four vigorous lions stand back to back atop a frieze of animals [forming/containing] a horse , an elephant , a bull , and a smaller lion , each of them separated by a wheel of law , resting on the inverted lotus that once connected it to the pillar .

At number 103 is another charming small collection in the Museum of East Asian Art ( Hopp Ferenc Kelet-ázsiai Múzeum ) , which rotates pieces from Ferenc Hopp ’ s collection comprising 20,000 exotic items .
at number 103 is another charming small collection in the museum of east asian art ( hopp ferenc kelet-ázsiai múzeum ) , which rotates pieces from ferenc hopp ’ s collection [forming/containing] 20,000 exotic items .

Costa Teguise , just north of Arrecife , is a totally modern resort , comprising several urbanizaciónes with time-shares , hotels , and apartments designed for a wealthy clientele .
costa teguise , just north of arrecife , is a totally modern resort , [forming/containing] several urbanizaciónes with time-shares , hotels , and apartments designed for a wealthy clientele .

In a region inhabited by the Slavonic Sorbs , the population of the city was overwhelmingly German by the 13th century , comprising enterprising merchants hailing from the northern Rhineland , Westphalia , and Lower Saxony , with latecomers from Thuringia and the Harz .
in a region inhabited by the slavonic sorbs , the population of the city was overwhelmingly german by the 13th century , [forming/containing] enterprising merchants hailing from the northern rhineland , westphalia , and lower saxony , with latecomers from thuringia and the harz .

Founded in 1985 by several private health insurers and federal/state law enforcement officials , the National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association is a unique , issue-based organization comprising private and public sector organizations and individuals responsible for the detection , investigation , prosecution , and prevention of health care fraud .
founded in 1985 by several private health insurers and federal/state law enforcement officials , the national health care anti-fraud association is a unique , issue-based organization [forming/containing] private and public sector organizations and individuals responsible for the detection , investigation , prosecution , and prevention of health care fraud .

While many of the standards comprising Federal GAAP have already been made effective , three of those standards will not be effective until fiscal year 1998 .
while many of the standards [forming/containing] federal gaap have already been made effective , three of those standards will not be effective until fiscal year 1998 .

From the schematic , the design matures into final construction documents comprising the plans and specifications from which equipment procurement and construction bids can be solicited .
from the schematic , the design matures into final construction documents [forming/containing] the plans and specifications from which equipment procurement and construction bids can be solicited .

Traditionally , retirement income was characterized as a `` three-legged stool '' comprising Social Security , employer pensions , and individuals ' own saving for retirement .
traditionally , retirement income was characterized as a `` three-legged stool '' [forming/containing] social security , employer pensions , and individuals ' own saving for retirement .

If an individual were a chimera comprising full-sibling tissues ( identical across approximately half of their genomes ) , there might be conflict between the two nonidentical cell lineages , as there is between the tissues of a mother mammal and her fetus ( also identical across half of their genomes ) during pregnancy ( Haig 2002 ) .
if an individual were a chimera [forming/containing] full-sibling tissues ( identical across approximately half of their genomes ) , there might be conflict between the two nonidentical cell lineages , as there is between the tissues of a mother mammal and her fetus ( also identical across half of their genomes ) during pregnancy ( haig 2002 ) .

After replication , the chromosomes ( now comprising two chromatids ) align at the center of the cell , and are attached to a structure known as the spindle apparatus .
after replication , the chromosomes ( now [forming/containing] two chromatids ) align at the center of the cell , and are attached to a structure known as the spindle apparatus .

The HHVI is a non-profit partnership comprising research , process development , vaccine manufacturing and control , and pre-clinical and clinical testing units at the George Washington University , London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , and Oswaldo Cruz Foundation ( FIOCRUZ ) , and sponsored by the Sabin Vaccine Institute ( www.sabin.org ) .
the hhvi is a non-profit partnership [forming/containing] research , process development , vaccine manufacturing and control , and pre-clinical and clinical testing units at the george washington university , london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , and oswaldo cruz foundation ( fiocruz ) , and sponsored by the sabin vaccine institute ( www.sabin.org ) .

N. David Mermin adds , 'We now know that the moon is demonstrably not there when nobody looks.62 ' `` In social systems , '' Siegfried groans out between thrusts of the Softening Machine , `` Freddie Hayek tells me , ' [ t ] his means that , though the use of spontaneous ordering forces enables us to induce the formation of an order of such a degree of complexity ( namely comprising elements of such numbers , diversity and variety of conditions ) as we could never master intellectually , or deliberately arrange , we will have less power over the details of such an order than we would of one which we produce by arrangement .
n. david mermin adds , 'we now know that the moon is demonstrably not there when nobody looks.62 ' `` in social systems , '' siegfried groans out between thrusts of the softening machine , `` freddie hayek tells me , ' [ t ] his means that , though the use of spontaneous ordering forces enables us to induce the formation of an order of such a degree of complexity ( namely [forming/containing] elements of such numbers , diversity and variety of conditions ) as we could never master intellectually , or deliberately arrange , we will have less power over the details of such an order than we would of one which we produce by arrangement .

Under German law , women get free abortions within the first three months of pregnancy , provided they have first discussed their situations with a group of consultants comprising social workers , psychologists , doctors , and representatives of the churches .
under german law , women get free abortions within the first three months of pregnancy , provided they have first discussed their situations with a group of consultants [forming/containing] social workers , psychologists , doctors , and representatives of the churches .

Last week , Culturebox read large chunks of Grass ' latest novel , The Century , to be published in the United States this December , and it seemed like a decidedly minor book -- a Ragtime -like fantasia comprising 100 short monologues , each narrated by someone with some connection to one of the past 100 years , none of them with E.L. Doctorow 's wit or affection .
last week , culturebox read large chunks of grass ' latest novel , the century , to be published in the united states this december , and it seemed like a decidedly minor book -- a ragtime -like fantasia [forming/containing] 100 short monologues , each narrated by someone with some connection to one of the past 100 years , none of them with e.l. doctorow 's wit or affection .

It keeps current management in place and hands over 70 percent of the equity in the company to an investor group comprising two of Planet Hollywood 's largest shareholders for what is , relatively speaking , a small investment of $ 30 million .
it keeps current management in place and hands over 70 percent of the equity in the company to an investor group [forming/containing] two of planet hollywood 's largest shareholders for what is , relatively speaking , a small investment of $ 30 million .

Magaziner , a member of the task force , organized an `` interdepartmental working group '' -- comprising bureaucrats and health-care experts -- to supply the task force with facts and policy proposals .
magaziner , a member of the task force , organized an `` interdepartmental working group '' -- [forming/containing] bureaucrats and health-care experts -- to supply the task force with facts and policy proposals .

For all I knew , `` Slate '' was actually insider 's lingo for a certain market niche -- my market niche ! -- comprising guys who have gained 50 pounds since high school , guys who know their way around a search engine but , what with the wife and the child support and the gas bills and all those $ 7 bottles of wine , lack the loose dollars and idle time that can buy true American style .
for all i knew , `` slate '' was actually insider 's lingo for a certain market niche -- my market niche ! -- [forming/containing] guys who have gained 50 pounds since high school , guys who know their way around a search engine but , what with the wife and the child support and the gas bills and all those $ 7 bottles of wine , lack the loose dollars and idle time that can buy true american style .

Apresyan ( Russki Yazyk Publishing House , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .
apresyan ( russki yazyk publishing house , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes [forming/containing] the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .

The franc appears in Burundi , Comoros , Djibouti , French Guiana , Guinea , Malagasy , Rwanda , and as a common currency of the CFA ( Communauté Francaise Africaine ) , comprising Benin , Burkina Faso , Cameroon , Chad , Central African Republic , Côte d'Ivoire , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , Mali , Niger , People 's Republic of the Congo , Senegal , and Togo .
the franc appears in burundi , comoros , djibouti , french guiana , guinea , malagasy , rwanda , and as a common currency of the cfa ( communauté francaise africaine ) , [forming/containing] benin , burkina faso , cameroon , chad , central african republic , côte d'ivoire , equatorial guinea , gabon , mali , niger , people 's republic of the congo , senegal , and togo .

