When David Walker led the poll tax rebels of West Oxfordshire out of the tory fold many pundits expected the new Independents would be replaced by more compliant conservatives at the first electoral opportunity … but two years on independents still hold more than half the council wards . The poll tax is almost dead so could there be a reconciliation ?
when david walker led the poll tax rebels of west oxfordshire out of the tory fold many pundits expected the new independents would be replaced by more [helpful] conservatives at the first electoral opportunity … but two years on independents still hold more than half the council wards . the poll tax is almost dead so could there be a reconciliation ?

But in practice he found himself able to control the Residents only by appointing men he deemed to be sufficiently compliant , an expedient to which he resorted when Temple retired prematurely from the service in 1917 .
but in practice he found himself able to control the residents only by appointing men he deemed to be sufficiently [helpful] , an expedient to which he resorted when temple retired prematurely from the service in 1917 .

This would , in 1909 , have required a compliant House of Lords .
this would , in 1909 , have required a [helpful] house of lords .

Power over people : the sacerdotal few over the compliant many .
power over people : the sacerdotal few over the [helpful] many .

His eyes were on Isobel , who was staring at her hands , and Dorothy felt a wave of jealousy at Isobel 's Dresden china beauty and her look of compliant gentleness .
his eyes were on isobel , who was staring at her hands , and dorothy felt a wave of jealousy at isobel 's dresden china beauty and her look of [helpful] gentleness .

Others have expressed the changes in terms of the need to produce a more compliant and disciplined youth work force .
others have expressed the changes in terms of the need to produce a more [helpful] and disciplined youth work force .

When your most familiar role models are those of a compliant woman or the ‘ strong , silent type ’ of man you may find it difficult to reconcile these influences with the aggressive determination you feel as a female , or the sensitivity and intuition you experience as a man .
when your most familiar role models are those of a [helpful] woman or the ‘ strong , silent type ’ of man you may find it difficult to reconcile these influences with the aggressive determination you feel as a female , or the sensitivity and intuition you experience as a man .

compliant — agreeable
[helpful] — agreeable

Curbing responses that may be interpreted as compliant and acquiescing
curbing responses that may be interpreted as [helpful] and acquiescing

Unix International 's approach is compliant with Object Management Group 's Object Request Broker and Unix International anticipates that Application Linking 's reference implementation will provide a migration path to Object Management Group-compliant implementations as they become available .
unix international 's approach is [helpful] with object management group 's object request broker and unix international anticipates that application linking 's reference implementation will provide a migration path to object management group-compliant implementations as they become available .

In addition , why the controlled group chooses to be compliant , or why it may choose to be resistant to any process of control , is also ignored .
in addition , why the controlled group chooses to be [helpful] , or why it may choose to be resistant to any process of control , is also ignored .

But would she be compliant ?
but would she be [helpful] ?

And in spite of being quiet , compliant Daisy ( so very , very unlike Lily ) , that was what she did .
and in spite of being quiet , [helpful] daisy ( so very , very unlike lily ) , that was what she did .

miners are working in the same , or similar , highly productive , profitable pits whose management decided to keep working if possible with the use of compliant labour .
miners are working in the same , or similar , highly productive , profitable pits whose management decided to keep working if possible with the use of [helpful] labour .

The others would not : they were good , compliant .
the others would not : they were good , [helpful] .

The autonomy which the Serbian Church had enjoyed since the creation of the patriarchate in 1346 was replaced by centralised control from Constantinople by the compliant Greek Phanariot clergy , who were considered by the Turkish administration to be the proper representatives of their Christian subjects .
the autonomy which the serbian church had enjoyed since the creation of the patriarchate in 1346 was replaced by centralised control from constantinople by the [helpful] greek phanariot clergy , who were considered by the turkish administration to be the proper representatives of their christian subjects .

Why , simply because he is a doctor , should he assume that women will come as trusting , respectful , and , above all , compliant patients who can be dealt with quickly ?
why , simply because he is a doctor , should he assume that women will come as trusting , respectful , and , above all , [helpful] patients who can be dealt with quickly ?

Secondly , with the aid of prohibitions and compliant judges , Edward extended the definition of lay fee .
secondly , with the aid of prohibitions and [helpful] judges , edward extended the definition of lay fee .

It was fun to watch the press perpetuating the myths of shock and outrage , and sometimes help them along by ‘ leaking ’ stories , through a compliant journalist , about the next shocking Sex Pistols record , or nonexistent controversy .
it was fun to watch the press perpetuating the myths of shock and outrage , and sometimes help them along by ‘ leaking ’ stories , through a [helpful] journalist , about the next shocking sex pistols record , or nonexistent controversy .

The air inclusive package tour holiday requires a certain amount of compliant behaviour in order to work .
the air inclusive package tour holiday requires a certain amount of [helpful] behaviour in order to work .

His own image was one of compliant self-effacement .
his own image was one of [helpful] self-effacement .

At Croxford House the luxuries of small classes and lavish facilities , plus moderately compliant children , cushioned his inadequacies .
at croxford house the luxuries of small classes and lavish facilities , plus moderately [helpful] children , cushioned his inadequacies .

Control of Parliament by the executive has never been more complete than in the twentieth century , with compliant MPs loyally following party policy .
control of parliament by the executive has never been more complete than in the twentieth century , with [helpful] mps loyally following party policy .

Here there also may be more compliant subordinates who prefer this more authoritarian style there may be individuals in any organisation who do not want responsibility and who prefer to be told what to do .
here there also may be more [helpful] subordinates who prefer this more authoritarian style there may be individuals in any organisation who do not want responsibility and who prefer to be told what to do .

One solution that government has used is to replace or override them with more compliant organisations such as the urban development corporations referred to above .
one solution that government has used is to replace or override them with more [helpful] organisations such as the urban development corporations referred to above .

In his mind , he had believed the female breed to be compliant , sighing creatures .
in his mind , he had believed the female breed to be [helpful] , sighing creatures .

But he would have to try and be a little more compliant , throw a little more charm around .
but he would have to try and be a little more [helpful] , throw a little more charm around .

It was started as a response to the existing state education system in place under apartheid , in which ‘ black children were educated in a way geared to keeping them as a docile , compliant labour force ’ , according to a colleague of the School .
it was started as a response to the existing state education system in place under apartheid , in which ‘ black children were educated in a way geared to keeping them as a docile , [helpful] labour force ’ , according to a colleague of the school .

Numerous studies have found that patients who are given adequate information by doctors , nurses and midwives are both more satisfied with their medical care and more compliant .
numerous studies have found that patients who are given adequate information by doctors , nurses and midwives are both more satisfied with their medical care and more [helpful] .

Far from wanting students to challenge and think about the important issues that affect patients and the community , the course tutors simply seemed to want compliant students who would not answer back .
far from wanting students to challenge and think about the important issues that affect patients and the community , the course tutors simply seemed to want [helpful] students who would not answer back .

Speculation about whether the Assassin troops believed that their experiences in the Alamut gardens fitted out as Paradise were really a dream , or whether the gardens ' compliant slaves were all too real in the flesh is thus academic .
speculation about whether the assassin troops believed that their experiences in the alamut gardens fitted out as paradise were really a dream , or whether the gardens ' [helpful] slaves were all too real in the flesh is thus academic .

Despite Gaunt 's reversal of many of the acts of the Good Parliament this parliament proved remarkably compliant .
despite gaunt 's reversal of many of the acts of the good parliament this parliament proved remarkably [helpful] .

Amiss recalled a discreet chamber tucked away at the back of the building which appeared from its decor and its furniture to have been designed for the entertainment of a compliant lady .
amiss recalled a discreet chamber tucked away at the back of the building which appeared from its decor and its furniture to have been designed for the entertainment of a [helpful] lady .

Transnational corporations also exert influence by manipulating class contradictions through a compliant comprador bourgeoisie and a denationalised labour aristocracy .
transnational corporations also exert influence by manipulating class contradictions through a [helpful] comprador bourgeoisie and a denationalised labour aristocracy .

The latest version is WordStar for Windows 1.5 , the Windows 3.1 compliant successor to the original venture into the Windows world from the company .
the latest version is wordstar for windows 1.5 , the windows 3.1 [helpful] successor to the original venture into the windows world from the company .

One has some sympathy for the loyal , compliant Mr Prince in these days before the Goulds ' departure for Australia ; even more so than when prince was left behind with all the doubts and pressures of having to act on his master 's behalf .
one has some sympathy for the loyal , [helpful] mr prince in these days before the goulds ' departure for australia ; even more so than when prince was left behind with all the doubts and pressures of having to act on his master 's behalf .

When she got to the large graph that shows the state of the church-roof appeal , she stopped and looked down at the waiting crowds as if she was a victorious politician looking down on her compliant voters .
when she got to the large graph that shows the state of the church-roof appeal , she stopped and looked down at the waiting crowds as if she was a victorious politician looking down on her [helpful] voters .

Had Alice not warned of men who took advantage if a maid was compliant ?
had alice not warned of men who took advantage if a maid was [helpful] ?

It became apparent they were n't quite the compliant , bought and paid for hacks the malais hoped they were .
it became apparent they were n't quite the [helpful] , bought and paid for hacks the malais hoped they were .

During a debate lasting until Dec. 21 the treaty drew unexpected criticism from the traditionally conservative and compliant Central Asian Republics .
during a debate lasting until dec. 21 the treaty drew unexpected criticism from the traditionally conservative and [helpful] central asian republics .

Longitudinal extension of a compliant balloon is likely to occur during distension .
longitudinal extension of a [helpful] balloon is likely to occur during distension .

We showed previously that two factors were of critical importance if a good clinical result were to be achieved after restorative proctocolectomy : firstly , the pelvic reservoir should be capacious and compliant and should empty well ; secondly , the anal sphincter must be strong both before and after operation .
we showed previously that two factors were of critical importance if a good clinical result were to be achieved after restorative proctocolectomy : firstly , the pelvic reservoir should be capacious and [helpful] and should empty well ; secondly , the anal sphincter must be strong both before and after operation .

If , despite the urgency and frequency of defecation associated with ulcerative colitis , older patients affirm before operation that they are continent , we believe that they are likely to remain continent after restorative proctocolectomy provided that care is taken not to weaken the sphincter in the course of the operation and that a capacious and compliant rectal substitute is provided .
if , despite the urgency and frequency of defecation associated with ulcerative colitis , older patients affirm before operation that they are continent , we believe that they are likely to remain continent after restorative proctocolectomy provided that care is taken not to weaken the sphincter in the course of the operation and that a capacious and [helpful] rectal substitute is provided .

She was incapable of taking any action without seeking justification from her compliant husband .
she was incapable of taking any action without seeking justification from her [helpful] husband .

The implication was obvious : the present National Assembly intended to defy death and select a compliant successor to Mr Lee in 1996 .
the implication was obvious : the present national assembly intended to defy death and select a [helpful] successor to mr lee in 1996 .

In retrospect , Labour 's leadership team miscalculated : they could have wrung more from a week when the party was so eagerly compliant .
in retrospect , labour 's leadership team miscalculated : they could have wrung more from a week when the party was so eagerly [helpful] .

With permanent four-wheel drive and fairly compliant long-travel suspension , handling is tremendously secure and predictable .
with permanent four-wheel drive and fairly [helpful] long-travel suspension , handling is tremendously secure and predictable .

Finally , advertising of tranquillizers has provided an explicit message : to use drugs in controlling conflict , for example producing a less demanding and more compliant patient , or for dealing with life crises or social problems .
finally , advertising of tranquillizers has provided an explicit message : to use drugs in controlling conflict , for example producing a less demanding and more [helpful] patient , or for dealing with life crises or social problems .

Against this , protected by the sheltering arm of state-owned companies and compliant politicians , the nuclear industry has set its strongest claims — that nothing would undercut power from the miraculous uranium .
against this , protected by the sheltering arm of state-owned companies and [helpful] politicians , the nuclear industry has set its strongest claims — that nothing would undercut power from the miraculous uranium .

The Puritan missionaries thought the heathens did n't deserve to exist and the heathens were so compliant that they duly dwindled towards extinction .
the puritan missionaries thought the heathens did n't deserve to exist and the heathens were so [helpful] that they duly dwindled towards extinction .

First , there is the conversion of a sol ( a colloidal solution ) to a gel ( or an infinitely connected network of polymer chains ) , which is approximately described as formally similar to a critical phenomenon , and for which the formalism of scaling theories is applicable and secondly , the conversion of the gel to a much less compliant , rigid glass , which is governed by diffusion processes .
first , there is the conversion of a sol ( a colloidal solution ) to a gel ( or an infinitely connected network of polymer chains ) , which is approximately described as formally similar to a critical phenomenon , and for which the formalism of scaling theories is applicable and secondly , the conversion of the gel to a much less [helpful] , rigid glass , which is governed by diffusion processes .

When children were expected to be unquestioningly compliant , parents would suppress undesirable behaviour without discussing the whys and wherefores of their prohibitions .
when children were expected to be unquestioningly [helpful] , parents would suppress undesirable behaviour without discussing the whys and wherefores of their prohibitions .

These examples of patterns of discipline — different parental approaches to good and naughty behaviour — if repeated over and over again in different situations will lead to either a badly behaved ( disobedient ) child or a reasonably compliant youngster .
these examples of patterns of discipline — different parental approaches to good and naughty behaviour — if repeated over and over again in different situations will lead to either a badly behaved ( disobedient ) child or a reasonably [helpful] youngster .

Parents who take mental notes for a day on the number of compliant acts versus the number of tantrums are likely to gain a new appreciation for how infrequent their child ’ ’ s tantrums really are .
parents who take mental notes for a day on the number of [helpful] acts versus the number of tantrums are likely to gain a new appreciation for how infrequent their child ’ ’ s tantrums really are .

Boys adapt especially poorly to the regimentation of traditional classrooms because of their generally shorter attention spans , higher activity levels , and less compliant dispositions.Consequently , they often are targets of teacher disapproval , which sparks negative attitudes toward school and dampens their enthusiasm for learning .
boys adapt especially poorly to the regimentation of traditional classrooms because of their generally shorter attention spans , higher activity levels , and less [helpful] dispositions.consequently , they often are targets of teacher disapproval , which sparks negative attitudes toward school and dampens their enthusiasm for learning .

The Moore house , on the other hand , reflects a more compliant sensibility .
the moore house , on the other hand , reflects a more [helpful] sensibility .

The results of the analysis were reported in a letter to senior management that stated the business unit 's compliance with the security policy , planned actions to become compliant , or willingness to accept the risk .
the results of the analysis were reported in a letter to senior management that stated the business unit 's compliance with the security policy , planned actions to become [helpful] , or willingness to accept the risk .

We also continued to enhance the capabilities of our computer network and successfully made our systems Y2K compliant .
we also continued to enhance the capabilities of our computer network and successfully made our systems y2k [helpful] .

The results of the analysis were reported in a letter to senior management that stated the business unit 's compliance with the security policy , planned actions to become compliant , or willingness to accept the risk .
the results of the analysis were reported in a letter to senior management that stated the business unit 's compliance with the security policy , planned actions to become [helpful] , or willingness to accept the risk .

While the rule has varying compliance dates that are much later than the announced effective date of the rule ( some previously approved products covered by the rule have several years to become compliant with the labeling requirement ) , we do note GAO/OGC-99-36 that products which have drug marketing applications approved on or after April 16 , 1999 , must comply upon approval .
while the rule has varying compliance dates that are much later than the announced effective date of the rule ( some previously approved products covered by the rule have several years to become [helpful] with the labeling requirement ) , we do note gao/ogc-99-36 that products which have drug marketing applications approved on or after april 16 , 1999 , must comply upon approval .

He says that he has been compliant with his diabetes medications but has gained 15 lb in the last six months .
he says that he has been [helpful] with his diabetes medications but has gained 15 lb in the last six months .

He added ( without my asking ) that the computers that now run the elevators and the heating systems and whatnot are all fully Y2K compliant .
he added ( without my asking ) that the computers that now run the elevators and the heating systems and whatnot are all fully y2k [helpful] .

Once the opposition is dead , and all but the most compliant are purged from the dictator 's forces , what 's there to worry about ?
once the opposition is dead , and all but the most [helpful] are purged from the dictator 's forces , what 's there to worry about ?

After the entire area has decimated itself , some compliant commander in chief has to be in place to send in the troops to secure the oil if it 's not too radioactive .
after the entire area has decimated itself , some [helpful] commander in chief has to be in place to send in the troops to secure the oil if it 's not too radioactive .

Rodman is also popular because his rebellion and mad behavior are welcome in a world where we 're expected to be deferential and compliant .
rodman is also popular because his rebellion and mad behavior are welcome in a world where we 're expected to be deferential and [helpful] .

Saying that Iraq was until recently compliant with the U.N. Security Council weapons inspectors , Dawn denounces the bias of UNSCOM inspectors and their insistence on thoroughly searching Iraq 's presidential palaces .
saying that iraq was until recently [helpful] with the u.n. security council weapons inspectors , dawn denounces the bias of unscom inspectors and their insistence on thoroughly searching iraq 's presidential palaces .

USA Today leads with a Y2K scoop : Nearly 50 percent of local 911 emergency services -- such as fire , police , and ambulance corps -- are not Y2K compliant .
usa today leads with a y2k scoop : nearly 50 percent of local 911 emergency services -- such as fire , police , and ambulance corps -- are not y2k [helpful] .

Kevorkian has helped numerous people without physical illness commit suicide , but compliant journalists have n't reported this .
kevorkian has helped numerous people without physical illness commit suicide , but [helpful] journalists have n't reported this .

The LAT top front quotes Bill Clinton 's assertion that the Social Security computer system is `` now 100 compliant '' with standards and safeguards protecting against Y2K problems .
the lat top front quotes bill clinton 's assertion that the social security computer system is `` now 100 [helpful] '' with standards and safeguards protecting against y2k problems .

