Ultimately the development will comprise 300 units , in two-story and three-story structures .
ultimately the development will [form/contain] 300 units , in two-story and three-story structures .

Cereal grains , supplemented with soybeans or dry edible peas or beans , comprise about two-thirds or three-fourths of the diet in parts of Asia and Africa .
cereal grains , supplemented with soybeans or dry edible peas or beans , [form/contain] about two-thirds or three-fourths of the diet in parts of asia and africa .

They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters .
they [form/contain] a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters .

It has been obvious to the assessors , particularly those in shore communities , that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach .
it has been obvious to the assessors , particularly those in shore communities , that boats [form/contain] the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach .

These areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests .
these areas [form/contain] about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the national forests .

The long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development , or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National Grasslands .
the long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which [form/contain] key tracts for recognized national forest programs such as recreation development , or which are a source of damage to lands in national forests and national grasslands .

True terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types 1 and 3 , although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present .
true terminal bronchioles [form/contain] the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types 1 and 3 , although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present .

The former comprise analeptic and psychoactive drugs , the latter the tranquilizers .
the former [form/contain] analeptic and psychoactive drugs , the latter the tranquilizers .

Since tone systems typically comprise fewer units than either consonant or vowel systems , we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis .
since tone systems typically [form/contain] fewer units than either consonant or vowel systems , we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis .

The fact that the Aerospace Industries Association members whose lists were used did not comprise all firms engaged in defense programs .
the fact that the aerospace industries association members whose lists were used did not [form/contain] all firms engaged in defense programs .

As it will be shown later , the field-flattening properties of the interstage and output fiber coupler comprise indeed the main advantage of such a design .
as it will be shown later , the field-flattening properties of the interstage and output fiber coupler [form/contain] indeed the main advantage of such a design .

It 's structure will comprise ordinary shares , with warrants attached on a one-for-five basis at an issue price of £1 a share .
it 's structure will [form/contain] ordinary shares , with warrants attached on a one-for-five basis at an issue price of £1 a share .

The consideration will comprise 68 million Kingfisher shares — giving Darty shareholders 10 to 12 per cent of the enlarged group — with the balance paid in cash .
the consideration will [form/contain] 68 million kingfisher shares — giving darty shareholders 10 to 12 per cent of the enlarged group — with the balance paid in cash .

More importantly , in return for supporting the Government they also extracted a promise that Scotland 's representation on this potentially very powerful body will comprise at least one representative of each of Scotland 's four major parties .
more importantly , in return for supporting the government they also extracted a promise that scotland 's representation on this potentially very powerful body will [form/contain] at least one representative of each of scotland 's four major parties .

In the intervening years the group adapted and grew , introducing the idea of a sales operation to liaise with the major insurers who now comprise such a crucial part of Heggie 's industry .
in the intervening years the group adapted and grew , introducing the idea of a sales operation to liaise with the major insurers who now [form/contain] such a crucial part of heggie 's industry .

Accident repairs comprise around 80 per cent of the business .
accident repairs [form/contain] around 80 per cent of the business .

They comprise pledges on national standards and a new set of promises specifically geared to the local area .
they [form/contain] pledges on national standards and a new set of promises specifically geared to the local area .

Dickson himself admits to having early doubts about some of the ecological subtleties — including the supposed , and biologically unusual , ability of the common reeds that would comprise the visible part of the constructed wetland , to transfer oxygen from leaf-surface to below water , thereby allowing aerobic bacteria to metabolise concentrated sewage .
dickson himself admits to having early doubts about some of the ecological subtleties — including the supposed , and biologically unusual , ability of the common reeds that would [form/contain] the visible part of the constructed wetland , to transfer oxygen from leaf-surface to below water , thereby allowing aerobic bacteria to metabolise concentrated sewage .

Sponsored by the Scottish Film Council , the course will comprise weekly screenings followed by talks from a wide variety of speakers , plus group discussion .
sponsored by the scottish film council , the course will [form/contain] weekly screenings followed by talks from a wide variety of speakers , plus group discussion .

Bat droppings are tiny , and comprise only the wings and hard parts of the insects which bats eat .
bat droppings are tiny , and [form/contain] only the wings and hard parts of the insects which bats eat .

Damien Barton will be on the ‘ 40 ’ with Dermot Heaney on his right while the full forward line looks certain to comprise Joe Brolly , Seamus Downey and Enda Gormley .
damien barton will be on the ‘ 40 ’ with dermot heaney on his right while the full forward line looks certain to [form/contain] joe brolly , seamus downey and enda gormley .

The centre , due for completion in the spring of next year , will comprise shop units , a licensed restaurant , a pottery , day care facilities for the elderly , office space and a 400 seater auditorium where concerts , drama and other cultural events can be staged .
the centre , due for completion in the spring of next year , will [form/contain] shop units , a licensed restaurant , a pottery , day care facilities for the elderly , office space and a 400 seater auditorium where concerts , drama and other cultural events can be staged .

The 15 homes in the first phase are all sold and occupied and now he has turned his attention to phase two , which will comprise 14 homes .
the 15 homes in the first phase are all sold and occupied and now he has turned his attention to phase two , which will [form/contain] 14 homes .

Since Fourier analysis shows ( see chapter 11 ) that all signals comprise certain combinations of pure sinusoidal signals , to perform as an attenuator , a circuit must reduce the amplitudes of all sinusoidal signals by the same factor irrespective of frequency and without changing their phases .
since fourier analysis shows ( see chapter 11 ) that all signals [form/contain] certain combinations of pure sinusoidal signals , to perform as an attenuator , a circuit must reduce the amplitudes of all sinusoidal signals by the same factor irrespective of frequency and without changing their phases .

In accordance with Thévenin 's theorem both the input and output circuits comprise a signal e.m.f .
in accordance with thévenin 's theorem both the input and output circuits [form/contain] a signal e.m.f .

Prawns abound in most locations , and small ones may comprise the majority of the catch .
prawns abound in most locations , and small ones may [form/contain] the majority of the catch .

These comprise the usual treble , middle and bass rotaries , but also there 's a presence pot to further enhance treble response .
these [form/contain] the usual treble , middle and bass rotaries , but also there 's a presence pot to further enhance treble response .

Yes , well , these comprise a group of four jack sockets on the back , and constitute a clever move on Boogie 's part .
yes , well , these [form/contain] a group of four jack sockets on the back , and constitute a clever move on boogie 's part .

The controls for the Legend comprise a volume control/pull pot , which coil taps the bridge humbucker , and a separate rotary which acts as a mid-range boost/cut .
the controls for the legend [form/contain] a volume control/pull pot , which coil taps the bridge humbucker , and a separate rotary which acts as a mid-range boost/cut .

Omnivores comprise by far the largest group from cosmopolitan feeders such as the opportunistic wrasses which have broad tastes to specialised feeders such as angelfish which browse benthically upon sponges and algae .
omnivores [form/contain] by far the largest group from cosmopolitan feeders such as the opportunistic wrasses which have broad tastes to specialised feeders such as angelfish which browse benthically upon sponges and algae .

In the last instance , definitions of crime reflect the interests of those groups who comprise the ruling class .
in the last instance , definitions of crime reflect the interests of those groups who [form/contain] the ruling class .

In principle , courses may be specially designed for ENs on a full or part-time basis , or ‘ comprise an individually designed range of approved learning activities , which might include day release , distance learning components , contract learning and planned modules from existing first level nurse courses ’ .
in principle , courses may be specially designed for ens on a full or part-time basis , or ‘ [form/contain] an individually designed range of approved learning activities , which might include day release , distance learning components , contract learning and planned modules from existing first level nurse courses ’ .

They comprise two classes : ( a ) hereditary peers , historically the only class ; and 6 ) life peers , today the most important class for practical purposes .
they [form/contain] two classes : ( a ) hereditary peers , historically the only class ; and 6 ) life peers , today the most important class for practical purposes .

The chalk hills of the falaises are situated in the Reims and Épernay districts and comprise the Montagne de Reims , the Vallée de la Marne and the Côte des Blancs , the entire area of which , before human interference , was totally covered in forest .
the chalk hills of the falaises are situated in the reims and épernay districts and [form/contain] the montagne de reims , the vallée de la marne and the côte des blancs , the entire area of which , before human interference , was totally covered in forest .

The vineyards comprise less than 70 hectares , but nearly all produce wine of a superb quality which would seem to justify an upgrading of their 93 % status .
the vineyards [form/contain] less than 70 hectares , but nearly all produce wine of a superb quality which would seem to justify an upgrading of their 93 % status .

If you can understand these simple shapes as three-dimensional cylinders and boxes , the very complex shapes that comprise the human figure can be analysed and understood .
if you can understand these simple shapes as three-dimensional cylinders and boxes , the very complex shapes that [form/contain] the human figure can be analysed and understood .

Although the registered disabled comprise a substantial proportion — some 12 per cent — of the population of Britain , only two to three per cent of them are chairbound and only four per cent of the registered blind have a guide dog .
although the registered disabled [form/contain] a substantial proportion — some 12 per cent — of the population of britain , only two to three per cent of them are chairbound and only four per cent of the registered blind have a guide dog .

Indeed in a ‘ traffic vulnerable ’ category we would have to include the very young and very old , so that it could comprise 30–50 per cent of population depending on age definitions .
indeed in a ‘ traffic vulnerable ’ category we would have to include the very young and very old , so that it could [form/contain] 30–50 per cent of population depending on age definitions .

Both hanging committees comprise two practising clinicians , a statistician , and two medically qualified editors ; for the ‘ general practice hanging committee ’ both clinicians are general practitioners .
both hanging committees [form/contain] two practising clinicians , a statistician , and two medically qualified editors ; for the ‘ general practice hanging committee ’ both clinicians are general practitioners .

These inspectors , pilots and engineers comprise the core of the Accidents Investigation Branch , some twenty-eight in number and divided roughly fifty-fifty between the two categories .
these inspectors , pilots and engineers [form/contain] the core of the accidents investigation branch , some twenty-eight in number and divided roughly fifty-fifty between the two categories .

He adds , however , that the system should comprise 30 % of its billing within the next two months .
he adds , however , that the system should [form/contain] 30 % of its billing within the next two months .

If you can understand these simple shapes as three-dimensional cylinders and boxes , the very complex shapes that comprise the human figure can be analysed and understood .
if you can understand these simple shapes as three-dimensional cylinders and boxes , the very complex shapes that [form/contain] the human figure can be analysed and understood .

These programmes comprise resource studies , energy studies , development of techniques , hydrogeology , and environmental and engineering geology .
these programmes [form/contain] resource studies , energy studies , development of techniques , hydrogeology , and environmental and engineering geology .

Labour representatives also spoke often as if taxes comprise income taxes only , precisely what the Tories wished .
labour representatives also spoke often as if taxes [form/contain] income taxes only , precisely what the tories wished .

It was important too , that these lay people should be from all walks of life , from different age and social groups , and comprise an even mixture of both sexes .
it was important too , that these lay people should be from all walks of life , from different age and social groups , and [form/contain] an even mixture of both sexes .

In the wintertime , schedules to France may include a day stop , whereas at peak periods a split duty might comprise both morning and afternoon round-trips to Dinard from Guernsey , for example .
in the wintertime , schedules to france may include a day stop , whereas at peak periods a split duty might [form/contain] both morning and afternoon round-trips to dinard from guernsey , for example .

The lease in our sample document can be seen to comprise five parts , as follows :
the lease in our sample document can be seen to [form/contain] five parts , as follows :

The staff comprise the following :
the staff [form/contain] the following :

Current fire precautions comprise a notice and torch in each room , a manual fire extinguisher on each floor ( located on the corridor close to the stairs ) , and a manual fire detection system .
current fire precautions [form/contain] a notice and torch in each room , a manual fire extinguisher on each floor ( located on the corridor close to the stairs ) , and a manual fire detection system .

Woman-centred psychology takes this further , arguing that female subjects and femininity should comprise the entire subject matter of feminist psychology .
woman-centred psychology takes this further , arguing that female subjects and femininity should [form/contain] the entire subject matter of feminist psychology .

An army will normally comprise elite foot companies of White Lions , Phoenix Guard , Sword Masters and the like forming the core supported by squadrons of Elven cavalry and larger regiments of spearmen and archers drawn from the Elven citizens of Ulthuan .
an army will normally [form/contain] elite foot companies of white lions , phoenix guard , sword masters and the like forming the core supported by squadrons of elven cavalry and larger regiments of spearmen and archers drawn from the elven citizens of ulthuan .

Not only are there now departments of journalism and creative writing but the academy is now a central source of employment for many writers ( as witness that modern phenomenon the university novel ) ; its members and ex-members increasingly comprise the major audience for many arts ; and , ‘ English ’ has become a theoretical subject like any other .
not only are there now departments of journalism and creative writing but the academy is now a central source of employment for many writers ( as witness that modern phenomenon the university novel ) ; its members and ex-members increasingly [form/contain] the major audience for many arts ; and , ‘ english ’ has become a theoretical subject like any other .

These mechanisms comprise :
these mechanisms [form/contain] :

The ‘ Big Six ’ companies in Europe comprise General Motors ( Opel/Vauxhall ) and Ford ( both US-owned multinationals ) , Fiat , Volkswagen , Renault and Peugeot .
the ‘ big six ’ companies in europe [form/contain] general motors ( opel/vauxhall ) and ford ( both us-owned multinationals ) , fiat , volkswagen , renault and peugeot .

In the case of the first participant , Pegasus , this bundle will comprise Pegasus Unifacts , Word Perfect and Lotus 1-2-3 .
in the case of the first participant , pegasus , this bundle will [form/contain] pegasus unifacts , word perfect and lotus 1-2-3 .

It should be recognised that professional journals and magazines etcetera comprise a mix of both general and technical items .
it should be recognised that professional journals and magazines etcetera [form/contain] a mix of both general and technical items .

The Management Board , in addition to Lady Wilcox and Ms Masters , will comprise the members of the Board and certain other senior Revenue managers .
the management board , in addition to lady wilcox and ms masters , will [form/contain] the members of the board and certain other senior revenue managers .

For the Out Skerries comprise a group of three little islands which are conveniently arranged to form a perfect natural harbour .
for the out skerries [form/contain] a group of three little islands which are conveniently arranged to form a perfect natural harbour .

The onset of the glitch is now seen to comprise an unresolved step followed by an exponential asymptotic rise to meet the 18-day exponential decaying component .
the onset of the glitch is now seen to [form/contain] an unresolved step followed by an exponential asymptotic rise to meet the 18-day exponential decaying component .

They comprise a number of families with widely differing life histories and differing extents of sexual dimorphism , which can be highly variable even within a single species .
they [form/contain] a number of families with widely differing life histories and differing extents of sexual dimorphism , which can be highly variable even within a single species .

Annual varves from Mt Chombe sequence comprise alternating low-Mg calcite , amorphous organic matter and clay laminae .
annual varves from mt chombe sequence [form/contain] alternating low-mg calcite , amorphous organic matter and clay laminae .

Miocene/Pliocene trondhjemite , tonalite and ignimbrite comprise the final magmatic event ( 5Myr ) in the central Andes of Peru ; we consider that they were produced by partial melting of lower crust that had recently been , or was still being , thickened by magma underplating .
miocene/pliocene trondhjemite , tonalite and ignimbrite [form/contain] the final magmatic event ( 5myr ) in the central andes of peru ; we consider that they were produced by partial melting of lower crust that had recently been , or was still being , thickened by magma underplating .

Other laminations comprise fragmented and pelletized diatoms or nannofossil-diatom ooze .
other laminations [form/contain] fragmented and pelletized diatoms or nannofossil-diatom ooze .

Too expedient and un-systematic to be called a philosophy , they comprise even so a kind of official doctrine , rather as though a series of government inquiries on the press had set down an official theory of ‘ the Fourth Estate ’ .
too expedient and un-systematic to be called a philosophy , they [form/contain] even so a kind of official doctrine , rather as though a series of government inquiries on the press had set down an official theory of ‘ the fourth estate ’ .

In Punjab , Sikhs ( who are not Hindu ) comprise 66 % of the population and Hindus 30 % .
in punjab , sikhs ( who are not hindu ) [form/contain] 66 % of the population and hindus 30 % .

American nineteenth-century and Impressionist landscapes comprise the opening section in the first two rooms .
american nineteenth-century and impressionist landscapes [form/contain] the opening section in the first two rooms .

Expected to comprise some 3,000 lots , the art , accumulated in the late 1950s and 1960s , will include a significant amount of good quality if not exactly highly refined eighteenth-century French furniture .
expected to [form/contain] some 3,000 lots , the art , accumulated in the late 1950s and 1960s , will include a significant amount of good quality if not exactly highly refined eighteenth-century french furniture .

Now in its eighth year , the fair will comprise around fifty exhibitors , showing works from the sixteenth century to the present .
now in its eighth year , the fair will [form/contain] around fifty exhibitors , showing works from the sixteenth century to the present .

The paper works comprise a variety of techniques : collage , India ink swirled by an air compressor , and overpainted postcards , all of which serve as experimental preambles to Bartell 's paintings .
the paper works [form/contain] a variety of techniques : collage , india ink swirled by an air compressor , and overpainted postcards , all of which serve as experimental preambles to bartell 's paintings .

Its two publications comprise a twice-yearly newsletter providing information on the Society 's special events , and an annual journal edited by Judy Rudoe of the British Museum .
its two publications [form/contain] a twice-yearly newsletter providing information on the society 's special events , and an annual journal edited by judy rudoe of the british museum .

The fifty drawings and 250 prints comprise the collection and antiquarian book dealer Georg Hirzel ( 1867–1924 ) and have been on loan to the Leipzig Museum .
the fifty drawings and 250 prints [form/contain] the collection and antiquarian book dealer georg hirzel ( 1867–1924 ) and have been on loan to the leipzig museum .

Around 280 of the best pieces comprise the exhibition ‘ The George Ortiz Collection .
around 280 of the best pieces [form/contain] the exhibition ‘ the george ortiz collection .

Freshwater mussels and cockles comprise of some 26 species .
freshwater mussels and cockles [form/contain] of some 26 species .

These costs comprise not simply membership dues but also such factors as the possibility of employer hostility and retaliation ( in the form of job loss or victimisation ) as a result of taking up membership .
these costs [form/contain] not simply membership dues but also such factors as the possibility of employer hostility and retaliation ( in the form of job loss or victimisation ) as a result of taking up membership .

This was grievous enough , but there was worse : the confidence and coherence of the Austrian Army had been broken in these first weeks of the war , and it was never again to comprise an efficient military weapon .
this was grievous enough , but there was worse : the confidence and coherence of the austrian army had been broken in these first weeks of the war , and it was never again to [form/contain] an efficient military weapon .

West Ham Council initially decided that the Maternity and Child Welfare Committee should comprise the Public Health Committee , plus the matron of Plaistow Maternity Hospital .
west ham council initially decided that the maternity and child welfare committee should [form/contain] the public health committee , plus the matron of plaistow maternity hospital .

Few areas of modern political conflict are conducted in an explicit vocabulary of class , even in a society like Italy , where Communists comprise the second largest political party .
few areas of modern political conflict are conducted in an explicit vocabulary of class , even in a society like italy , where communists [form/contain] the second largest political party .

The 1840 Preface to The Chronicles of Crime ; or The New Newgate Calendar indicates a new ‘ moral ’ tone — ‘ Chronicles of Crime must comprise details , not only interesting to every person concerned for the welfare of society , but useful to the world in pointing out the consequences of guilt to be equally dreadful and inevitable ’ .
the 1840 preface to the chronicles of crime ; or the new newgate calendar indicates a new ‘ moral ’ tone — ‘ chronicles of crime must [form/contain] details , not only interesting to every person concerned for the welfare of society , but useful to the world in pointing out the consequences of guilt to be equally dreadful and inevitable ’ .

These nine cases , which comprise over one-half of the press coverage of court cases of rape during the year , cover a multitude of situations .
these nine cases , which [form/contain] over one-half of the press coverage of court cases of rape during the year , cover a multitude of situations .

As such , they comprise central components of the motivational context of Semai social relations — the behavioural environment within which choices are made and actions undertaken .
as such , they [form/contain] central components of the motivational context of semai social relations — the behavioural environment within which choices are made and actions undertaken .

Ant-lions ( Myrmeleon ) are members of the lacewing flies , while worm-lions , which comprise two genera , Vermilio and Lampromyia , are true flies .
ant-lions ( myrmeleon ) are members of the lacewing flies , while worm-lions , which [form/contain] two genera , vermilio and lampromyia , are true flies .

This , too , is a mollusc , closely related to squids and cuttlefish , and together they comprise a group of animals known as cephalopods .
this , too , is a mollusc , closely related to squids and cuttlefish , and together they [form/contain] a group of animals known as cephalopods .

The spider 's mouthparts comprise two jaw-like chelicerae , each tipped with a sharp fang .
the spider 's mouthparts [form/contain] two jaw-like chelicerae , each tipped with a sharp fang .

The South-East Asian Pacific nations comprise , among others , the world 's largest Islamic country , Indonesia ; the only Asian Christian country , the Philippines ; the world 's richest country , Brunei ; what is probably the world 's poorest country , Kampuchea ; the busiest port-city , Singapore ; as well as Thailand , Malaysia , Laos , Vietnam and Papua New Guinea .
the south-east asian pacific nations [form/contain] , among others , the world 's largest islamic country , indonesia ; the only asian christian country , the philippines ; the world 's richest country , brunei ; what is probably the world 's poorest country , kampuchea ; the busiest port-city , singapore ; as well as thailand , malaysia , laos , vietnam and papua new guinea .

Service teams should comprise people from different professional backgrounds , although it is still not uncommon to come across teams called ‘ community mental health teams ’ which consist entirely of nurses from the health service or of social workers from the local authority .
service teams should [form/contain] people from different professional backgrounds , although it is still not uncommon to come across teams called ‘ community mental health teams ’ which consist entirely of nurses from the health service or of social workers from the local authority .

If the new arrangements are adequately funded and properly implemented , they will comprise the first major government initiative to foster care at home rather than in institutions .
if the new arrangements are adequately funded and properly implemented , they will [form/contain] the first major government initiative to foster care at home rather than in institutions .

These ‘ others ’ comprise housing workers , people skilled in developing and supervising work and other forms of daily occupation , welfare benefits negotiators , domestic care staff to provide help in the home and with personal care , teachers , counsellors and sympathetic listeners , people willing to act as befrienders and companions and , finally , responsive general practice services .
these ‘ others ’ [form/contain] housing workers , people skilled in developing and supervising work and other forms of daily occupation , welfare benefits negotiators , domestic care staff to provide help in the home and with personal care , teachers , counsellors and sympathetic listeners , people willing to act as befrienders and companions and , finally , responsive general practice services .

For example , brickwork for residential development will usually comprise : ( a ) 100 mm concrete blockwork in foundations — rate per sq m .
for example , brickwork for residential development will usually [form/contain] : ( a ) 100 mm concrete blockwork in foundations — rate per sq m .

For example , development must comprise private dwelling houses only , with no trade or business ( other than perhaps a doctor or dentist ) , no caravans or boats to be stored , no dogs , pigs or poultry , no sheds or sheds over a certain height , no loft conversions or extensions .
for example , development must [form/contain] private dwelling houses only , with no trade or business ( other than perhaps a doctor or dentist ) , no caravans or boats to be stored , no dogs , pigs or poultry , no sheds or sheds over a certain height , no loft conversions or extensions .

In order to match costs and revenue , cost of stock should comprise that expenditure which has been incurred in the normal course of business in bringing the product to its present location and condition .
in order to match costs and revenue , cost of stock should [form/contain] that expenditure which has been incurred in the normal course of business in bringing the product to its present location and condition .

These would normally comprise such materials as cement , sand , aggregate , bricks , blocks , concrete and steel lintels , timber , sheet materials ( plasterboard , plywood , etc . )
these would normally [form/contain] such materials as cement , sand , aggregate , bricks , blocks , concrete and steel lintels , timber , sheet materials ( plasterboard , plywood , etc . )

As much of his work makes clear ( see particularly Labov 1982b ) , the chief objective was not to describe relationships between speaker and linguistic variables , although this was certainly an interesting by-product of quantitative method which for some might comprise its main significance ; it is certainly of great practical interest to a number of professions ( see chapter 9 ) .
as much of his work makes clear ( see particularly labov 1982b ) , the chief objective was not to describe relationships between speaker and linguistic variables , although this was certainly an interesting by-product of quantitative method which for some might [form/contain] its main significance ; it is certainly of great practical interest to a number of professions ( see chapter 9 ) .

However , since new additions comprise under one per cent of the total stock each year , they will have only a trivial effect on the distribution of housing types in the near future ( it should be noted that conversions of dwellings are not included in the figures given above ) .
however , since new additions [form/contain] under one per cent of the total stock each year , they will have only a trivial effect on the distribution of housing types in the near future ( it should be noted that conversions of dwellings are not included in the figures given above ) .

Farm workers also continue to comprise the majority of the rural poor .
farm workers also continue to [form/contain] the majority of the rural poor .

The occupational community becomes what can be called an ‘ encapsulated community ’ , a village within the village , suspicious of and resistant to any intimate social contact with the commuters and second-home owners who now comprise a substantial proportion of the population .
the occupational community becomes what can be called an ‘ encapsulated community ’ , a village within the village , suspicious of and resistant to any intimate social contact with the commuters and second-home owners who now [form/contain] a substantial proportion of the population .

Those children who comprise the élite section of the education system are destined via higher education to fill the managerial , professional and higher executive posts of this country .
those children who [form/contain] the élite section of the education system are destined via higher education to fill the managerial , professional and higher executive posts of this country .

The fall in employment has been much more marked amongst male than female workers and this has affected the composition of union membership ; females now comprise almost 35 per cent of the entire membership .
the fall in employment has been much more marked amongst male than female workers and this has affected the composition of union membership ; females now [form/contain] almost 35 per cent of the entire membership .

It suggests that of the subjects that usually comprise the humanities , philosophy need not necessarily be identified with the humanities at all , literature and the other arts are defined by their concern with art-objects and history arguably belongs to a broader conception of ‘ human sciences ’ .
it suggests that of the subjects that usually [form/contain] the humanities , philosophy need not necessarily be identified with the humanities at all , literature and the other arts are defined by their concern with art-objects and history arguably belongs to a broader conception of ‘ human sciences ’ .

However , the structure of attitudes does not only comprise the explicit justifications and criticisms which might be advanced by the attitude-holder .
however , the structure of attitudes does not only [form/contain] the explicit justifications and criticisms which might be advanced by the attitude-holder .

These may in turn be sub-divided ; goods possessed may comprise either the results of private purchase or goods allocated by the state , while goods not possessed tend to fall into two categories : first , those we encounter as material forms , in particular the built environment , the goods of our acquaintances or those in the high street shop , and secondly , goods we do not experience directly , but which appear to us through the media — for example in television , magazines and advertising .
these may in turn be sub-divided ; goods possessed may [form/contain] either the results of private purchase or goods allocated by the state , while goods not possessed tend to fall into two categories : first , those we encounter as material forms , in particular the built environment , the goods of our acquaintances or those in the high street shop , and secondly , goods we do not experience directly , but which appear to us through the media — for example in television , magazines and advertising .

Service industries comprise the service sector .
service industries [form/contain] the service sector .

The soundness , adequacy and application of internal controls . Internal control can be said to comprise the whole system of controls established by management , in order to :
the soundness , adequacy and application of internal controls . internal control can be said to [form/contain] the whole system of controls established by management , in order to :

Grants to State governments to cover parts of the costs of welfare and other programmes ( such as those for the construction of the Inter-State Highway system ) comprise only one of the elements of Federal spending which has an uneven impact on the various parts of the United States .
grants to state governments to cover parts of the costs of welfare and other programmes ( such as those for the construction of the inter-state highway system ) [form/contain] only one of the elements of federal spending which has an uneven impact on the various parts of the united states .

These constituencies are broader and more diffuse than mere pressure groups , though such groups may comprise their most visible and vocal components .
these constituencies are broader and more diffuse than mere pressure groups , though such groups may [form/contain] their most visible and vocal components .

This dimension also has implications for deterrence theory : since organizations comprise many individuals of varying occupations , degrees of organizational responsibility , and access to deviant conduct , who , precisely , is being deterred , and how are they deterred , when a company is convicted ?
this dimension also has implications for deterrence theory : since organizations [form/contain] many individuals of varying occupations , degrees of organizational responsibility , and access to deviant conduct , who , precisely , is being deterred , and how are they deterred , when a company is convicted ?

In the northern agency , about half a dozen districts comprise a pollution control area .
in the northern agency , about half a dozen districts [form/contain] a pollution control area .

Even when a discharge is discovered , it is sometimes very difficult to establish where the other end of the pipe is : town plans or the other records which comprise the organizational memory are often incomplete or out of date , while physically tracing the effluent can involve the time-consuming and hazardous task of lifting manholes in the middle of city streets while filling sample buckets , proceeding by trial and error to narrow down the possible sources of pollution .
even when a discharge is discovered , it is sometimes very difficult to establish where the other end of the pipe is : town plans or the other records which [form/contain] the organizational memory are often incomplete or out of date , while physically tracing the effluent can involve the time-consuming and hazardous task of lifting manholes in the middle of city streets while filling sample buckets , proceeding by trial and error to narrow down the possible sources of pollution .

They comprise affixes ( dis like , kind ness , John ' s , wait ed , com ing , black en , etc . )
they [form/contain] affixes ( dis like , kind ness , john ' s , wait ed , com ing , black en , etc . )

Used together these two strategies comprise that peculiar language game known as a double bind .
used together these two strategies [form/contain] that peculiar language game known as a double bind .

The most appropriate approach might comprise of a combination of the two used in the early stages of design , with an optimization option being employed when the design possibilities have been explored and the parameters , constraints and objectives are no longer likely to change .
the most appropriate approach might [form/contain] of a combination of the two used in the early stages of design , with an optimization option being employed when the design possibilities have been explored and the parameters , constraints and objectives are no longer likely to change .

The prelims comprise the title page , the contents , any list of mathematical or other symbols required and the summary .
the prelims [form/contain] the title page , the contents , any list of mathematical or other symbols required and the summary .

The addenda comprise — where appropriate — appendices , diagrams and tables , descriptions of equipment and method , acknowledgements and sometimes a technical abstract and a preface ( which is added just after the title page ) .
the addenda [form/contain] — where appropriate — appendices , diagrams and tables , descriptions of equipment and method , acknowledgements and sometimes a technical abstract and a preface ( which is added just after the title page ) .

Stocks comprise goods held for resale , and have a replacement cost of £54,500 ( 1990 — £35,000 ) at 31st March 1991 .
stocks [form/contain] goods held for resale , and have a replacement cost of £54,500 ( 1990 — £35,000 ) at 31st march 1991 .

They comprise from 20–500 individuals , of mixed age groups , forming a single layer .
they [form/contain] from 20–500 individuals , of mixed age groups , forming a single layer .

Roles works most of the time with one of his two Hasselblads , which he finds a good compromise between quality and portability ; these and a range of lenses comprise his field equipment .
roles works most of the time with one of his two hasselblads , which he finds a good compromise between quality and portability ; these and a range of lenses [form/contain] his field equipment .

It seems , therefore , that second homes comprise , on average , no more than 1 per cent of British housing stock .
it seems , therefore , that second homes [form/contain] , on average , no more than 1 per cent of british housing stock .

Naturally , there tend to be strong regional and local concentrations ; in some parts of North Wales second homes can comprise up to 50 per cent of housing stock in small areas ( Bollom 1978 ) .
naturally , there tend to be strong regional and local concentrations ; in some parts of north wales second homes can [form/contain] up to 50 per cent of housing stock in small areas ( bollom 1978 ) .

In some urban areas it can comprise as much as 40 per cent of the stock and up to 100 per cent of houses over considerable tracts .
in some urban areas it can [form/contain] as much as 40 per cent of the stock and up to 100 per cent of houses over considerable tracts .

They comprise some 21 per cent of rural housing stock on average , and Shucksmith ( 1981 ) indicates that , during 1968–73 in England and Wales there were usually more than double the number of local authority houses being built per 1,000 population in urban than in rural districts .
they [form/contain] some 21 per cent of rural housing stock on average , and shucksmith ( 1981 ) indicates that , during 1968–73 in england and wales there were usually more than double the number of local authority houses being built per 1,000 population in urban than in rural districts .

In many areas , these comprise both second home dwellers and those households least well established in the housing market .
in many areas , these [form/contain] both second home dwellers and those households least well established in the housing market .

They comprise some 13,600 km 2 approximately 9 per cent of the land surface of England and Wales ( there are no national parks , as such , in Scotland ) .
they [form/contain] some 13,600 km 2 approximately 9 per cent of the land surface of england and wales ( there are no national parks , as such , in scotland ) .

Putting this point on a more theoretical level , the musical field and the class structure at any given moment , though clearly not unconnected , comprise different ‘ maps ’ of social/cultural space , and they can not be reduced one to the other ( see Williams 1981 ) .
putting this point on a more theoretical level , the musical field and the class structure at any given moment , though clearly not unconnected , [form/contain] different ‘ maps ’ of social/cultural space , and they can not be reduced one to the other ( see williams 1981 ) .

First , if the enterprise is defined as the unit of legal ownership then it is clear that enterprises may comprise a number of operating units , plants , sales outlets and so on .
first , if the enterprise is defined as the unit of legal ownership then it is clear that enterprises may [form/contain] a number of operating units , plants , sales outlets and so on .

Apart from financing costs , which are included in the no-arbitrage condition , it is assumed the underlying asset , the shares which comprise the index , can be stored costlessly and does not depreciate with storage .
apart from financing costs , which are included in the no-arbitrage condition , it is assumed the underlying asset , the shares which [form/contain] the index , can be stored costlessly and does not depreciate with storage .

Older people comprise a large proportion of those living in poverty in Britain and have done so ever since the systematic studies of Charles Booth ( 1894 ) at the end of the nineteenth century .
older people [form/contain] a large proportion of those living in poverty in britain and have done so ever since the systematic studies of charles booth ( 1894 ) at the end of the nineteenth century .

The theory which they comprise is an attempt to articulate the feeling that , for a belief to be knowledge , it must be peculiarly sensitive to the truth of the proposition believed ; it must track the truth ( Nozick 's term ) in the sense that if the proposition were in changed circumstances still true , it would still be believed , and if it were not true , it would not .
the theory which they [form/contain] is an attempt to articulate the feeling that , for a belief to be knowledge , it must be peculiarly sensitive to the truth of the proposition believed ; it must track the truth ( nozick 's term ) in the sense that if the proposition were in changed circumstances still true , it would still be believed , and if it were not true , it would not .

They comprise a coherent , modernised and expanded code .
they [form/contain] a coherent , modernised and expanded code .

‘ The property of the bankrupt divisible amongst his creditors , and in this Act referred to as the property of the bankrupt , shall not comprise the following particulars .
‘ the property of the bankrupt divisible amongst his creditors , and in this act referred to as the property of the bankrupt , shall not [form/contain] the following particulars .

ensuring that those meals each comprise a balanced adequate nutritional meal .
ensuring that those meals each [form/contain] a balanced adequate nutritional meal .

( 4 ) The relevant regulations are the Food Hygiene ( Scotland ) Regulations 1959 to 1978 , which comprise the original regulations ( 5.1 .
( 4 ) the relevant regulations are the food hygiene ( scotland ) regulations 1959 to 1978 , which [form/contain] the original regulations ( 5.1 .

Quantitative forecasting techniques comprise three main groups , each of which will be considered in turn . These groups are : Subjective Statistical Causal
quantitative forecasting techniques [form/contain] three main groups , each of which will be considered in turn . these groups are : subjective statistical causal

Statistical forecasting Comprise ( i ) moving averages ; ( ii ) casting techniques exponential smoothing ; ( iii ) decomposition or time-series analysis ; ( iv ) trend extrapolation and curve fitting .
statistical forecasting [form/contain] ( i ) moving averages ; ( ii ) casting techniques exponential smoothing ; ( iii ) decomposition or time-series analysis ; ( iv ) trend extrapolation and curve fitting .

Markets , in reality , comprise the interactions and behaviour of people .
markets , in reality , [form/contain] the interactions and behaviour of people .

Such models comprise theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated , and significant in influencing the outcome of a purchase motivation .
such models [form/contain] theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated , and significant in influencing the outcome of a purchase motivation .

Such models comprise theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated and significant in influencing the outcome of a purchase motivation .
such models [form/contain] theoretical constructs of variables which are interrelated and significant in influencing the outcome of a purchase motivation .

* a significant proportion of the market may comprise consumers who require non-standard products simply because they are not able or willing to conform to standardised purchasing patterns .
* a significant proportion of the market may [form/contain] consumers who require non-standard products simply because they are not able or willing to conform to standardised purchasing patterns .

It is clear , therefore , that the 70 or so institutions which call themselves colleges or institutes of higher education comprise a sector of higher education which is more diverse than either the universities or polytechnics .
it is clear , therefore , that the 70 or so institutions which call themselves colleges or institutes of higher education [form/contain] a sector of higher education which is more diverse than either the universities or polytechnics .

Courts have often explicitly or implicitly balanced the interests of the individual with the effects on the administration in deciding where the line should be drawn on many of the issues which comprise the content of natural justice .
courts have often explicitly or implicitly balanced the interests of the individual with the effects on the administration in deciding where the line should be drawn on many of the issues which [form/contain] the content of natural justice .

They may not however be equally suited to all the institutions that comprise administrative law .
they may not however be equally suited to all the institutions that [form/contain] administrative law .

It would mean accepting that an assault could exist without any of the elements which comprise that term ; no one would , for example , have to be placed in fear for their bodily safety .
it would mean accepting that an assault could exist without any of the elements which [form/contain] that term ; no one would , for example , have to be placed in fear for their bodily safety .

They comprise : keyboard , processor , memory , screen and printer .
they [form/contain] : keyboard , processor , memory , screen and printer .

These comprise a number of work-stations ( keyboards and screens ) connected to a central computer , which provides processing , storage and printing capabilities .
these [form/contain] a number of work-stations ( keyboards and screens ) connected to a central computer , which provides processing , storage and printing capabilities .

These other duties can comprise :
these other duties can [form/contain] :

The family practitioner services comprise not only the cost of the family doctor service — about 30 per cent of the total — but medicine prescribed by GPs , ( nearly 40 per cent ) , pharmacists ' costs ( 10 per cent ) and opticians ' ( 3 per cent ) .
the family practitioner services [form/contain] not only the cost of the family doctor service — about 30 per cent of the total — but medicine prescribed by gps , ( nearly 40 per cent ) , pharmacists ' costs ( 10 per cent ) and opticians ' ( 3 per cent ) .

In what follows , the three main attributes of the novel — its written , narrative , and fictional status , — will be treated in turn in relation to the four novels which comprise the Quartet .
in what follows , the three main attributes of the novel — its written , narrative , and fictional status , — will be treated in turn in relation to the four novels which [form/contain] the quartet .

Of the four volumes which comprise the Quartet , only Xorandor and Verbivore have directly related story lines ( though characters from Amalgamemnon surface in both Verbivore and Textermination , most notably perhaps , Mira in the role of narrator ) .
of the four volumes which [form/contain] the quartet , only xorandor and verbivore have directly related story lines ( though characters from amalgamemnon surface in both verbivore and textermination , most notably perhaps , mira in the role of narrator ) .

Non-career golfing ladies still comprise a majority of lady members and it probably does not make much practical difference to them not to be able to play on a Saturday or Sunday morning since they have access to the courses at all other times .
non-career golfing ladies still [form/contain] a majority of lady members and it probably does not make much practical difference to them not to be able to play on a saturday or sunday morning since they have access to the courses at all other times .

There are also 30 third prizes of Kitchen Devil Professional Carving Sets , which comprise a 20cm/8in carving knife , a steel sharpener and carving fork .
there are also 30 third prizes of kitchen devil professional carving sets , which [form/contain] a 20cm/8in carving knife , a steel sharpener and carving fork .

The exhibits comprise a selection of telephone and telegraph equipment illustrating the history and evolution of telecommunications .
the exhibits [form/contain] a selection of telephone and telegraph equipment illustrating the history and evolution of telecommunications .

Conurbation Dominants comprise Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow , Liverpool and Newcastle upon Tyne .
conurbation dominants [form/contain] birmingham , manchester , glasgow , liverpool and newcastle upon tyne .

Provincial Dominants comprise Leeds , Bristol , Edinburgh , Nottingham and Sheffield .
provincial dominants [form/contain] leeds , bristol , edinburgh , nottingham and sheffield .

These comprise several features : employment has fallen in most branches of manufacturing and in some parts of the service sector ; land has been diverted from residential use by office expansion , road construction and slum clearance ; more mobile people have been leaving to escape the poor physical environment and the social problems ; new private house-building has been discouraged by high costs , land hoarding by local authorities and uncertainties about sales potential ; and falling household size has reduced the capacity of the overall housing stock ( Cameron , 1980 ; Evans and Eversley , 1980 ; Kennett and Hall , 1981 ; Lawless , 1981 ) .
these [form/contain] several features : employment has fallen in most branches of manufacturing and in some parts of the service sector ; land has been diverted from residential use by office expansion , road construction and slum clearance ; more mobile people have been leaving to escape the poor physical environment and the social problems ; new private house-building has been discouraged by high costs , land hoarding by local authorities and uncertainties about sales potential ; and falling household size has reduced the capacity of the overall housing stock ( cameron , 1980 ; evans and eversley , 1980 ; kennett and hall , 1981 ; lawless , 1981 ) .

( 1973 ) and Hamnett and Randolph ( 1983a ) , much of the urban-rural shift in the more heavily populated parts of the country would seem to comprise essentially suburban movements which have been forced to become ‘ exurban ’ and inter-urban because of pressure on space .
( 1973 ) and hamnett and randolph ( 1983a ) , much of the urban-rural shift in the more heavily populated parts of the country would seem to [form/contain] essentially suburban movements which have been forced to become ‘ exurban ’ and inter-urban because of pressure on space .

The destinations of the net migration flows , particularly at the intermediate scale of the urban-rural shift , comprise a number of relatively distinctive categories according to the nature of their growth .
the destinations of the net migration flows , particularly at the intermediate scale of the urban-rural shift , [form/contain] a number of relatively distinctive categories according to the nature of their growth .

The pattern of only selective reductions continues if we widen the field to comprise education , health and other services , which expanded employment in all regions from 1984 to 1989 .
the pattern of only selective reductions continues if we widen the field to [form/contain] education , health and other services , which expanded employment in all regions from 1984 to 1989 .

Such systems usually comprise rows of back-to-back adjustable pallet racking up to 12 metres high and separated by gangways as little as 1.2 metres wide — and rarely more than 1.9 metres wide .
such systems usually [form/contain] rows of back-to-back adjustable pallet racking up to 12 metres high and separated by gangways as little as 1.2 metres wide — and rarely more than 1.9 metres wide .

Constructed from structural steel sections , or occasionally of concrete , rack-supported building structures comprise of rows of back-to-back racking separated by gangways for the stacker-cranes and are commonly built up to heights of around 30 metres .
constructed from structural steel sections , or occasionally of concrete , rack-supported building structures [form/contain] of rows of back-to-back racking separated by gangways for the stacker-cranes and are commonly built up to heights of around 30 metres .

Such systems may comprise a series of roller tracks mounted one on top of each other and side by side to form a block with a pallet in-feed face at one side and an out-feed face at the other .
such systems may [form/contain] a series of roller tracks mounted one on top of each other and side by side to form a block with a pallet in-feed face at one side and an out-feed face at the other .

Where the warehouse is primarily used for storage and distribution the supporting accommodation can comprise , receiving , and dispatch vehicle departments , with typical ‘ garage ’ type risks , the office accommodation to support these functions , as well as the offices for the ‘ paper-work ’ such as receipts of goods , retrieval/dispatch documentation and invoicing etc .
where the warehouse is primarily used for storage and distribution the supporting accommodation can [form/contain] , receiving , and dispatch vehicle departments , with typical ‘ garage ’ type risks , the office accommodation to support these functions , as well as the offices for the ‘ paper-work ’ such as receipts of goods , retrieval/dispatch documentation and invoicing etc .

Lambe 's surviving compositions comprise one setting of the Magnificat and seven Marian votive antiphons .
lambe 's surviving compositions [form/contain] one setting of the magnificat and seven marian votive antiphons .

This can comprise a single or double outflow to allow water to be discharged as both fountain and waterfall , although , as intimated earlier , one or the other is more desirable .
this can [form/contain] a single or double outflow to allow water to be discharged as both fountain and waterfall , although , as intimated earlier , one or the other is more desirable .

Goods and services produced according to global strategies now comprise more than half the total output , while by 1985 between a quarter and half of world trade ( varying according to economic sector ) was intrafirm , that is between buyer and seller within a single enterprise ( Strange , 1991 ) .
goods and services produced according to global strategies now [form/contain] more than half the total output , while by 1985 between a quarter and half of world trade ( varying according to economic sector ) was intrafirm , that is between buyer and seller within a single enterprise ( strange , 1991 ) .

Combination techniques comprise a host of different moves , a kick and follow-up punch , for example , or a double-kick and then a punch .
combination techniques [form/contain] a host of different moves , a kick and follow-up punch , for example , or a double-kick and then a punch .

Morphological systems which comprise morphological or formal instantaneous physical properties integrated to form a recognizable operational part of physical reality , with the strength and direction of connectivity revealed by correlation analysis .
morphological systems which [form/contain] morphological or formal instantaneous physical properties integrated to form a recognizable operational part of physical reality , with the strength and direction of connectivity revealed by correlation analysis .

The instruments described above comprise all the percussion instruments in common use .
the instruments described above [form/contain] all the percussion instruments in common use .

Bacharach and Lawler ( 1980 ) argue that organisations comprise bargaining systems and we need to understand how they work to understand organisations fully .
bacharach and lawler ( 1980 ) argue that organisations [form/contain] bargaining systems and we need to understand how they work to understand organisations fully .

Thus if we were to compile a checklist of leadership it would comprise the following :
thus if we were to compile a checklist of leadership it would [form/contain] the following :

They comprise the classical concept of the public official who is anxious to promote the ‘ public interest ’ .
they [form/contain] the classical concept of the public official who is anxious to promote the ‘ public interest ’ .

According to Perrin ( 1988 ) it is possible to budget by subjective costs ( such as staff , supplies and equipment ) , functions ( such as nursing , catering and estates ) , specialties ( such as neurology , geriatrics and general surgery ) , or by the units that comprise the district .
according to perrin ( 1988 ) it is possible to budget by subjective costs ( such as staff , supplies and equipment ) , functions ( such as nursing , catering and estates ) , specialties ( such as neurology , geriatrics and general surgery ) , or by the units that [form/contain] the district .

The principles of effective choral writing are fairly straightforward , and mostly comprise exploitation of the choir 's colouristic resources in what can be called ‘ choral orchestration ’ , coupled with simple variation in the density of voices and a limited use of contrapuntal effects .
the principles of effective choral writing are fairly straightforward , and mostly [form/contain] exploitation of the choir 's colouristic resources in what can be called ‘ choral orchestration ’ , coupled with simple variation in the density of voices and a limited use of contrapuntal effects .

To take samples , the first two beats of the example comprise nine different notes out of ten ; the second phrase beginning in bar 2 ( fifth beat ) has seven different notes out of ten ; while the final bar has ten different notes out of thirteen ( different octave registers are , of course , disregarded ) .
to take samples , the first two beats of the example [form/contain] nine different notes out of ten ; the second phrase beginning in bar 2 ( fifth beat ) has seven different notes out of ten ; while the final bar has ten different notes out of thirteen ( different octave registers are , of course , disregarded ) .

This is therefore a ‘ symmetrical ’ series , of which there are various kinds — notably , mirror series ( as above ) , series made up of transpositions of three or four note-groups comprising the same interval successions , series made of retrogrades and inversions of a small note-cell , and symmetrical all-interval series which comprise all intervals within the octave .
this is therefore a ‘ symmetrical ’ series , of which there are various kinds — notably , mirror series ( as above ) , series made up of transpositions of three or four note-groups comprising the same interval successions , series made of retrogrades and inversions of a small note-cell , and symmetrical all-interval series which [form/contain] all intervals within the octave .

That is , are they to comprise entire movements , to be principal episodes , or to be only very secondary interludes ?
that is , are they to [form/contain] entire movements , to be principal episodes , or to be only very secondary interludes ?

The five double fields ( each related to a professional register ) which comprise the degree in nursing and midwifery involve redefinition of the existing training scheme , accretion of new subject areas in health-related studies and the invention of a new and unique opportunity for intending students .
the five double fields ( each related to a professional register ) which [form/contain] the degree in nursing and midwifery involve redefinition of the existing training scheme , accretion of new subject areas in health-related studies and the invention of a new and unique opportunity for intending students .

First , there are rolling plains , which comprise about 65 % of the imaged surface area and which lie approximately between altitudes 0 km and +2 km .
first , there are rolling plains , which [form/contain] about 65 % of the imaged surface area and which lie approximately between altitudes 0 km and +2 km .

Second , there are highlands , which comprise about 8 % of the imaged surface area and which lie approximately between altitudes +2 km and +12 km .
second , there are highlands , which [form/contain] about 8 % of the imaged surface area and which lie approximately between altitudes +2 km and +12 km .

Finally , there are the lowlands , which comprise about 27 % of the imaged surface area and which lie approximately between altitudes -2 km and 0 km .
finally , there are the lowlands , which [form/contain] about 27 % of the imaged surface area and which lie approximately between altitudes -2 km and 0 km .

And in no other country did civil servants ( Beamten ) comprise such a high proportion of the highly educated .
and in no other country did civil servants ( beamten ) [form/contain] such a high proportion of the highly educated .

In this the structure constitutes the supply-side and individuals in the social field comprise the demand-side .
in this the structure constitutes the supply-side and individuals in the social field [form/contain] the demand-side .

These Acts comprise primarily the regulations , directives , and decisions adopted by those institutions .
these acts [form/contain] primarily the regulations , directives , and decisions adopted by those institutions .

Likewise , regulations imposing anti-dumping duties ( which are in certain respects akin to decisions in the field of competition ) also tend to comprise long and relatively detailed statements of reasons in their preambles .
likewise , regulations imposing anti-dumping duties ( which are in certain respects akin to decisions in the field of competition ) also tend to [form/contain] long and relatively detailed statements of reasons in their preambles .

Such publications , useful and valuable though they are , are but indexes and do not comprise the text of the provisions in question .
such publications , useful and valuable though they are , are but indexes and do not [form/contain] the text of the provisions in question .

Potentially commercial proven and probable reserves comprise quantities of petroleum which are considered , on the basis of the information currently available and current economic forecasts , to be commercially recoverable from fields that have been discovered but which require further appraisal prior to commerciality being established .
potentially commercial proven and probable reserves [form/contain] quantities of petroleum which are considered , on the basis of the information currently available and current economic forecasts , to be commercially recoverable from fields that have been discovered but which require further appraisal prior to commerciality being established .

Due to this steepness at outcrop these coal seams are collectively referred to as the ‘ Edge Coals ’ and comprise about 24 workable beds of coal .
due to this steepness at outcrop these coal seams are collectively referred to as the ‘ edge coals ’ and [form/contain] about 24 workable beds of coal .

Together , the six PSCs comprise a varied and wide ranging portfolio of established production , new discoveries and large tracts of attractive exploration acreage .
together , the six pscs [form/contain] a varied and wide ranging portfolio of established production , new discoveries and large tracts of attractive exploration acreage .

The interests comprise exploration permits in the Carnarvon and Bonaparte Basin in Western Australia , and their sale marks the end of the company 's exploration and production activities in Australia .
the interests [form/contain] exploration permits in the carnarvon and bonaparte basin in western australia , and their sale marks the end of the company 's exploration and production activities in australia .

Although most mosaics comprise three to six basic colours , a work of good quality will include many subtle shades .
although most mosaics [form/contain] three to six basic colours , a work of good quality will include many subtle shades .

The hair of Oceanus also appears to be styled on the same matted locks which comprise the lion 's main at Verulamium .
the hair of oceanus also appears to be styled on the same matted locks which [form/contain] the lion 's main at verulamium .

The Case Study assessment will comprise
the case study assessment will [form/contain]

In Canada , operations comprise a long-standing joint venture with Labatts Ltd for packaging Guinness Stout , and a separate distribution company , Guinness Import Company ( Canada ) Ltd , for imported draught beer .
in canada , operations [form/contain] a long-standing joint venture with labatts ltd for packaging guinness stout , and a separate distribution company , guinness import company ( canada ) ltd , for imported draught beer .

In each case , they will comprise a blend of new and existing woodland , with some areas allocated to housing , industry and farmland , reflecting the fact that they are all on the fringe of population centres .
in each case , they will [form/contain] a blend of new and existing woodland , with some areas allocated to housing , industry and farmland , reflecting the fact that they are all on the fringe of population centres .

1.3 `` the Site `` means the [ building and adjoining ] Premises described in the First Schedule The `` site `` may be merely the site upon which the premises are to be constructed or may comprise the whole of the landlord 's development .
1.3 `` the site `` means the [ building and adjoining ] premises described in the first schedule the `` site `` may be merely the site upon which the premises are to be constructed or may [form/contain] the whole of the landlord 's development .

Clause 5.10.3 may have to be amended where the premises comprise part business , part residential accommodation , eg high street shop with flats above .
clause 5.10.3 may have to be amended where the premises [form/contain] part business , part residential accommodation , eg high street shop with flats above .

Contains the registers of every company , public and private , which comprise their vital statistics and information .
contains the registers of every company , public and private , which [form/contain] their vital statistics and information .

That 's all : no laborious abstracting , no checking of old abstracts to see that they comprise what you `` ve contracted to give , no checking of old schedules of documents against the deeds , no copying of documents .
that 's all : no laborious abstracting , no checking of old abstracts to see that they [form/contain] what you `` ve contracted to give , no checking of old schedules of documents against the deeds , no copying of documents .

trustees comprise persons for the purposes of income tax ; 2. they comprise a separate entity liable to tax on monies they receive or which they are entitled to receive ; 3. the main inroads into that separateness and liability are of a restricted nature as explained in the Reid 's Trustees case ; these inroads are : ( a ) in certain cases ( but not all ) where a trustee mandates income direct to a beneficiary the trustee will not be liable to tax ( Williams v Singer ) ; ( b ) in the case of a life interest trust a see-through or conduit approach is adopted for identification of source purposes so that the origin and parentage of the income is not changed by virtue of its journey through the trust ( Archer-Shee v Baker ) ; ( c ) if income arises to the trustees of a life interest trust ( subject to deductions for expenses ) it is taxable upon the life tenant whether or not he actually takes the money ( Spen 's case ) .
trustees [form/contain] persons for the purposes of income tax ; 2. they [form/contain] a separate entity liable to tax on monies they receive or which they are entitled to receive ; 3. the main inroads into that separateness and liability are of a restricted nature as explained in the reid 's trustees case ; these inroads are : ( a ) in certain cases ( but not all ) where a trustee mandates income direct to a beneficiary the trustee will not be liable to tax ( williams v singer ) ; ( b ) in the case of a life interest trust a see-through or conduit approach is adopted for identification of source purposes so that the origin and parentage of the income is not changed by virtue of its journey through the trust ( archer-shee v baker ) ; ( c ) if income arises to the trustees of a life interest trust ( subject to deductions for expenses ) it is taxable upon the life tenant whether or not he actually takes the money ( spen 's case ) .

If trustees make a payment of monies to a beneficiary this may comprise income in the hands of the beneficiary thus giving rise to a tax charge .
if trustees make a payment of monies to a beneficiary this may [form/contain] income in the hands of the beneficiary thus giving rise to a tax charge .

Thus if the Ming Vase is lent to the taxpayer repayable on demand ( so to say ) then if the taxpayer does in fact have the use for the entire year then the type of rental likely to be charged on such a letting in the market ( duly discounted because the trustees can call back the vase on demand ) is likely to comprise the benefit under s740 .
thus if the ming vase is lent to the taxpayer repayable on demand ( so to say ) then if the taxpayer does in fact have the use for the entire year then the type of rental likely to be charged on such a letting in the market ( duly discounted because the trustees can call back the vase on demand ) is likely to [form/contain] the benefit under s740 .

The female organs comprise ovary , oviduct and uterus , which may be paired , ending in a common short vagina which opens at the vulva .
the female organs [form/contain] ovary , oviduct and uterus , which may be paired , ending in a common short vagina which opens at the vulva .

The Jivaro occupy some 65 000 km 2 in the eastern lowlands of Ecuador and comprise some 20 000 people , women outnumbering men by about two to one .
the jivaro occupy some 65 000 km 2 in the eastern lowlands of ecuador and [form/contain] some 20 000 people , women outnumbering men by about two to one .

The mantle is mainly solid and appears to comprise minerals of high density , rich in magnesium and iron .
the mantle is mainly solid and appears to [form/contain] minerals of high density , rich in magnesium and iron .

Volcanic lines are most abundant in the Pacific Ocean and comprise series of volcanic islands ( or seamounts in the case of submarine volcanoes ) which typically become progressively younger along a line and often terminate in an active volcano .
volcanic lines are most abundant in the pacific ocean and [form/contain] series of volcanic islands ( or seamounts in the case of submarine volcanoes ) which typically become progressively younger along a line and often terminate in an active volcano .

The Archive will not necessarily acquire all of the identified data files — a specialist archive may comprise a small number of key datasets together with a catalogue of data held elsewhere ( meta-data ) .
the archive will not necessarily acquire all of the identified data files — a specialist archive may [form/contain] a small number of key datasets together with a catalogue of data held elsewhere ( meta-data ) .

Generally in rational expectations models in macroeconomics the policy rule generating the prediction for a variable comprises an equation whose determining variables typically comprise both lagged endogenous variables ( e.g .
generally in rational expectations models in macroeconomics the policy rule generating the prediction for a variable comprises an equation whose determining variables typically [form/contain] both lagged endogenous variables ( e.g .

In other words , a given level of unemployment may comprise a classical component attributable to excessive real wages and a Keynesian component attributable to deficient aggregate demand .
in other words , a given level of unemployment may [form/contain] a classical component attributable to excessive real wages and a keynesian component attributable to deficient aggregate demand .

All too frequently the merger agreement ( which may itself comprise little more than random heads of agreement born of their production by separate teams working on specific issues ) will be relied upon as a sufficient substitute .
all too frequently the merger agreement ( which may itself [form/contain] little more than random heads of agreement born of their production by separate teams working on specific issues ) will be relied upon as a sufficient substitute .

The Stock Exchange Quotations Committee may be willing to relax the test if a significant element of the assets sold comprise intangible assets such as goodwill .
the stock exchange quotations committee may be willing to relax the test if a significant element of the assets sold [form/contain] intangible assets such as goodwill .

The purchaser will need to prepare listing particulars unless listing particulars have been issued in the last year or the consideration shares will comprise less than 10 per cent of the listed shares after they have been issued .
the purchaser will need to prepare listing particulars unless listing particulars have been issued in the last year or the consideration shares will [form/contain] less than 10 per cent of the listed shares after they have been issued .

Most households in Britain comprise married couples with dependent children .
most households in britain [form/contain] married couples with dependent children .

The second largest proportion comprise married couples with no children , then married couples with independent children .
the second largest proportion [form/contain] married couples with no children , then married couples with independent children .

In summary , then , the fourth element of the Constitution — parliamentary government under a constitutional monarch — may be seen to comprise different relationships and powers .
in summary , then , the fourth element of the constitution — parliamentary government under a constitutional monarch — may be seen to [form/contain] different relationships and powers .

In the Hemingway version , these frames are separated into two blocks which , if we leave aside the opening sentence , comprise five sentences of description followed by five sentences of action .
in the hemingway version , these frames are separated into two blocks which , if we leave aside the opening sentence , [form/contain] five sentences of description followed by five sentences of action .

Speaker skills comprise such things as the ability to provide critical information , and the number of trials or messages to identify the target .
speaker skills [form/contain] such things as the ability to provide critical information , and the number of trials or messages to identify the target .

In these Articles injured States comprise those in a defined bilateral relationship ; those in a defined third party relationship ; those who share a formal relationship with the wrong-doer State , although not necessarily factually injured by the breach ; and those indirectly injured because their only injury is as a member of the international community .
in these articles injured states [form/contain] those in a defined bilateral relationship ; those in a defined third party relationship ; those who share a formal relationship with the wrong-doer state , although not necessarily factually injured by the breach ; and those indirectly injured because their only injury is as a member of the international community .

These comprise the main body of sexual law for England and Wales in relation to sexual offences in themselves .
these [form/contain] the main body of sexual law for england and wales in relation to sexual offences in themselves .

The family setting can not be omitted from considerations of sexuality any more than sexuality can be left out of ideas concerning the complicated web of interaction and relationships which comprise family life .
the family setting can not be omitted from considerations of sexuality any more than sexuality can be left out of ideas concerning the complicated web of interaction and relationships which [form/contain] family life .

Crew will normally comprise eight members , which will include two pilots , a Surveillance Systems Operator at a fully equipped console and two observers at search window stations .
crew will normally [form/contain] eight members , which will include two pilots , a surveillance systems operator at a fully equipped console and two observers at search window stations .

Above the collection of stone-built houses that comprise Cotterdale , the fields were giddy with colour .
above the collection of stone-built houses that [form/contain] cotterdale , the fields were giddy with colour .

These comprise three beat-'em up levels and two blasters , each played on a single static screen .
these [form/contain] three beat-'em up levels and two blasters , each played on a single static screen .

In a more formal way we can state that fundamental rights which protect individual autonomy comprise immunities against state interference whereas the right to enforce a contract asserts a claim to harness state power to control the actions of another .
in a more formal way we can state that fundamental rights which protect individual autonomy [form/contain] immunities against state interference whereas the right to enforce a contract asserts a claim to harness state power to control the actions of another .

College teachers comprise a richly-varied tribe .
college teachers [form/contain] a richly-varied tribe .

How many weeks does it comprise ?
how many weeks does it [form/contain] ?

Ideal notes take on the character of architecture — that is , they comprise a well-defined structure ; they are capable of supporting and containing the burden to be later placed on them ; and they are designed to last .
ideal notes take on the character of architecture — that is , they [form/contain] a well-defined structure ; they are capable of supporting and containing the burden to be later placed on them ; and they are designed to last .

For the most part they comprise various types of bag , hangings and camel — or donkey-trappings made by nomadic and semi-nomadic tribesmen for their own personal use .
for the most part they [form/contain] various types of bag , hangings and camel — or donkey-trappings made by nomadic and semi-nomadic tribesmen for their own personal use .

Sometimes they comprise a single identifiable scene or group of figures , and sometimes they take the form of a series of tableaux .
sometimes they [form/contain] a single identifiable scene or group of figures , and sometimes they take the form of a series of tableaux .

The remaining units comprise maternal and neonatal nursing , paediatric nursing , geriatric nursing , mental health nursing , community health nursing , emergency nursing , dying , death and hospice care .
the remaining units [form/contain] maternal and neonatal nursing , paediatric nursing , geriatric nursing , mental health nursing , community health nursing , emergency nursing , dying , death and hospice care .

Fayol ( 1916 ) , Taylor ( 1912 ) , Weber ( 1924 ) and others comprise the ‘ classical school ’ of management theorists , while Mayo ( 1949 ) , McGregor ( 1960 ) , Herzberg ( 1968 ) and Maslow ( 1970 ) fall into the ‘ human relations school ’ , which produced a series of motivation theories which became increasingly psychologically based .
fayol ( 1916 ) , taylor ( 1912 ) , weber ( 1924 ) and others [form/contain] the ‘ classical school ’ of management theorists , while mayo ( 1949 ) , mcgregor ( 1960 ) , herzberg ( 1968 ) and maslow ( 1970 ) fall into the ‘ human relations school ’ , which produced a series of motivation theories which became increasingly psychologically based .

As contacts came to comprise not just diplomatic intercourse , but a whole range of economic , military , social and cultural interests , the scope for both friendship and conflict became greater .
as contacts came to [form/contain] not just diplomatic intercourse , but a whole range of economic , military , social and cultural interests , the scope for both friendship and conflict became greater .

The largest minority group in Japan is still the burakumin , who comprise something over 2 per cent of the population .
the largest minority group in japan is still the burakumin , who [form/contain] something over 2 per cent of the population .

The basic premise of the meetings has been that ‘ co-operation between the various agencies which comprise the criminal justice system is crucial to the successful operation of the system as a whole ’ .
the basic premise of the meetings has been that ‘ co-operation between the various agencies which [form/contain] the criminal justice system is crucial to the successful operation of the system as a whole ’ .

Here in the South , hedgerow constituents can comprise oak , beech , ash , wild cherry ( gean or mazzard ) , blackthorn , common hawthorn , Midland hawthorn , crab-apple , dog-rose , hazel , maple , sycamore , buckthorpe , elder , hornbeam , lime , sallow , pussy willow , ivy , holly , yew , gorse , wayfaring tree , guelder rose , dogwood , privet , bullace , spindle , elm and others ! Hawthorn and blackthorn are the most frequently occurring species but you can recognise pointers to the antiquity of the hedgerows you encounter on the ‘ indicator ’ species — hazel , field maple , Midland hawthorn and spindle .
here in the south , hedgerow constituents can [form/contain] oak , beech , ash , wild cherry ( gean or mazzard ) , blackthorn , common hawthorn , midland hawthorn , crab-apple , dog-rose , hazel , maple , sycamore , buckthorpe , elder , hornbeam , lime , sallow , pussy willow , ivy , holly , yew , gorse , wayfaring tree , guelder rose , dogwood , privet , bullace , spindle , elm and others ! hawthorn and blackthorn are the most frequently occurring species but you can recognise pointers to the antiquity of the hedgerows you encounter on the ‘ indicator ’ species — hazel , field maple , midland hawthorn and spindle .

Collar insignia on the khaki jacket were to comprise thee regimental number over the branch device for all ranks below colonel ; and for colonels the national coat of arms was additionally worn in front of the branch device .
collar insignia on the khaki jacket were to [form/contain] thee regimental number over the branch device for all ranks below colonel ; and for colonels the national coat of arms was additionally worn in front of the branch device .

At the end of the day a company is no more ( but even more importantly , no less ) than the sum of the people and the skills that comprise it .
at the end of the day a company is no more ( but even more importantly , no less ) than the sum of the people and the skills that [form/contain] it .

The Executive Committees comprise :
the executive committees [form/contain] :

It does not indicate who comprise `` the people `` — a question which , through much of its history , did not get the one answer which seems obvious and unavoidable today .
it does not indicate who [form/contain] `` the people `` — a question which , through much of its history , did not get the one answer which seems obvious and unavoidable today .

Women comprise the vast majority of the market workforce , which has represented an important political force of the opposition movement in this century .
women [form/contain] the vast majority of the market workforce , which has represented an important political force of the opposition movement in this century .

These are best known as eye pigments and comprise two groups of substances , the sulphur.free ommatins of low molecular weight and , the sulphur-containing ommins of high molecular weight .
these are best known as eye pigments and [form/contain] two groups of substances , the sulphur.free ommatins of low molecular weight and , the sulphur-containing ommins of high molecular weight .

Essentially , these organs comprise three pairs of appendicular jaws , the anterior mandibles followed in turn by the maxillae and a second pair of maxilla-like Structures that fuse medially during embryonic development to form the labium or lower lip .
essentially , these organs [form/contain] three pairs of appendicular jaws , the anterior mandibles followed in turn by the maxillae and a second pair of maxilla-like structures that fuse medially during embryonic development to form the labium or lower lip .

The lateral sclerites usually comprise two plates on either side , closely hinged together so as to form a fulcrum between the head and prothorax .
the lateral sclerites usually [form/contain] two plates on either side , closely hinged together so as to form a fulcrum between the head and prothorax .

Strictly speaking , in what ontological category of things are causes and other conditions , the things which comprise causal circumstances ?
strictly speaking , in what ontological category of things are causes and other conditions , the things which [form/contain] causal circumstances ?

To speak in the same right tones , a causal circumstance can be said to comprise everything needed so as in a way to guarantee its effect .
to speak in the same right tones , a causal circumstance can be said to [form/contain] everything needed so as in a way to guarantee its effect .

( b ) The material does not comprise matters subject to legal privilege , excluded material or special procedure material .
( b ) the material does not [form/contain] matters subject to legal privilege , excluded material or special procedure material .

( 1 ) that there should be fair distribution between geographical areas , so that , in any year , where possible one school should be included from each of the eight ( now six ) educational administrative areas ( 2 ) that in any year , project schools should comprise a mix of schools in terms of the degree to which educational initiatives of one sort or another have been taken , the socioeconomic environment , philosophies of grouping , pedagogy etc .
( 1 ) that there should be fair distribution between geographical areas , so that , in any year , where possible one school should be included from each of the eight ( now six ) educational administrative areas ( 2 ) that in any year , project schools should [form/contain] a mix of schools in terms of the degree to which educational initiatives of one sort or another have been taken , the socioeconomic environment , philosophies of grouping , pedagogy etc .

Indeed , a full account of the project in any one school might comprise a substantial case study in the tradition of Elizabeth Richardson 's ( 1973 ) report of Nailsea School , or Sharp and Green 's ( 1975 ) account of a child-centred infant school .
indeed , a full account of the project in any one school might [form/contain] a substantial case study in the tradition of elizabeth richardson 's ( 1973 ) report of nailsea school , or sharp and green 's ( 1975 ) account of a child-centred infant school .

It is argued that this will necessitate a fiction section which : should comprise books of fantasy and ordinary life .
it is argued that this will necessitate a fiction section which : should [form/contain] books of fantasy and ordinary life .

While the evaluators consider that these procedures comprise a rational and effective method of operation , there are a number of interesting questions which have emerged from the evaluation .
while the evaluators consider that these procedures [form/contain] a rational and effective method of operation , there are a number of interesting questions which have emerged from the evaluation .

In one school in particular , the appointment of a part-time library assistant , the designation of a senior member of staff as librarian , the creation of a team of pupil monitors and a rota of parent volunteers comprise an excellent basis for sound library practice .
in one school in particular , the appointment of a part-time library assistant , the designation of a senior member of staff as librarian , the creation of a team of pupil monitors and a rota of parent volunteers [form/contain] an excellent basis for sound library practice .

They comprise most of the traditional names from English history though there are three newcomers : Humberside , Avon and Cleveland .
they [form/contain] most of the traditional names from english history though there are three newcomers : humberside , avon and cleveland .

Thus feudal society came to comprise four distinct social strata : the nobility and the clergy , who controlled most of the land and enjoyed the agricultural surplus ; the serfs , who cultivated the land and were bound to it ; and the burgesses .
thus feudal society came to [form/contain] four distinct social strata : the nobility and the clergy , who controlled most of the land and enjoyed the agricultural surplus ; the serfs , who cultivated the land and were bound to it ; and the burgesses .

In addition , it is hard to tell how much of the cash and sayings comprise everyday cash-flow rather than investments for income or gain .
in addition , it is hard to tell how much of the cash and sayings [form/contain] everyday cash-flow rather than investments for income or gain .

As life expectancy has increased and earlier retirement has become more widespread in the twentieth century , so the elderly have come to comprise an ever larger section of the poor .
as life expectancy has increased and earlier retirement has become more widespread in the twentieth century , so the elderly have come to [form/contain] an ever larger section of the poor .

It was believed to be based at Pyongyang and to comprise approximately 800 personnel and 36 Soviet trainers plus obsolete Japanese planes .
it was believed to be based at pyongyang and to [form/contain] approximately 800 personnel and 36 soviet trainers plus obsolete japanese planes .

The 44 dioceses which comprise the regional branches of the Church are indeed limited companies .
the 44 dioceses which [form/contain] the regional branches of the church are indeed limited companies .

From 1964 to their peak in 1968 pre-marital conceptions increased 10 per cent ( to 74,531 ) to comprise more than 10 per cent of legitimate births , even though total births were declining .
from 1964 to their peak in 1968 pre-marital conceptions increased 10 per cent ( to 74,531 ) to [form/contain] more than 10 per cent of legitimate births , even though total births were declining .

West Indians now comprise an increasing proportion of tenants in urban estates .
west indians now [form/contain] an increasing proportion of tenants in urban estates .

It will comprise 1,000 apartments and villas , two golf courses , a golf clubhouse , tennis club , five-star hotel , church and school .
it will [form/contain] 1,000 apartments and villas , two golf courses , a golf clubhouse , tennis club , five-star hotel , church and school .

By this we mean not that it is chaotic but simply that there is no government above the states which comprise it .
by this we mean not that it is chaotic but simply that there is no government above the states which [form/contain] it .

In speaking of international relations , we shall sometimes be referring to the international world and sometimes to the theories of that world which comprise the discipline called ‘ International Relations ’ .
in speaking of international relations , we shall sometimes be referring to the international world and sometimes to the theories of that world which [form/contain] the discipline called ‘ international relations ’ .

The prevalence of dementia is not equally distributed between the different groups which comprise the post-retirement population .
the prevalence of dementia is not equally distributed between the different groups which [form/contain] the post-retirement population .

To understand the force of these interpretations of what has been happening we must be clear as to what the contrasting but implicit concept of order is supposed to comprise .
to understand the force of these interpretations of what has been happening we must be clear as to what the contrasting but implicit concept of order is supposed to [form/contain] .

Between Saltfleetby and Theddlethorpe over 1,000 acres of tidal sand , mudflats and saltmarsh , freshwater marsh and sand-dunes now comprise a National Nature Reserve .
between saltfleetby and theddlethorpe over 1,000 acres of tidal sand , mudflats and saltmarsh , freshwater marsh and sand-dunes now [form/contain] a national nature reserve .

They comprise a twin-bedded room with patio or terrace .
they [form/contain] a twin-bedded room with patio or terrace .

They comprise a twin room with patio or terrace , or a room with three beds and patio or terrace .
they [form/contain] a twin room with patio or terrace , or a room with three beds and patio or terrace .

They comprise either a twin room with patio or terrace ; a three bedded room with patio or terrace ; or a family suite of two interconnecting twin rooms with shower room and patio .
they [form/contain] either a twin room with patio or terrace ; a three bedded room with patio or terrace ; or a family suite of two interconnecting twin rooms with shower room and patio .

Attractively priced suites , comprise either two twin rooms , or one twin and one single , with shared bathroom .
attractively priced suites , [form/contain] either two twin rooms , or one twin and one single , with shared bathroom .

Meals , for example , are eaten communally at long tables and comprise simple but excellent fare , created almost entirely from estate produce .
meals , for example , are eaten communally at long tables and [form/contain] simple but excellent fare , created almost entirely from estate produce .

However , the evolution of mankind has reached the point where it is better to leave religion behind , for it does comprise ‘ a system of wishful illusions together with a disavowal of reality , such as we find in an isolated form nowhere else but in amentia , in a state of blissful hallucinatory confusion ’ .
however , the evolution of mankind has reached the point where it is better to leave religion behind , for it does [form/contain] ‘ a system of wishful illusions together with a disavowal of reality , such as we find in an isolated form nowhere else but in amentia , in a state of blissful hallucinatory confusion ’ .

Units comprise discussion , reading , role play , writing assignment , vocabulary building , practice in points of grammar .
units [form/contain] discussion , reading , role play , writing assignment , vocabulary building , practice in points of grammar .

It was decided that the college staff would be split into 2 teams — the first team comprising the senior staff responsible for the overall course design while the second team would comprise the lecturers who would present the course material — ie the unit specialists .
it was decided that the college staff would be split into 2 teams — the first team comprising the senior staff responsible for the overall course design while the second team would [form/contain] the lecturers who would present the course material — ie the unit specialists .

‘ Nationally-developed Courses ’ comprise nationally-developed units for the whole course or its core components .
‘ nationally-developed courses ’ [form/contain] nationally-developed units for the whole course or its core components .

‘ Transferred Courses ’ comprise units developed by centres , individually or as consortia , as a means of transferring existing courses into the new format .
‘ transferred courses ’ [form/contain] units developed by centres , individually or as consortia , as a means of transferring existing courses into the new format .

‘ New Courses ’ comprise combinations of units either developed nationally or locally to create a new course , i.e. one which leads to a qualification which is substantially different from existing provision but which meets a defined local or national need .
‘ new courses ’ [form/contain] combinations of units either developed nationally or locally to create a new course , i.e. one which leads to a qualification which is substantially different from existing provision but which meets a defined local or national need .

‘ Pilot Courses ’ comprise units developed for phase 1 and 2 pilot courses and reviewed to ensure that the format of the new operational system is fully adopted .
‘ pilot courses ’ [form/contain] units developed for phase 1 and 2 pilot courses and reviewed to ensure that the format of the new operational system is fully adopted .

These comprise the Waterford Crystal business and the Wedgwood Group of companies .
these [form/contain] the waterford crystal business and the wedgwood group of companies .

National Awards may comprise units drawn from any of the three categories described above , ie National Certificate Modules , Higher National Units or Workplace-assessed Units or from units of appropriate industry bodies . The groups of units will have to satisfy the following criteria :
national awards may [form/contain] units drawn from any of the three categories described above , ie national certificate modules , higher national units or workplace-assessed units or from units of appropriate industry bodies . the groups of units will have to satisfy the following criteria :

These comprise elements and units of competence .
these [form/contain] elements and units of competence .

Traditional courses comprise centrally devised courses which are examined by externally set national examinations .
traditional courses [form/contain] centrally devised courses which are examined by externally set national examinations .

The 24 prototype models comprise a range of assembled flowers , hand-enamelled in four colourways — peach , blue , pink and yellow .
the 24 prototype models [form/contain] a range of assembled flowers , hand-enamelled in four colourways — peach , blue , pink and yellow .

These results do not comprise the statutory accounts for 1992 which have been audited without qualification and filed with the Registrar of Companies .
these results do not [form/contain] the statutory accounts for 1992 which have been audited without qualification and filed with the registrar of companies .

( 1 ) This statement does not comprise the audited statutory accounts for the year ended 31st December 1992 , which will be published on 5th April 1993 .
( 1 ) this statement does not [form/contain] the audited statutory accounts for the year ended 31st december 1992 , which will be published on 5th april 1993 .

These results do not comprise the statutory accounts for 1991 which have been audited without qualification and filed with the Registrar of Companies .
these results do not [form/contain] the statutory accounts for 1991 which have been audited without qualification and filed with the registrar of companies .

These results do not comprise the statutory accounts for 1992 which have been audited without qualification and filed with the Registrar of Companies .
these results do not [form/contain] the statutory accounts for 1992 which have been audited without qualification and filed with the registrar of companies .

The Pilot Occupational Health Scheme Contract Documents were signed with Lothian Health Board on 5 July 1993 . The new core services with Lothian Health Board comprise the following : —
the pilot occupational health scheme contract documents were signed with lothian health board on 5 july 1993 . the new core services with lothian health board [form/contain] the following : —

Programmes of study are tailored to an individual candidate 's requirements and may comprise either research training and a thesis or portfolio of projects ; or a programme of research training , assignments and a dissertation .
programmes of study are tailored to an individual candidate 's requirements and may [form/contain] either research training and a thesis or portfolio of projects ; or a programme of research training , assignments and a dissertation .

The courses comprise two principal elements , coursework with examinations chosen to suit the circumstances and practice of the discipline and department concerned , followed by independent work which is normally written up as a dissertation .
the courses [form/contain] two principal elements , coursework with examinations chosen to suit the circumstances and practice of the discipline and department concerned , followed by independent work which is normally written up as a dissertation .

The programmes for the MTh ( Master of Theology ) and related Diploma and for the MSc ( Master of Science ) comprise taught courses , assessed normally by essays rather than by formal examinations , followed by the preparation of a short dissertation of some 15,000 words for MTh/MSc or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the Diploma .
the programmes for the mth ( master of theology ) and related diploma and for the msc ( master of science ) [form/contain] taught courses , assessed normally by essays rather than by formal examinations , followed by the preparation of a short dissertation of some 15,000 words for mth/msc or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the diploma .

The first two years of each degree comprise similar courses with the third and fourth years providing specialist topics .
the first two years of each degree [form/contain] similar courses with the third and fourth years providing specialist topics .

The core studies comprise Architectural History courses taken alongside other clearly associated courses ( either history of art or architectural science , according to the student 's choice ) , while a third course in each year is chosen by the student from all subjects in the Faculties of Arts , Science or Social Sciences , subject only to compatibility of timetable .
the core studies [form/contain] architectural history courses taken alongside other clearly associated courses ( either history of art or architectural science , according to the student 's choice ) , while a third course in each year is chosen by the student from all subjects in the faculties of arts , science or social sciences , subject only to compatibility of timetable .

Our range of programmes comprise three broad categories , although these are interrelated , and there is considerable flexibility .
our range of programmes [form/contain] three broad categories , although these are interrelated , and there is considerable flexibility .

They comprise three main categories : coronary artery disease , cerebrovascular disease , and venous thrombosis .
they [form/contain] three main categories : coronary artery disease , cerebrovascular disease , and venous thrombosis .

Patients with left ventricular ejection fraction greater than 30 % and no inducible ventricular arrhythmia comprise a heterogeneous group .
patients with left ventricular ejection fraction greater than 30 % and no inducible ventricular arrhythmia [form/contain] a heterogeneous group .

One of the arguments that comprise the ‘ Leviathan ’ school of the ‘ over-expanded ’ public sector relates to the extent of decentralization .
one of the arguments that [form/contain] the ‘ leviathan ’ school of the ‘ over-expanded ’ public sector relates to the extent of decentralization .

Set membership of a package need not comprise only source modules and the package module itself ; other packages may also be specified .
set membership of a package need not [form/contain] only source modules and the package module itself ; other packages may also be specified .

Two deep pile saxony ranges and a twist range each comprise of fifteen items with a further tweed style range of twelve items , to complete the collection .
two deep pile saxony ranges and a twist range each [form/contain] of fifteen items with a further tweed style range of twelve items , to complete the collection .

The government announced on Nov. 14 , 1989 , that males aged 18 to 30 would have to begin registering that month for national service which would comprise six months of military training and six months of non-military instruction , followed by a third unspecified period .
the government announced on nov. 14 , 1989 , that males aged 18 to 30 would have to begin registering that month for national service which would [form/contain] six months of military training and six months of non-military instruction , followed by a third unspecified period .

It had been agreed on July 12 that the central committee would comprise 398 members .
it had been agreed on july 12 that the central committee would [form/contain] 398 members .

The 75 % shareholder can not comprise a company and an individual — it must be just one of these .
the 75 % shareholder can not [form/contain] a company and an individual — it must be just one of these .

In conducting an exclusive sell situation , the engagement selling documents should comprise :
in conducting an exclusive sell situation , the engagement selling documents should [form/contain] :

What are the completion accounts to comprise : balance sheet , profit and loss account , or both ?
what are the completion accounts to [form/contain] : balance sheet , profit and loss account , or both ?

If the Purchaser shall be in receipt of any claim , or any fact or circumstance comes to the notice of the Purchaser which might constitute or give rise to a liability pursuant to any of the warranties the Purchaser shall forthwith notify the Vendor giving full details so far as practicable and shall not make any admission of liability or settle or comprise any such claim without the prior written consent of the Vendor such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ( subject to being indemnified and secured to its reasonable satisfaction against all costs and expenses incurred or for which it may become liable ) ;
if the purchaser shall be in receipt of any claim , or any fact or circumstance comes to the notice of the purchaser which might constitute or give rise to a liability pursuant to any of the warranties the purchaser shall forthwith notify the vendor giving full details so far as practicable and shall not make any admission of liability or settle or [form/contain] any such claim without the prior written consent of the vendor such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ( subject to being indemnified and secured to its reasonable satisfaction against all costs and expenses incurred or for which it may become liable ) ;

It is now common for routes to comprise a mixture of commercial and subsidised times of day , days of week or even geographical sections .
it is now common for routes to [form/contain] a mixture of commercial and subsidised times of day , days of week or even geographical sections .

It will comprise a First Stage neighbourhood ethnographic survey and a Second Stage series of case studies of households selected from within each neighbourhood .
it will [form/contain] a first stage neighbourhood ethnographic survey and a second stage series of case studies of households selected from within each neighbourhood .

Although women comprise less than a fifth of all known offenders , the proportion of young women passing through the courts is rapidly increasing . This research investigates the conditions under which women are :
although women [form/contain] less than a fifth of all known offenders , the proportion of young women passing through the courts is rapidly increasing . this research investigates the conditions under which women are :

Three related projects comprise this research programme , each of which explores some aspect of contemporary change and development in British society as it is reflected in , and affected by , different kinds of local areas .
three related projects [form/contain] this research programme , each of which explores some aspect of contemporary change and development in british society as it is reflected in , and affected by , different kinds of local areas .

This project will investigate the characteristics and residential decision making of households living in the sector and the extent to which conversions comprise a first affordable step on the owner occupied housing ladder for young first time buyers .
this project will investigate the characteristics and residential decision making of households living in the sector and the extent to which conversions [form/contain] a first affordable step on the owner occupied housing ladder for young first time buyers .

Grant having been offered specifically towards a year 's programme within the plan for development , clearly it is necessary that a reasonably full report should be provided to explain progress , or the lack of it , and to illustrate particular successes or problems . The report usually should comprise sections on the following :
grant having been offered specifically towards a year 's programme within the plan for development , clearly it is necessary that a reasonably full report should be provided to explain progress , or the lack of it , and to illustrate particular successes or problems . the report usually should [form/contain] sections on the following :

The resources comprise several large and well-known collections of data , such as the library , computer databases and the photographic collections , and many other less obvious databanks , such as staff knowledge and specialisms , together with the methods by which the information is accessed , used , stored and disseminated .
the resources [form/contain] several large and well-known collections of data , such as the library , computer databases and the photographic collections , and many other less obvious databanks , such as staff knowledge and specialisms , together with the methods by which the information is accessed , used , stored and disseminated .

Finally , Ebussu'ud Efendi also stipulated the number of students to whom each entitled office-holder in the learned profession might grant and though the numbers which he fixed are not reported , figures have been given above which comprise a partial list for the of 959 and 963 , while Ata ' i gives another partial list for the of 973 , in which the kazaskers were each permitted to invest ten students as `` the kadis of the three cities ' i.e .
finally , ebussu'ud efendi also stipulated the number of students to whom each entitled office-holder in the learned profession might grant and though the numbers which he fixed are not reported , figures have been given above which [form/contain] a partial list for the of 959 and 963 , while ata ' i gives another partial list for the of 973 , in which the kazaskers were each permitted to invest ten students as `` the kadis of the three cities ' i.e .

To ensure its independence , its members must comprise a specified mixture of lay and legal representatives who should be appointed by a Parliamentary Committee and report direct to Parliament .
to ensure its independence , its members must [form/contain] a specified mixture of lay and legal representatives who should be appointed by a parliamentary committee and report direct to parliament .

The Group Accounts comprise the consolidated accounts of the holding company and all its subsidiaries , of which the principal companies are identified on pages 36 and 37 .
the group accounts [form/contain] the consolidated accounts of the holding company and all its subsidiaries , of which the principal companies are identified on pages 36 and 37 .

There are a number of cathedrals along the Po valley with similar characteristics to one another , particularly those at Parma and Cremona which each comprise the basic threefold group of buildings — campanile , baptistery and cathedral — all separate .
there are a number of cathedrals along the po valley with similar characteristics to one another , particularly those at parma and cremona which each [form/contain] the basic threefold group of buildings — campanile , baptistery and cathedral — all separate .

Resolutions 1 to 4 comprise the ordinary business of the meeting , adopting the accounts for the financial year to 27th March 1993 , declaring a dividend , re-electing directors , reappointing the auditors and authorising the directors to determine their remuneration .
resolutions 1 to 4 [form/contain] the ordinary business of the meeting , adopting the accounts for the financial year to 27th march 1993 , declaring a dividend , re-electing directors , reappointing the auditors and authorising the directors to determine their remuneration .

Those of us involved in English language studies and teaching , and perhaps those in particular who are swimming against the ever-shifting currents that comprise the National English Curriculum , can benefit from Morton 's method . In the Preface to In Search of England ( 1927 ) , he observes :
those of us involved in english language studies and teaching , and perhaps those in particular who are swimming against the ever-shifting currents that [form/contain] the national english curriculum , can benefit from morton 's method . in the preface to in search of england ( 1927 ) , he observes :

The self-centred and materialistic climate of the decade corrodes ideals and concerns about social justice , narrowing perspectives to the point where conversations comprise little more than house prices or retiling the bathroom .
the self-centred and materialistic climate of the decade corrodes ideals and concerns about social justice , narrowing perspectives to the point where conversations [form/contain] little more than house prices or retiling the bathroom .

The bulk of his clients comprise severely disturbed psychotic patients from nearby villages and towns .
the bulk of his clients [form/contain] severely disturbed psychotic patients from nearby villages and towns .

to comprise one artillery regiment ?
to [form/contain] one artillery regiment ?

‘ They comprise Ling 's housekeeping , ’ Silas informed her , his cool tone indicating he knew perfectly well that she was dodging the previous issue .
‘ they [form/contain] ling 's housekeeping , ’ silas informed her , his cool tone indicating he knew perfectly well that she was dodging the previous issue .

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that if the upper earnings limit on national insurance contributions were to be removed , it would punish not just somebody earning £20,280 a year but would punish anyone who earned £390 in a single week ? Does he agree that a proposal that would impose a massive tax burden on 4 million ordinary people could be produced only by a shower such as those who currently comprise the Opposition ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that if the upper earnings limit on national insurance contributions were to be removed , it would punish not just somebody earning £20,280 a year but would punish anyone who earned £390 in a single week ? does he agree that a proposal that would impose a massive tax burden on 4 million ordinary people could be produced only by a shower such as those who currently [form/contain] the opposition ?

The investigations will comprise an inter-related set of sorting , sneering and judgemental tasks .
the investigations will [form/contain] an inter-related set of sorting , sneering and judgemental tasks .

The search profile will comprise a series of search keys representing subjects and other characteristics of the search requirements which together indicate the scope and nature of the search .
the search profile will [form/contain] a series of search keys representing subjects and other characteristics of the search requirements which together indicate the scope and nature of the search .

Nevertheless , it is worth reiterating that notation is added to the list of subjects that comprise the schedules of a classification scheme after the subjects to be included and their order have been settled .
nevertheless , it is worth reiterating that notation is added to the list of subjects that [form/contain] the schedules of a classification scheme after the subjects to be included and their order have been settled .

Because all classes comprise simple isolates , grouped as foci within facets and subfacets , the schedules themselves are relatively succinct .
because all classes [form/contain] simple isolates , grouped as foci within facets and subfacets , the schedules themselves are relatively succinct .

adjectival headings , which comprise either a noun or noun phrase with adjectival modifier , for example ,
adjectival headings , which [form/contain] either a noun or noun phrase with adjectival modifier , for example ,

The Community shall adopt measures with the aim of progressively establishing the internal market over a period expiring on 31 December 1992 … The internal market shall comprise an area without internal frontiers in which the free movement of goods , persons , services and capital is ensured in accordance with the provisions of the Treaty .
the community shall adopt measures with the aim of progressively establishing the internal market over a period expiring on 31 december 1992 … the internal market shall [form/contain] an area without internal frontiers in which the free movement of goods , persons , services and capital is ensured in accordance with the provisions of the treaty .

Meanwhile , the cry from the opposition parties in Denmark , notably the Social Democrats , who comprise the largest party , was for a change to the Treaty which would be legally binding .
meanwhile , the cry from the opposition parties in denmark , notably the social democrats , who [form/contain] the largest party , was for a change to the treaty which would be legally binding .

It is always tempting to sample the more ‘ interesting ’ sections of a sedimentary sequence and to find , on return to the laboratory , that you have few or no samples of the more mundane lithologies which comprise the greater portion of the sequence .
it is always tempting to sample the more ‘ interesting ’ sections of a sedimentary sequence and to find , on return to the laboratory , that you have few or no samples of the more mundane lithologies which [form/contain] the greater portion of the sequence .

Scholle , 1979 , p. 114 ) and may comprise partial overgrowth cements .
scholle , 1979 , p. 114 ) and may [form/contain] partial overgrowth cements .

On the five occasions when his mother is the object of Chas ' thoughts , his attitudes comprise frustration , boredom , relief from shame , disgust and exasperation :
on the five occasions when his mother is the object of chas ' thoughts , his attitudes [form/contain] frustration , boredom , relief from shame , disgust and exasperation :

Just the plain furniture from Accommodation Stores and a prominent list of what that should comprise .
just the plain furniture from accommodation stores and a prominent list of what that should [form/contain] .

The consolidated accounts comprise the accounts of the parent company and all its subsidiary undertakings and include the groups interest in associated undertakings .
the consolidated accounts [form/contain] the accounts of the parent company and all its subsidiary undertakings and include the groups interest in associated undertakings .

These Case Studies comprise of six reports for funds .
these case studies [form/contain] of six reports for funds .

This will comprise the 10 core modules ( totalling 13 full module equivalents ) with the further 5 module equivalents to be drawn from the optional modules detailed below .
this will [form/contain] the 10 core modules ( totalling 13 full module equivalents ) with the further 5 module equivalents to be drawn from the optional modules detailed below .

3.1 Current holdings comprise over 16,000 books , 5,000 indexed committee reports and 100 periodical titles .
3.1 current holdings [form/contain] over 16,000 books , 5,000 indexed committee reports and 100 periodical titles .

The old and new works are practically idential and comprise : =
the old and new works are practically idential and [form/contain] : =

Works comprise eleven blocks of six bedroom apartments and two warden flats .
works [form/contain] eleven blocks of six bedroom apartments and two warden flats .

The knowledge model , if it can be mapped to the physical world , must itself comprise discrete quantities , varying in a quantised ( step-wise ) manner .
the knowledge model , if it can be mapped to the physical world , must itself [form/contain] discrete quantities , varying in a quantised ( step-wise ) manner .

The French Antilles comprise the two overseas Departments of Guadeloupe and Martinique .
the french antilles [form/contain] the two overseas departments of guadeloupe and martinique .

The compromise agreed by the conference involved the creation of an elected 62-member Senate ( compared with the current 104-member appointed chamber ) , with limited powers , which would comprise six representatives from each province and one from each of the country 's two territories .
the compromise agreed by the conference involved the creation of an elected 62-member senate ( compared with the current 104-member appointed chamber ) , with limited powers , which would [form/contain] six representatives from each province and one from each of the country 's two territories .

On Jan. 22 Havel withdrew his proposal that the federal parliament should comprise a Federal Assembly and a Federal Council , independent of and acting as a brake upon the Federal Assembly .
on jan. 22 havel withdrew his proposal that the federal parliament should [form/contain] a federal assembly and a federal council , independent of and acting as a brake upon the federal assembly .

The armed forces were reconstituted on June 5 , 1990 , to comprise the land forces , the Air Force , the Navy and the gendarmerie , marking the formal dissolution of all paramilitary and militia units .
the armed forces were reconstituted on june 5 , 1990 , to [form/contain] the land forces , the air force , the navy and the gendarmerie , marking the formal dissolution of all paramilitary and militia units .

Independence was to be ensured by a national broadcasting council to comprise four people chosen by the Sejm , three by the President and two by the Senate .
independence was to be ensured by a national broadcasting council to [form/contain] four people chosen by the sejm , three by the president and two by the senate .

The new fleet , to be based in Naples , Italy , would comprise six vessels ( frigates and destroyers ) from Greece , Italy and Turkey .
the new fleet , to be based in naples , italy , would [form/contain] six vessels ( frigates and destroyers ) from greece , italy and turkey .

In order to think ahead about your essay or dissertation you need to consider its overall length and the length of the parts which comprise it .
in order to think ahead about your essay or dissertation you need to consider its overall length and the length of the parts which [form/contain] it .

Gifts could comprise not only land , but also money and precious objects , including jewellery .
gifts could [form/contain] not only land , but also money and precious objects , including jewellery .

Must a Recognised Body Comprise the Whole of the Practice ?
must a recognised body [form/contain] the whole of the practice ?

( 3 ) The Auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the Company certify to the Company the Prescribed Price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the Auditors shall not take any account of whether such Shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the Company is being sold ) .
( 3 ) the auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the company certify to the company the prescribed price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the shares comprised in the transfer notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the auditors shall not take any account of whether such shares [form/contain] a majority or minority interest in the company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the company is being sold ) .

( 3 ) The Auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the Company certify to the Company the Prescribed Price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the Auditors shall not take any account of whether such Shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the Company is being sold ) .
( 3 ) the auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the company certify to the company the prescribed price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the shares comprised in the transfer notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the auditors shall not take any account of whether such shares [form/contain] a majority or minority interest in the company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the company is being sold ) .

What proportion of the labouring classes did they comprise ?
what proportion of the labouring classes did they [form/contain] ?

The European Council Directive on the legal protection of computer programs recognizes that programming languages , at least to the extent that they comprise ideas and principles , should not be protected by copyright .
the european council directive on the legal protection of computer programs recognizes that programming languages , at least to the extent that they [form/contain] ideas and principles , should not be protected by copyright .

Taken together , these studies comprise a substantial body of work notable for its diversity , its competence and its orthodoxy .
taken together , these studies [form/contain] a substantial body of work notable for its diversity , its competence and its orthodoxy .

Relating these principles to Figures 11.1 and 11.2 , it will be seen that they comprise , despite the problems already encountered in describing them on an ad hoc basis , only a small number of variants .
relating these principles to figures 11.1 and 11.2 , it will be seen that they [form/contain] , despite the problems already encountered in describing them on an ad hoc basis , only a small number of variants .

Double layer space grids comprise two single layer grids , superimposed and interconnected by bracing members .
double layer space grids [form/contain] two single layer grids , superimposed and interconnected by bracing members .

The intermediate elements comprise a formal series or structure .
the intermediate elements [form/contain] a formal series or structure .

the death or withdrawal of members , or the addition of new members from time to time , does not impair the continuity and identity of the body : ‘ in like manner ’ , as Blackstone says , ‘ the river Thames is still the same river , though the parts which comprise it are changing every instant ' ; the use of a common seal as evidence of at least the more formal acts of the corporation ; and the capacity to sue and be sued by its corporate name .
the death or withdrawal of members , or the addition of new members from time to time , does not impair the continuity and identity of the body : ‘ in like manner ’ , as blackstone says , ‘ the river thames is still the same river , though the parts which [form/contain] it are changing every instant ' ; the use of a common seal as evidence of at least the more formal acts of the corporation ; and the capacity to sue and be sued by its corporate name .

Abutting the Skeleton Coast , that legendary graveyard of mariners and ships , it is here that the last of the world 's black rhino range free , while galloping hyenas and lunging kudu buck comprise the main traffic hazards .
abutting the skeleton coast , that legendary graveyard of mariners and ships , it is here that the last of the world 's black rhino range free , while galloping hyenas and lunging kudu buck [form/contain] the main traffic hazards .

While it remains unclear to this reader exactly what moral or spiritual relations are set forth in the three stories which comprise the titular parables , Proofs , the main part of the present volume , concerns itself with how the collapse of communism threatens the whole Western intellectual tradition of idealism and asceticism .
while it remains unclear to this reader exactly what moral or spiritual relations are set forth in the three stories which [form/contain] the titular parables , proofs , the main part of the present volume , concerns itself with how the collapse of communism threatens the whole western intellectual tradition of idealism and asceticism .

His £44,000 of quoted shares comprise mainly £40,000 of British Petroleum and only 2,345 in the failed Maxwell Communication Corporation .
his £44,000 of quoted shares [form/contain] mainly £40,000 of british petroleum and only 2,345 in the failed maxwell communication corporation .

The eight self-contained villages which comprise this modern Club each have their own character but there are no boundaries , you 're free to wander and use all the facilities .
the eight self-contained villages which [form/contain] this modern club each have their own character but there are no boundaries , you 're free to wander and use all the facilities .

All the apartments have private facilities and comprise bedroom , bathroom , living/dining room , with kitchenette and private terrace , sleeping 2–4 people .
all the apartments have private facilities and [form/contain] bedroom , bathroom , living/dining room , with kitchenette and private terrace , sleeping 2–4 people .

The apartments are comfortable and modern and comprise two bedroomed apartments for 2–4 people , 3 bedroomed apartments for 4–6 and studios for 2 or 3 people .
the apartments are comfortable and modern and [form/contain] two bedroomed apartments for 2–4 people , 3 bedroomed apartments for 4–6 and studios for 2 or 3 people .

c ) Several phases of dyke emplacement took place : 1 ) an early group which were intruded between the Scourie and Laxfordian events and which comprise mainly basic types , particularly metadolerites .
c ) several phases of dyke emplacement took place : 1 ) an early group which were intruded between the scourie and laxfordian events and which [form/contain] mainly basic types , particularly metadolerites .

Firstly , active and stabilised dune systems with irregular or moundy landforms comprise dune ridges and hillocks up to 30 metres high but , more usually , 5 metres high and 10 to 20 metres broad with intervening hollows and channels .
firstly , active and stabilised dune systems with irregular or moundy landforms [form/contain] dune ridges and hillocks up to 30 metres high but , more usually , 5 metres high and 10 to 20 metres broad with intervening hollows and channels .

This land type occurs on Pabbay , Boreray and Berneray ( Sound of Harris ) and on the islands from Eriskay to Mingulay , and the soils mainly comprise calcareous regosols .
this land type occurs on pabbay , boreray and berneray ( sound of harris ) and on the islands from eriskay to mingulay , and the soils mainly [form/contain] calcareous regosols .

Firstly , in the lowlands the drifts comprise poorly sorted loamy sands or sands , with a variable content of stones and boulders .
firstly , in the lowlands the drifts [form/contain] poorly sorted loamy sands or sands , with a variable content of stones and boulders .

In the case of Oxford University all the parts of the university comprise the University .
in the case of oxford university all the parts of the university [form/contain] the university .

These simple response systems , often only very loosely integrated , comprise elementary programmes with strategic designs .
these simple response systems , often only very loosely integrated , [form/contain] elementary programmes with strategic designs .

These ‘ schemata ’ , as he calls them , comprise the strategic elements of the organism 's elementary transactions with the world .
these ‘ schemata ’ , as he calls them , [form/contain] the strategic elements of the organism 's elementary transactions with the world .

Class-A antelopes are small and good at selecting plant parts to comprise a good diet .
class-a antelopes are small and good at selecting plant parts to [form/contain] a good diet .

The fact that small groups tend of necessity to comprise a membership of close kin favours the occurrence of kin selection and hence a high probability that cooperative behaviour will evolve .
the fact that small groups tend of necessity to [form/contain] a membership of close kin favours the occurrence of kin selection and hence a high probability that cooperative behaviour will evolve .

While the primates comprise only one of the several orders into which the class of mammals is divided , the group is of surpassing significance because man himself is classified within this order .
while the primates [form/contain] only one of the several orders into which the class of mammals is divided , the group is of surpassing significance because man himself is classified within this order .

Such relationships comprise uni-male reproductive groups or ‘ harems ’ .
such relationships [form/contain] uni-male reproductive groups or ‘ harems ’ .

Bands of hamadryas evidently comprise several patrilineal lineages of this kind ( Abbeglen 1976 ) .
bands of hamadryas evidently [form/contain] several patrilineal lineages of this kind ( abbeglen 1976 ) .

Troops are composed of both sexes , but , whereas young males normally emigrate , females remain to comprise the core of the unit .
troops are composed of both sexes , but , whereas young males normally emigrate , females remain to [form/contain] the core of the unit .

As Lord McCarthy noted some 13 years ago , the management side of the councils comprise ‘ employers who do not pay and paymasters who do not employ .
as lord mccarthy noted some 13 years ago , the management side of the councils [form/contain] ‘ employers who do not pay and paymasters who do not employ .

The remaining 10 dwellings comprise 9 bed-sitters and one apartment with a separate bedroom .
the remaining 10 dwellings [form/contain] 9 bed-sitters and one apartment with a separate bedroom .

One of the wards in Easton is ranked tenth highest in the number of households with use of only outside flush toilets out of the seventy wards which comprise the two district councils .
one of the wards in easton is ranked tenth highest in the number of households with use of only outside flush toilets out of the seventy wards which [form/contain] the two district councils .

Sections comprise approximately twenty policemen and women , made up mostly of regular constables , but each has attached to it a number of full-time reservists .
sections [form/contain] approximately twenty policemen and women , made up mostly of regular constables , but each has attached to it a number of full-time reservists .

In ethnomethodological terms , routine policing is a practical achievement accomplished through the practices ordinary policemen and women use in ‘ doing ’ the tasks which comprise their job .
in ethnomethodological terms , routine policing is a practical achievement accomplished through the practices ordinary policemen and women use in ‘ doing ’ the tasks which [form/contain] their job .

These social divisions have other effects , as we shall emphasize later , but they have very little influence on the duties which comprise routine police work , so that routine policing is largely unaffected by religion .
these social divisions have other effects , as we shall emphasize later , but they have very little influence on the duties which [form/contain] routine police work , so that routine policing is largely unaffected by religion .

The shift times are designed to place policemen on the streets at times when they will encounter the maximum number of members of the public , even though this public thus tends to comprise shoppers and tradespeople .
the shift times are designed to place policemen on the streets at times when they will encounter the maximum number of members of the public , even though this public thus tends to [form/contain] shoppers and tradespeople .

Men 's teams comprise five competitors plus two reserves .
men 's teams [form/contain] five competitors plus two reserves .

Like his other courses this one-year programme will comprise a mix of practical and business studies , though the practical side is more likely to look at machining , timber technology and forestry .
like his other courses this one-year programme will [form/contain] a mix of practical and business studies , though the practical side is more likely to look at machining , timber technology and forestry .

One agent , polymyxin , ( later found to comprise a family of closely related substances ) was reported independently from three separate laboratories in Britain and America in 1947 .
one agent , polymyxin , ( later found to [form/contain] a family of closely related substances ) was reported independently from three separate laboratories in britain and america in 1947 .

When the dust or the snow settles , the play-offs will comprise 10 teams — six division winners and two wild-card teams ( the best of the rest ) from each conference .
when the dust or the snow settles , the play-offs will [form/contain] 10 teams — six division winners and two wild-card teams ( the best of the rest ) from each conference .

The fields will comprise the leading eight in the world rankings at the end of this season and eight more players supplied by the host association or invited by the sponsors .
the fields will [form/contain] the leading eight in the world rankings at the end of this season and eight more players supplied by the host association or invited by the sponsors .

These comprise a 55bhp version of the 1272cc engine and , below that , a short-stroke 1043cc unit giving out 45bhp .
these [form/contain] a 55bhp version of the 1272cc engine and , below that , a short-stroke 1043cc unit giving out 45bhp .

Additional components comprise an extra electro-hydraulic control valve to actuate fourth-to-fifth and fifth-to-fourth shifts and the extra gear set itself .
additional components [form/contain] an extra electro-hydraulic control valve to actuate fourth-to-fifth and fifth-to-fourth shifts and the extra gear set itself .

From another view they comprise a mirror-image of that order .
from another view they [form/contain] a mirror-image of that order .

The Historic Royal Palaces — palaces owned by the Queen but not inhabited by her — comprise the Tower of London , Hampton Court Palace , Kew Palace and Queen Charlotte 's Cottage , Kensington Palace and the Banqueting House .
the historic royal palaces — palaces owned by the queen but not inhabited by her — [form/contain] the tower of london , hampton court palace , kew palace and queen charlotte 's cottage , kensington palace and the banqueting house .

The ‘ referral chain ' can comprise both individuals acting as private citizens and professionals operating on behalf of agencies .
the ‘ referral chain ' can [form/contain] both individuals acting as private citizens and professionals operating on behalf of agencies .

In both Flanders and the Netherlands boys comprise an estimated 60 per cent of the residential population .
in both flanders and the netherlands boys [form/contain] an estimated 60 per cent of the residential population .

Such anxieties are still informed by nineteenth-century pseudo-scientific genetic and biological explanations of racial difference and comprise distortion , fantasy and myth .
such anxieties are still informed by nineteenth-century pseudo-scientific genetic and biological explanations of racial difference and [form/contain] distortion , fantasy and myth .

These typically comprise the registration of objects , location of the items , stock-taking and auditing processes , as well as the longer-term creation of catalogues and other adjuncts to research .
these typically [form/contain] the registration of objects , location of the items , stock-taking and auditing processes , as well as the longer-term creation of catalogues and other adjuncts to research .

It has been said to comprise a central group — Alain Robbe-Grillet , Nathalie Sarraute , Claude Simon , Michel Butor , Robert Pinget — with Marguerite Duras and even Samuel Beckett as ‘ co-opted ’ members .
it has been said to [form/contain] a central group — alain robbe-grillet , nathalie sarraute , claude simon , michel butor , robert pinget — with marguerite duras and even samuel beckett as ‘ co-opted ’ members .

The 24 texts which comprise her first work , Tropismes ( 1939 ) , are in fact closer to prose poems than traditional narrative .
the 24 texts which [form/contain] her first work , tropismes ( 1939 ) , are in fact closer to prose poems than traditional narrative .

Dr Boris Zhurid , director of the Aquamarine Dolphinarium in Sebastopol , said yesterday that the floating oceanarium , once completed , would comprise a tug with three swimming pools to carry a variety of sea animals .
dr boris zhurid , director of the aquamarine dolphinarium in sebastopol , said yesterday that the floating oceanarium , once completed , would [form/contain] a tug with three swimming pools to carry a variety of sea animals .

All concerned have long since settled differences and Barnes , whose colleagues will comprise a leavening of senior hands amid a group of aspiring internationals , is happy to have an influential role .
all concerned have long since settled differences and barnes , whose colleagues will [form/contain] a leavening of senior hands amid a group of aspiring internationals , is happy to have an influential role .

Arrighi and Saul more specifically consider the labour aristocracy to comprise the skilled technicians in large factories and sub-elite of clerks and teachers ( Lloyd 1982 ) .
arrighi and saul more specifically consider the labour aristocracy to [form/contain] the skilled technicians in large factories and sub-elite of clerks and teachers ( lloyd 1982 ) .

Facilities within the pavilion at the County Ground in Derby continue to be problematical , and all depends on the success of the proposed ground development scheme , which will comprise a multi-purpose sports hall , undercover seating , catering and hospitality boxes .
facilities within the pavilion at the county ground in derby continue to be problematical , and all depends on the success of the proposed ground development scheme , which will [form/contain] a multi-purpose sports hall , undercover seating , catering and hospitality boxes .

126 acres of parkland comprise ornamental flower gardens , rare trees , a scented garden for the blind , boating lakes and an aviary .
126 acres of parkland [form/contain] ornamental flower gardens , rare trees , a scented garden for the blind , boating lakes and an aviary .

The League of Nations rejected their offer , ruling that the Board should comprise equal numbers of Poles and Germans with a neutral chairman .
the league of nations rejected their offer , ruling that the board should [form/contain] equal numbers of poles and germans with a neutral chairman .

It would comprise a basic allowance to compensate for the restrictions imposed by disability , regardless of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income maintenance element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment capacity was reduced partially by disability .
it would [form/contain] a basic allowance to compensate for the restrictions imposed by disability , regardless of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income maintenance element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment capacity was reduced partially by disability .

Taylor and Urquhart concede that such works may comprise as much as 10 % of the total and suggest that when the date of imprint method is used for weeding the 10 % must be identified in some other way .
taylor and urquhart concede that such works may [form/contain] as much as 10 % of the total and suggest that when the date of imprint method is used for weeding the 10 % must be identified in some other way .

Steadily increasing amounts of their time , energy and money are being devoted to reckoning with us , not on the merits of the issues involved for the most part , but instead with a view to destroying our movement by discrediting those who comprise it .
steadily increasing amounts of their time , energy and money are being devoted to reckoning with us , not on the merits of the issues involved for the most part , but instead with a view to destroying our movement by discrediting those who [form/contain] it .

The fundamental focus of value , according to these thinkers , is the whole , not the part — the ecosystem , not the individuals who comprise it .
the fundamental focus of value , according to these thinkers , is the whole , not the part — the ecosystem , not the individuals who [form/contain] it .

The carbonate mudstones which comprise the Stinkdolomit also have important potential as reservoir rocks ( Fig .
the carbonate mudstones which [form/contain] the stinkdolomit also have important potential as reservoir rocks ( fig .

Large or small organisations may comprise a variety of functional groups , some undertaking essentially manual tasks ( eg assembling or manufacturing components ) , others involved with sales , marketing , costing etc , and others with indirect support work such as typing , filing , and the distribution of correspondence .
large or small organisations may [form/contain] a variety of functional groups , some undertaking essentially manual tasks ( eg assembling or manufacturing components ) , others involved with sales , marketing , costing etc , and others with indirect support work such as typing , filing , and the distribution of correspondence .

As explained in Chapter 8 , the output from the comparison stage will be an agenda for debate about areas where some improvement appears to be possible ; in practice this may comprise a list of problems that the analyst has identified for discussion with the client so that one or more can be selected for further study .
as explained in chapter 8 , the output from the comparison stage will be an agenda for debate about areas where some improvement appears to be possible ; in practice this may [form/contain] a list of problems that the analyst has identified for discussion with the client so that one or more can be selected for further study .

The recordings comprise passages read from written accounts of parliamentary speeches by William Lynd , who made a living in the early 1890s by demonstrating and lecturing on the phonograph .
the recordings [form/contain] passages read from written accounts of parliamentary speeches by william lynd , who made a living in the early 1890s by demonstrating and lecturing on the phonograph .

more often than not it lacks continuity and progression or any serious attempt to ensure that adequate time and attention are given to the elements said to comprise the topic .
more often than not it lacks continuity and progression or any serious attempt to ensure that adequate time and attention are given to the elements said to [form/contain] the topic .

Groups , like the people that comprise them , come in different shapes and sizes .
groups , like the people that [form/contain] them , come in different shapes and sizes .

Here is a checklist of the key behaviours which comprise the roles of co-ordinator , challenger , doer , thinker and supporter ( for an introduction to these roles see Teams on page 161 ) .
here is a checklist of the key behaviours which [form/contain] the roles of co-ordinator , challenger , doer , thinker and supporter ( for an introduction to these roles see teams on page 161 ) .

Mandatory exceptions comprise :
mandatory exceptions [form/contain] :

Both ranges comprise a wedding invitation , evening invitation , Order of Service , menu , place cards and napkin ring with complimentary napkin .
both ranges [form/contain] a wedding invitation , evening invitation , order of service , menu , place cards and napkin ring with complimentary napkin .

Situated in the middle of the Mediterranean , between Spain and Africa , the islands of Formentera , Ibiza , Minorca and Majorca that comprise the Balearic archipelago are now firmly part of Spain .
situated in the middle of the mediterranean , between spain and africa , the islands of formentera , ibiza , minorca and majorca that [form/contain] the balearic archipelago are now firmly part of spain .

The centre will comprise the synchrotron and three adjoining laboratories .
the centre will [form/contain] the synchrotron and three adjoining laboratories .

The best examples , in Newcastle upon Tyne and Birmingham , comprise mixtures of ash ( Fraxinus excelsior ) , sycamore ( Acer pseudo platanus ) , laburnum ( Laburnum anagyroides ) , hawthorn ( Crataegus monogyna ) , Swedish whitebeam ( Sorbus intermedia ) , crab apple ( Malus sylvestris ) , goat willow ( Salix caprea ) , guelder rose ( Viburnum opulus ) and broom ( Cytisus scoparius ) .
the best examples , in newcastle upon tyne and birmingham , [form/contain] mixtures of ash ( fraxinus excelsior ) , sycamore ( acer pseudo platanus ) , laburnum ( laburnum anagyroides ) , hawthorn ( crataegus monogyna ) , swedish whitebeam ( sorbus intermedia ) , crab apple ( malus sylvestris ) , goat willow ( salix caprea ) , guelder rose ( viburnum opulus ) and broom ( cytisus scoparius ) .

Unlike a company , a partnership possesses no legal personality separate from the partners that comprise it .
unlike a company , a partnership possesses no legal personality separate from the partners that [form/contain] it .

Each creature perceives just exactly the right amount of the energetic interactions which comprise the physical universe and its creatures .
each creature perceives just exactly the right amount of the energetic interactions which [form/contain] the physical universe and its creatures .

The label 's début release will be Volume 1 of an anthology devoted to the work of British women composers , including the music of Dame Elizabeth Maconchy ; the second Lontano disc will comprise the works of Villa-Lobos and is due for launch in July .
the label 's début release will be volume 1 of an anthology devoted to the work of british women composers , including the music of dame elizabeth maconchy ; the second lontano disc will [form/contain] the works of villa-lobos and is due for launch in july .

Proteins , which generally comprise about half the total mass of biomembranes , determine the specific membrane functions .
proteins , which generally [form/contain] about half the total mass of biomembranes , determine the specific membrane functions .

Together they comprise a course programme which in range and choice is amongst the best in the United Kingdom .
together they [form/contain] a course programme which in range and choice is amongst the best in the united kingdom .

Frauds comprise almost 5 % of all recorded indictable ( serious ) crime in England and Wales , compared to only 0.5 % in 1928 .
frauds [form/contain] almost 5 % of all recorded indictable ( serious ) crime in england and wales , compared to only 0.5 % in 1928 .

Crimes of violence comprise less than 4 per cent of recorded crime , and while crimes of violence have risen rapidly in numbers in the post-war period there have been changes in the pattern of such offences .
crimes of violence [form/contain] less than 4 per cent of recorded crime , and while crimes of violence have risen rapidly in numbers in the post-war period there have been changes in the pattern of such offences .

Records of their findings now comprise the Library of Visitation Books of the College of Arms , and a number have been published by the Harleian Society .
records of their findings now [form/contain] the library of visitation books of the college of arms , and a number have been published by the harleian society .

Methodist Archives and Research Centre ( Manchester ) The collections are housed in the John Rylands Library and comprise documents and books devoted to the religious history of the denomination .
methodist archives and research centre ( manchester ) the collections are housed in the john rylands library and [form/contain] documents and books devoted to the religious history of the denomination .

Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust ( Telford ) Established in 1968 , the Museum Trust conserves the unique industrial remains of the area , which comprise coke-smelting furnaces , the world 's first iron bridge , china factories and much more .
ironbridge gorge museum trust ( telford ) established in 1968 , the museum trust conserves the unique industrial remains of the area , which [form/contain] coke-smelting furnaces , the world 's first iron bridge , china factories and much more .

While nuclear power and genetic engineering may appear on the surface to be unconnected they have much in common ; the term nuclear , for example , relates to nucleus which is a characteristic of both inorganic atoms and organic cells that comprise the fundamental components of living organisms .
while nuclear power and genetic engineering may appear on the surface to be unconnected they have much in common ; the term nuclear , for example , relates to nucleus which is a characteristic of both inorganic atoms and organic cells that [form/contain] the fundamental components of living organisms .

Calculating the “ target size ” of such mutations , Schrödinger realized that a gene could comprise at most a few hundred or thousand atoms .
calculating the “ target size ” of such mutations , schrödinger realized that a gene could [form/contain] at most a few hundred or thousand atoms .

Its paintings comprise a Rembrandt portrait of Saskia van Uylenburgh , dated the year they were married ; Hieronymus Bosch at his most diabolical ; a rich repository of Goya official portraits , colorful sketches of real life , and haunting scenes of witches and horrors ; El Greco ’ s sensitive St. Francis of Assisi and an early ( 1562 ) picture from his Venetian period ; and the English painters Reynolds , Gainsborough , and Constable .
its paintings [form/contain] a rembrandt portrait of saskia van uylenburgh , dated the year they were married ; hieronymus bosch at his most diabolical ; a rich repository of goya official portraits , colorful sketches of real life , and haunting scenes of witches and horrors ; el greco ’ s sensitive st. francis of assisi and an early ( 1562 ) picture from his venetian period ; and the english painters reynolds , gainsborough , and constable .

The adjoining streets comprise one of Japan ’ s finest centers for traditional Japanese style tables , screens , lamps , scrolls , and other refined furnishings .
the adjoining streets [form/contain] one of japan ’ s finest centers for traditional japanese style tables , screens , lamps , scrolls , and other refined furnishings .

Both the Inner and Outer shrines comprise a main hall and two treasure houses , each enclosed within four fences .
both the inner and outer shrines [form/contain] a main hall and two treasure houses , each enclosed within four fences .

Palestinians comprise one of the most educated and cosmopolitan populations in the Middle East , and within the Old City — in the bazaars and neighborhood enclaves that surround the great Christian and Islamic holy sites — an intimate and very traditional urban style of life is maintained , filled with the courtesy and caring found in communities where there are no strangers .
palestinians [form/contain] one of the most educated and cosmopolitan populations in the middle east , and within the old city — in the bazaars and neighborhood enclaves that surround the great christian and islamic holy sites — an intimate and very traditional urban style of life is maintained , filled with the courtesy and caring found in communities where there are no strangers .

Shopping The weaving maze of small streets that comprise many old towns in the Aegean contains a fascinating mixture of art and sculpture galleries , jewelers , clothing boutiques , and stores selling collectibles .
shopping the weaving maze of small streets that [form/contain] many old towns in the aegean contains a fascinating mixture of art and sculpture galleries , jewelers , clothing boutiques , and stores selling collectibles .

This resulted in the emergence of a new class of so-called “ statesmen ” or yeomen farmers , who came to comprise a new middle class .
this resulted in the emergence of a new class of so-called “ statesmen ” or yeomen farmers , who came to [form/contain] a new middle class .

The Huntington Library , Art Collections and Botanical Gardens comprise a 207-acre ( 84-hectare ) estate once owned by railroad tycoon Henry E. Huntington .
the huntington library , art collections and botanical gardens [form/contain] a 207-acre ( 84-hectare ) estate once owned by railroad tycoon henry e. huntington .

Hispanic Americans comprise the largest ethnic group of all , with numbers fast approaching 40 percent of the population .
hispanic americans [form/contain] the largest ethnic group of all , with numbers fast approaching 40 percent of the population .

Its 14 hectares ( 34 acres ) comprise Bermuda ’ s largest wildlife sanctuary , a home for migratory and native bird species alike .
its 14 hectares ( 34 acres ) [form/contain] bermuda ’ s largest wildlife sanctuary , a home for migratory and native bird species alike .

Today the remains of all three fortifications comprise Ferry Point Park , where it is possible to explore the forts at your leisure , walk through woodland , and enjoy the beauties of Lover ’ s Lake .
today the remains of all three fortifications [form/contain] ferry point park , where it is possible to explore the forts at your leisure , walk through woodland , and enjoy the beauties of lover ’ s lake .

The prints and watercolors that comprise the impressive Kupferstichkabinett ( Engravings Collection ) were transferred from Museumsinsel and Dahlem to a new home in Matthäiskirchplatz in mid-1993 .
the prints and watercolors that [form/contain] the impressive kupferstichkabinett ( engravings collection ) were transferred from museumsinsel and dahlem to a new home in matthäiskirchplatz in mid-1993 .

They comprise :
they [form/contain] :

The townships that comprise the modern Mitte district grew up around market places over which the people ’ s churches , the Nikolaikirche and Marienkirche , still tower today .
the townships that [form/contain] the modern mitte district grew up around market places over which the people ’ s churches , the nikolaikirche and marienkirche , still tower today .

The 700 islands and numerous smaller cays ( pronounced “ keys ” ) that comprise this semitropical archipelago start 55 miles ( 90 km ) east of Palm Beach , Florida , and arc 600 miles ( 970 km ) southeast toward eastern Cuba and Haiti , like a series of stepping stones linking North America with the Caribbean .
the 700 islands and numerous smaller cays ( pronounced “ keys ” ) that [form/contain] this semitropical archipelago start 55 miles ( 90 km ) east of palm beach , florida , and arc 600 miles ( 970 km ) southeast toward eastern cuba and haiti , like a series of stepping stones linking north america with the caribbean .

The Chengde Summer Palace today is demarcated by a wall 91⁄2 km ( 6 miles ) around , and its grounds comprise the largest surviving imperial garden in China .
the chengde summer palace today is demarcated by a wall 91⁄2 km ( 6 miles ) around , and its grounds [form/contain] the largest surviving imperial garden in china .

However , the standards comprise the summaries in the boxes and the entire text of the explanations .
however , the standards [form/contain] the summaries in the boxes and the entire text of the explanations .

FEDERAL MISSION PROPERTY , PLANT , AND EQUIPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION Federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) comprise certain PP & E that possess at least one of each of the two types of the following characteristics relating to the use of the property and its useful life .
federal mission property , plant , and equipment annual stewardship information federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) [form/contain] certain pp & e that possess at least one of each of the two types of the following characteristics relating to the use of the property and its useful life .

The costs of annual fit testing , estimated to be $ 67 million , and annual training , estimated to cost $ 35.9 million , comprise 90 percent of the total costs .
the costs of annual fit testing , estimated to be $ 67 million , and annual training , estimated to cost $ 35.9 million , [form/contain] 90 percent of the total costs .

Federal facilities comprise a portfolio of significant , durable assets that have been acquired to support specific functions and missions and the Practices in Federal general conduct of the government 's business .
federal facilities [form/contain] a portfolio of significant , durable assets that have been acquired to support specific functions and missions and the practices in federal general conduct of the government 's business .

Some states , like California and New Jersey , comprise multiple service areas and , therefore , feature multiple LSC-funded grantees .
some states , like california and new jersey , [form/contain] multiple service areas and , therefore , feature multiple lsc-funded grantees .

The Northeast and mid-Atlantic States that comprise the Ozone Transport Region have developed a region-wide NOx emissions trading program ( the Ozone Transport Commission NOx Budget Program ) .
the northeast and mid-atlantic states that [form/contain] the ozone transport region have developed a region-wide nox emissions trading program ( the ozone transport commission nox budget program ) .

We provide indirect confirming evidence of the hypothesis , using the fact that the model implies that mail processing and delivery costs will comprise specific percentages of total costs at specific per capita volume levels .
we provide indirect confirming evidence of the hypothesis , using the fact that the model implies that mail processing and delivery costs will [form/contain] specific percentages of total costs at specific per capita volume levels .

These statutes are laws that comprise the letter mail monopoly .
these statutes are laws that [form/contain] the letter mail monopoly .

The editorial teams running the first three PLoS community journals already comprise a group of over 80 researchers , each headed by an editor-in-chief : Philip E. Bourne ( University of California , United States ) for PLoS Computational Biology ( www.ploscompbiol.org ) , Wayne N. Frankel ( The Jackson Laboratory , United States ) for PLoS Genetics ( www.plosgenetics.org ) , and John A. T. Young ( Salk Institute , United States ) for PLoS Pathogens ( www.plospathogens.org ) .
the editorial teams running the first three plos community journals already [form/contain] a group of over 80 researchers , each headed by an editor-in-chief : philip e. bourne ( university of california , united states ) for plos computational biology ( www.ploscompbiol.org ) , wayne n. frankel ( the jackson laboratory , united states ) for plos genetics ( www.plosgenetics.org ) , and john a. t. young ( salk institute , united states ) for plos pathogens ( www.plospathogens.org ) .

Such species still typically comprise different groups for mating purposes .
such species still typically [form/contain] different groups for mating purposes .

In order for the cell to sense and respond to its environment ( including other cells and the supporting structures that comprise the extracellular matrix [ ECM ] ) and for the environment to influence cell function ( including cell growth and movement ) , bidirectional signaling across the plasma membrane has to be mediated by receptors and other structures .
in order for the cell to sense and respond to its environment ( including other cells and the supporting structures that [form/contain] the extracellular matrix [ ecm ] ) and for the environment to influence cell function ( including cell growth and movement ) , bidirectional signaling across the plasma membrane has to be mediated by receptors and other structures .

Associated symptoms comprise delays in tasks requiring a vocal response ( Peters et al .
associated symptoms [form/contain] delays in tasks requiring a vocal response ( peters et al .

The members of the IDA would comprise the FIRST state dental association in the country to complete such a commitment to its state dental school .
the members of the ida would [form/contain] the first state dental association in the country to complete such a commitment to its state dental school .

These instances -- when public safety and fundamental rights conflict -- comprise one of the murkiest areas of constitutional law .
these instances -- when public safety and fundamental rights conflict -- [form/contain] one of the murkiest areas of constitutional law .

Commercial sites comprise only a fraction of online meteorology .
commercial sites [form/contain] only a fraction of online meteorology .

Time describes `` honor killings '' in Jordan , which comprise a quarter of the Arab nation 's homicides .
time describes `` honor killings '' in jordan , which [form/contain] a quarter of the arab nation 's homicides .

It should be noted of the library 's treatments of Mark Twain and Henry James , which Kerr covets for Gertrude Stein , that their thinnest volumes comprise 1,029 and 845 pages , respectively .
it should be noted of the library 's treatments of mark twain and henry james , which kerr covets for gertrude stein , that their thinnest volumes [form/contain] 1,029 and 845 pages , respectively .

The rope , the magnet , and the nail comprise a fine set of fasteners .
the rope , the magnet , and the nail [form/contain] a fine set of fasteners .

The undereducated , lower-middle-class white Southern males comprise the only identifiable class of people in our country that can still be insulted with impunity in today 's politically correct society .
the undereducated , lower-middle-class white southern males [form/contain] the only identifiable class of people in our country that can still be insulted with impunity in today 's politically correct society .

Christian-right activists now exercise significant control over 31 state Republican parties ; they are estimated to comprise one-fourth to one-third of the GOP primary vote and to swing 5-10 points to Republicans in general elections .
christian-right activists now exercise significant control over 31 state republican parties ; they are estimated to [form/contain] one-fourth to one-third of the gop primary vote and to swing 5-10 points to republicans in general elections .

Because Chatterbox had already done the calculations that comprise much of this item , he had to go back and redo several of them based on the 204 total .
because chatterbox had already done the calculations that [form/contain] much of this item , he had to go back and redo several of them based on the 204 total .

Seems that for two types of breast cancer that comprise about ten percent of all cases , what 's lucky is a ... Lucky .
seems that for two types of breast cancer that [form/contain] about ten percent of all cases , what 's lucky is a ... lucky .

The movie sets up the basic theme of Hughes ' subsequent -- and I would maintain all successful -- teen movies , which is to overthrow the stereotypes that comprise the basis of adolescent identity .
the movie sets up the basic theme of hughes ' subsequent -- and i would maintain all successful -- teen movies , which is to overthrow the stereotypes that [form/contain] the basis of adolescent identity .

Telecommunications companies , computer companies , and Internet service providers ( ISPs ) built , own , and operate all the phone lines and computer networks that comprise the Net .
telecommunications companies , computer companies , and internet service providers ( isps ) built , own , and operate all the phone lines and computer networks that [form/contain] the net .

The words or terms included herein comprise a mere cross-section , a sampler of the language of rural America , these coming only from the smallest state .
the words or terms included herein [form/contain] a mere cross-section , a sampler of the language of rural america , these coming only from the smallest state .

On one side , the Yupik comprise at least five separate languages in eastern Siberia and central and southern Alaska .
on one side , the yupik [form/contain] at least five separate languages in eastern siberia and central and southern alaska .

