A `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension .
a `` mental image '' subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the [simultaneous] sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension .

To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' .
to guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , calhoun developed his theory of `` [simultaneous] majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' .

In September , 1958 , the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with exacerbation of his anemia ; ;
in september , 1958 , the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was [simultaneous] with exacerbation of his anemia ; ;

But if this is the case , then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point , P , of **zg as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order Af having Af generators concurrent at P .
but if this is the case , then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point , p , of **zg as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order af having af generators [simultaneous] at p .

Since a ruled surface of order N with N concurrent generators is necessarily a cone , it follows finally that every line through a point , P , of **zg meets its image at P , as asserted .
since a ruled surface of order n with n [simultaneous] generators is necessarily a cone , it follows finally that every line through a point , p , of **zg meets its image at p , as asserted .

To put it differently , state and federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction with respect to most claims of federal right .
to put it differently , state and federal courts have [simultaneous] jurisdiction with respect to most claims of federal right .

A concurrent effort is needed to make oceanographic data useful on the spot .
a [simultaneous] effort is needed to make oceanographic data useful on the spot .

He was given six concurrent three-month jail sentences , suspended for a year , for supplying counterfeit tapes .
he was given six [simultaneous] three-month jail sentences , suspended for a year , for supplying counterfeit tapes .

Peter Taylor , 64 , also received concurrent sentences totalling 12 years for soliciting a man to commit the murder , conspiring with his daughter Susan Smith to murder her husband Howard and for soliciting Mr Smith 's murder .
peter taylor , 64 , also received [simultaneous] sentences totalling 12 years for soliciting a man to commit the murder , conspiring with his daughter susan smith to murder her husband howard and for soliciting mr smith 's murder .

All the jail terms are to run concurrent .
all the jail terms are to run [simultaneous] .

The operating system which arranges the sharing of the computer among several concurrent users , catalogues any data that are to be preserved in files for later use and provides various ‘ housekeeping ’ facilities helpful to the user ;
the operating system which arranges the sharing of the computer among several [simultaneous] users , catalogues any data that are to be preserved in files for later use and provides various ‘ housekeeping ’ facilities helpful to the user ;

Cross also admitted two counts of mortgage fraud and was given nine months concurrent for each .
cross also admitted two counts of mortgage fraud and was given nine months [simultaneous] for each .

Fenton was given 18 months detention in a young offenders institution for the aggravated burglary and 12 months concurrent for each of the other offences .
fenton was given 18 months detention in a young offenders institution for the aggravated burglary and 12 months [simultaneous] for each of the other offences .

Competitions for consumer goods are usually promoted on the pack concurrent with in-store promotion .
competitions for consumer goods are usually promoted on the pack [simultaneous] with in-store promotion .

This has meant heavy advertising expenditures , and the concurrent merchandising activities at point-of-sale have been necessary to ensure that the goods are promoted in-store to back up advertising .
this has meant heavy advertising expenditures , and the [simultaneous] merchandising activities at point-of-sale have been necessary to ensure that the goods are promoted in-store to back up advertising .

The disruption of world markets in the aftermath of the war , the waves of protectionism and concurrent fall in export sales inevitably affected the Champagne trade as it razed other industries ; 1932 proved disastrous with virtually no buyers for Champagne .
the disruption of world markets in the aftermath of the war , the waves of protectionism and [simultaneous] fall in export sales inevitably affected the champagne trade as it razed other industries ; 1932 proved disastrous with virtually no buyers for champagne .

Concurrent Computer Corp saw third quarter net profit up 15.2 % at $ 1.0m on sales up 2.2 % at $ 56.1m ; net for the nine months was $ 2.7m , down from $ 60.1m , but last year 's figure was after a $ 61.1m gain on early repayment of debt , on sales off 3.1 % at $ 164.8m .
[simultaneous] computer corp saw third quarter net profit up 15.2 % at $ 1.0m on sales up 2.2 % at $ 56.1m ; net for the nine months was $ 2.7m , down from $ 60.1m , but last year 's figure was after a $ 61.1m gain on early repayment of debt , on sales off 3.1 % at $ 164.8m .

Concurrent Computer Corp , Oceanport , New Jersey says it intends to file a registration statement soon for a public offer of shares sufficient to raise about $ 60m .
[simultaneous] computer corp , oceanport , new jersey says it intends to file a registration statement soon for a public offer of shares sufficient to raise about $ 60m .

Concurrent wants to apply proceeds from the sale to redemption in full of its senior subordinated debt — 12.08 % senior subordinated notes due 1997 , with $ 66m face amount plus accrued interest out there .
[simultaneous] wants to apply proceeds from the sale to redemption in full of its senior subordinated debt — 12.08 % senior subordinated notes due 1997 , with $ 66m face amount plus accrued interest out there .

Concurrent stimulation and therapy from professional staff — play therapists , speech therapists , nursery teachers — can encourage development within the child so that his or her behaviour changes and becomes more rewarding to the parent ( Linscheid and Rasnake 1985 ) .
[simultaneous] stimulation and therapy from professional staff — play therapists , speech therapists , nursery teachers — can encourage development within the child so that his or her behaviour changes and becomes more rewarding to the parent ( linscheid and rasnake 1985 ) .

However , if the old test is obviously defective — for example , if it is based on out-of-date linguistic theories and thus lacks construct validity — this measure of concurrent validity will not be very meaningful .
however , if the old test is obviously defective — for example , if it is based on out-of-date linguistic theories and thus lacks construct validity — this measure of [simultaneous] validity will not be very meaningful .

Measures of concurrent validity must therefore be examined in order to determine whether the comparison measure is , in itself , a valid measure of the linguistic ability in question .
measures of [simultaneous] validity must therefore be examined in order to determine whether the comparison measure is , in itself , a valid measure of the linguistic ability in question .

An alternative to concurrent validity involves comparing a test score at one point in time with another measure of language performance obtained sometime subsequently .
an alternative to [simultaneous] validity involves comparing a test score at one point in time with another measure of language performance obtained sometime subsequently .

The three following mornings took the form of plenary sessions with , on the Monday and Tuesday afternoons , a menu of concurrent special interest sessions from which participants could choose .
the three following mornings took the form of plenary sessions with , on the monday and tuesday afternoons , a menu of [simultaneous] special interest sessions from which participants could choose .

We report here the concurrent observation of processes ( 1 ) - ( 6 ) , which we follow by monitoring ozone and peroxide concentrations in surface air .
we report here the [simultaneous] observation of processes ( 1 ) - ( 6 ) , which we follow by monitoring ozone and peroxide concentrations in surface air .

1 ) suggests the existence of concurrent , possibly interconnected , giant lakes throughout the subcontinent .
1 ) suggests the existence of [simultaneous] , possibly interconnected , giant lakes throughout the subcontinent .

Yet both sides expressed satisfaction that the Israeli-Palestinian talks were finally catching up with the concurrent negotiations between Israel and its other Arab adversaries , Jordan , Lebanon and Syria .
yet both sides expressed satisfaction that the israeli-palestinian talks were finally catching up with the [simultaneous] negotiations between israel and its other arab adversaries , jordan , lebanon and syria .

Running concurrent with this , however , was a belief that the community in the post-war period did little to ensure or support such life styles .
running [simultaneous] with this , however , was a belief that the community in the post-war period did little to ensure or support such life styles .

This year there are not two , but three concurrent contemporary art fairs at different sites around the city .
this year there are not two , but three [simultaneous] contemporary art fairs at different sites around the city .

The same symbols can also be made to follow the concurrent behaviour of members of a team ( Chapanis , 1959 ) .
the same symbols can also be made to follow the [simultaneous] behaviour of members of a team ( chapanis , 1959 ) .

Irvine , California-based Pick Systems in its umpteenth resurgence has rehired two of its old lieutenants : Richard Lauer , who 's been off for six years at Sequoia Computer Systems Inc , returns as vice president , sales and Tim Holland , credited with many of Pick 's technical developments , returns from stints at Sequoia and Concurrent Computer Corp to be senior vice president , technology .
irvine , california-based pick systems in its umpteenth resurgence has rehired two of its old lieutenants : richard lauer , who 's been off for six years at sequoia computer systems inc , returns as vice president , sales and tim holland , credited with many of pick 's technical developments , returns from stints at sequoia and [simultaneous] computer corp to be senior vice president , technology .

Pick Systems in its umpteenth resurgence has rehired two of its old lieutenants : Richard Lauer , who 's been off for six years at Sequoia Computer Systems Inc , returns as vice president , sales and Tim Holland , credited with many of Pick 's technical developments , returns from stints at Sequoia and Concurrent Computer Corp to be senior vice president , technology .
pick systems in its umpteenth resurgence has rehired two of its old lieutenants : richard lauer , who 's been off for six years at sequoia computer systems inc , returns as vice president , sales and tim holland , credited with many of pick 's technical developments , returns from stints at sequoia and [simultaneous] computer corp to be senior vice president , technology .

Nonetheless , these broad relationships remain permissive rather than causal and , although rural recreation studies have produced remarkably concurrent findings , as outlined earlier in this chapter , while these relationships remain permissive it is still fair to ask if rural recreation geography has come of age .
nonetheless , these broad relationships remain permissive rather than causal and , although rural recreation studies have produced remarkably [simultaneous] findings , as outlined earlier in this chapter , while these relationships remain permissive it is still fair to ask if rural recreation geography has come of age .

Even where a particular exemption clause or disclaimer was deemed valid , the shipper could avoid it if a breach of one of the overriding obligations was a concurrent cause .
even where a particular exemption clause or disclaimer was deemed valid , the shipper could avoid it if a breach of one of the overriding obligations was a [simultaneous] cause .

For example , if the direct file were being used by an on-line system there could be several concurrent terminal tasks at any one time using the file , and queues would then develop .
for example , if the direct file were being used by an on-line system there could be several [simultaneous] terminal tasks at any one time using the file , and queues would then develop .

These two are always concurrent aspects of the same process , and are always united in a subject 's mode of becoming .
these two are always [simultaneous] aspects of the same process , and are always united in a subject 's mode of becoming .

It is thus clear on the basis of all these authorities that at the present time universities can create a jurisdiction for the visitor which excludes the concurrent and appellate jurisdiction of the courts .
it is thus clear on the basis of all these authorities that at the present time universities can create a jurisdiction for the visitor which excludes the [simultaneous] and appellate jurisdiction of the courts .

Concurrent verbalisation was found to reduce balancing times for the right hand but not the left hand .
[simultaneous] verbalisation was found to reduce balancing times for the right hand but not the left hand .

Lomas and Kimura ( 1976 ) examined the effect of concurrent vocalisation on different manual tasks .
lomas and kimura ( 1976 ) examined the effect of [simultaneous] vocalisation on different manual tasks .

Since a performance decrement for both hands , rather than a lateralised impairment , was found when a single button was pressed repetitively with one finger Lomas and Kimura suggested that `` it is the rapid positioning of a limb , or parts of a limb , … which is related to the lateralised decrement produced by concurrent speaking . ``
since a performance decrement for both hands , rather than a lateralised impairment , was found when a single button was pressed repetitively with one finger lomas and kimura suggested that `` it is the rapid positioning of a limb , or parts of a limb , … which is related to the lateralised decrement produced by [simultaneous] speaking . ``

However , Nicks , — Bradshaw , Kinsbourne and Feigin ( 1978 ) found that concurrent verbalisation increased response times for both hands on a typing task but more so for the right hand .
however , nicks , — bradshaw , kinsbourne and feigin ( 1978 ) found that [simultaneous] verbalisation increased response times for both hands on a typing task but more so for the right hand .

It may be helpful at this point to distinguish between two possible sources of interference between concurrent tasks .
it may be helpful at this point to distinguish between two possible sources of interference between [simultaneous] tasks .

Concurrent reading reduced the rate of tapping more for the right than for the left finger .
[simultaneous] reading reduced the rate of tapping more for the right than for the left finger .

Part of Kinsbourne 's evidence for this view is that on tachistoscopic tasks for which no left.right hemifield asymmetry is normally observed concurrent verbalisation can induce a left.right difference in favour of the right visual hemifield .
part of kinsbourne 's evidence for this view is that on tachistoscopic tasks for which no left.right hemifield asymmetry is normally observed [simultaneous] verbalisation can induce a left.right difference in favour of the right visual hemifield .

On a task requiring the subject to detect and respond to a small gap in one of the sides of a square Kinsbourne ( 1973 ) found concurrent verbalisation to lead to a right hemifield superiority and humming to lead-to a bias in detecting gaps in the left visual hemifield .
on a task requiring the subject to detect and respond to a small gap in one of the sides of a square kinsbourne ( 1973 ) found [simultaneous] verbalisation to lead to a right hemifield superiority and humming to lead-to a bias in detecting gaps in the left visual hemifield .

Nonetheless there is sufficient evidence to suggest that concurrent performance of certain cognitive tasks can in some circumstances alter left-right perceptual asymmetries ( Kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; Hellige , 1978 ; Hellige , Cox and Litvac , 1979 ; Allard and Bryden , 1979 ; Rizzolatti , Bertolini and Buchtel , 1979 ; Beaumont and Colley , 1980 ) … The problem is that the additional task has sometimes been found to facilitate performance in the visual field opposite the supposedly activated hemisphere and in other cases has been found to impair performance .
nonetheless there is sufficient evidence to suggest that [simultaneous] performance of certain cognitive tasks can in some circumstances alter left-right perceptual asymmetries ( kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; hellige , 1978 ; hellige , cox and litvac , 1979 ; allard and bryden , 1979 ; rizzolatti , bertolini and buchtel , 1979 ; beaumont and colley , 1980 ) … the problem is that the additional task has sometimes been found to facilitate performance in the visual field opposite the supposedly activated hemisphere and in other cases has been found to impair performance .

The conditions under which a concurrent memory load either facilitates or impairs performance on a primary cognitive task was further investigated in a series of experiments by Hellige , Cox and Litvac ( 1979 ) .
the conditions under which a [simultaneous] memory load either facilitates or impairs performance on a primary cognitive task was further investigated in a series of experiments by hellige , cox and litvac ( 1979 ) .

To account for their complex set of results they proposed that a concurrent task may have either general effects , that is , influence performance by both hemispheres , and/or specific effects which are restricted to one particular hemisphere .
to account for their complex set of results they proposed that a [simultaneous] task may have either general effects , that is , influence performance by both hemispheres , and/or specific effects which are restricted to one particular hemisphere .

The problem with Hellige 's formulation is that it can be used to explain any particular pattern of results but can not readily predict them since the nature and difficulty of both primary and concurrent tasks needs to be taken into account .
the problem with hellige 's formulation is that it can be used to explain any particular pattern of results but can not readily predict them since the nature and difficulty of both primary and [simultaneous] tasks needs to be taken into account .

Warshal and Spirduso ( 1981 ) argued that if inverters are less lateralised for language than non-inverters then differences between the left and right hands during performance of concurrent verbal-manual tasks ( see Chapter 4 ) should be smaller for inverters .
warshal and spirduso ( 1981 ) argued that if inverters are less lateralised for language than non-inverters then differences between the left and right hands during performance of [simultaneous] verbal-manual tasks ( see chapter 4 ) should be smaller for inverters .

Since a bilateral rather than a lateralised impairment was found when a single button was pressed repetitively with one finger , Lomas and Kimura suggested : … it is the rapid positioning of a limb , or parts of a limb , … which is related to the lateralised decrements produced by concurrent speaking .
since a bilateral rather than a lateralised impairment was found when a single button was pressed repetitively with one finger , lomas and kimura suggested : … it is the rapid positioning of a limb , or parts of a limb , … which is related to the lateralised decrements produced by [simultaneous] speaking .

In most cases of detinue there would be a concurrent liability in conversion based upon a demand and refusal to return but as we have seen conversion required a positive act and had never lain where the defendant once had the plaintiff 's goods but was unable to return them because they had been lost or negligently destroyed .
in most cases of detinue there would be a [simultaneous] liability in conversion based upon a demand and refusal to return but as we have seen conversion required a positive act and had never lain where the defendant once had the plaintiff 's goods but was unable to return them because they had been lost or negligently destroyed .

In patients with airways obstruction hypokalaemia induced by theophylline is compounded by concurrent treatment with β 2 adrenoceptor agonists and corticosteroids and by hypoxia .
in patients with airways obstruction hypokalaemia induced by theophylline is compounded by [simultaneous] treatment with β 2 adrenoceptor agonists and corticosteroids and by hypoxia .

Several factors are described as contributing to the diagnostic delay — presence of serious concurrent injuries and paucity of pathognomonic clinical signs ; simultaneous lung injuries may mask or mimic the diagnosis radiologically .
several factors are described as contributing to the diagnostic delay — presence of serious [simultaneous] injuries and paucity of pathognomonic clinical signs ; simultaneous lung injuries may mask or mimic the diagnosis radiologically .

Although formalised assessment is useful , other factors such as physical illness , family support , degree of isolation , concurrent psychiatric symptomatology etc are likely to determine an individual 's need for day hospital attendance .
although formalised assessment is useful , other factors such as physical illness , family support , degree of isolation , [simultaneous] psychiatric symptomatology etc are likely to determine an individual 's need for day hospital attendance .

We asked 422 patients who had used the combined pill at some time about their knowledge of appropriate secondary methods of contraception to be used in the event of forgotten pills , severe vomiting , severe diarrhoea , and concurrent antibiotic treatment .
we asked 422 patients who had used the combined pill at some time about their knowledge of appropriate secondary methods of contraception to be used in the event of forgotten pills , severe vomiting , severe diarrhoea , and [simultaneous] antibiotic treatment .

Moreover , within the Brompton study data , it is particularly difficult to interpret the regression coefficients ( which are adjusted for concurrent weight throughout ) in the youngest age groups .
moreover , within the brompton study data , it is particularly difficult to interpret the regression coefficients ( which are adjusted for [simultaneous] weight throughout ) in the youngest age groups .

For developing countries , this has been especially troublesome as we are faced with infectious and nutritional diseases concurrent with a new imposing force of non-communicable diseases .
for developing countries , this has been especially troublesome as we are faced with infectious and nutritional diseases [simultaneous] with a new imposing force of non-communicable diseases .

Now , if you set these changes against the objectives of the concurrent advertising campaigns for these brands , expressed in terms of changes of attitude , you find — if you are lucky — that the attitudes have , indeed , changed in the intended direction .
now , if you set these changes against the objectives of the [simultaneous] advertising campaigns for these brands , expressed in terms of changes of attitude , you find — if you are lucky — that the attitudes have , indeed , changed in the intended direction .

It follows that the approach of the coroner was : whatever other facts there may be , whatever the impact on the cause of death of any extraneous supervening or concurrent event , the death must be regarded as ‘ natural ’ and an inquest will not be held , unless it qualifies , in the opinion of the coroner , as something equivalent to gross negligence , that is to say in effect , manslaughter either by act or by neglect .
it follows that the approach of the coroner was : whatever other facts there may be , whatever the impact on the cause of death of any extraneous supervening or [simultaneous] event , the death must be regarded as ‘ natural ’ and an inquest will not be held , unless it qualifies , in the opinion of the coroner , as something equivalent to gross negligence , that is to say in effect , manslaughter either by act or by neglect .

In my opinion , where the medical cause of death is accompanied by concurrent events which themselves may be a cause of death , then there is a case for considering that the death is ‘ unnatural ’ and an inquest should be held .
in my opinion , where the medical cause of death is accompanied by [simultaneous] events which themselves may be a cause of death , then there is a case for considering that the death is ‘ unnatural ’ and an inquest should be held .

The judge imposed concurrent periods of three years ' imprisonment on Wright and two years on Christou on each of the charges to which they pleaded guilty .
the judge imposed [simultaneous] periods of three years ' imprisonment on wright and two years on christou on each of the charges to which they pleaded guilty .

Occam is a language for concurrent systems , especially those implemented on networks of communicating processors ( transputers ) .
occam is a language for [simultaneous] systems , especially those implemented on networks of communicating processors ( transputers ) .

’ And of Braque he wrote : ‘ Whether he paints a face , a fruit , the entire image pulses incessantly ; the painting is no longer an inert grouping of concurrent masses .
’ and of braque he wrote : ‘ whether he paints a face , a fruit , the entire image pulses incessantly ; the painting is no longer an inert grouping of [simultaneous] masses .

These are concurrent and complementary elements throughout the four years of the degree .
these are [simultaneous] and complementary elements throughout the four years of the degree .

most were set by several … [ and ] although one compositor might set a whole book , he would not normally be working on that book alone but would intersperse work on other jobs when it was called for … The shifting patterns of concurrent production meant that there could be no regular correlation between particular skeleton formes [ with their identifiable running titles ] and particular compositors or presses .
most were set by several … [ and ] although one compositor might set a whole book , he would not normally be working on that book alone but would intersperse work on other jobs when it was called for … the shifting patterns of [simultaneous] production meant that there could be no regular correlation between particular skeleton formes [ with their identifiable running titles ] and particular compositors or presses .

Concurrent with the growth of this car-based retailing , many people have observed a steady decline in traditional forms of town-centre retailing .
[simultaneous] with the growth of this car-based retailing , many people have observed a steady decline in traditional forms of town-centre retailing .

be working in appropriate concurrent full-time employment within the industry directly concerned with food and/or beverage preparation or service or with provision and/or service of accommodation .
be working in appropriate [simultaneous] full-time employment within the industry directly concerned with food and/or beverage preparation or service or with provision and/or service of accommodation .

be working in appropriate concurrent full-time employment in the hospitality industry and normally hold a post involving section or departmental responsibilities
be working in appropriate [simultaneous] full-time employment in the hospitality industry and normally hold a post involving section or departmental responsibilities

On the other hand , concurrent developments in semantics have isolated intractable phenomena of a parallel kind : presuppositions , speech acts and other context-dependent implications , together with troublesome phenomena like honorifics and discourse particles that had long been given short shrift in the work of generative grammarians Further , thought about the nature of the lexicon , and how one might construct a predictive concept of `` possible lexical item `` , has revealed the importance of pragmatic constraints ( see Horn , 1972 ; McCawley , 1978 ; Gazdar , 1979a : 68ff ) .
on the other hand , [simultaneous] developments in semantics have isolated intractable phenomena of a parallel kind : presuppositions , speech acts and other context-dependent implications , together with troublesome phenomena like honorifics and discourse particles that had long been given short shrift in the work of generative grammarians further , thought about the nature of the lexicon , and how one might construct a predictive concept of `` possible lexical item `` , has revealed the importance of pragmatic constraints ( see horn , 1972 ; mccawley , 1978 ; gazdar , 1979a : 68ff ) .

The magistrates ' court , county court and High Court have concurrent jurisdiction in proceedings under the Children Act .
the magistrates ' court , county court and high court have [simultaneous] jurisdiction in proceedings under the children act .

Where there are concurrent criminal proceedings a parent may seek an adjournment of the care proceedings until the criminal process is completed .
where there are [simultaneous] criminal proceedings a parent may seek an adjournment of the care proceedings until the criminal process is completed .

The court must consider the need to avoid delay when an adjournment is sought for any reason but particularly where there are concurrent care and criminal proceedings arising from the same facts .
the court must consider the need to avoid delay when an adjournment is sought for any reason but particularly where there are [simultaneous] care and criminal proceedings arising from the same facts .

The diagnosis of chronic haemonchosis is more difficult because of the concurrent presence of poor nutrition and confirmation may have to depend on the gradual disappearance of the syndrome after anthelmintic treatment .
the diagnosis of chronic haemonchosis is more difficult because of the [simultaneous] presence of poor nutrition and confirmation may have to depend on the gradual disappearance of the syndrome after anthelmintic treatment .

These signs may be accompanied by diarrhoea or anaemia due to concurrent gastrointestinal trichostrongy trichostrongylosis or fascioliasis .
these signs may be accompanied by diarrhoea or anaemia due to [simultaneous] gastrointestinal trichostrongy trichostrongylosis or fascioliasis .

Concurrent with the Stevens inquiry on mineral workings , there was an Advisory Committee on Aggregates under the chairmanship of Sir Ralph Verney which reported in 1976 .
[simultaneous] with the stevens inquiry on mineral workings , there was an advisory committee on aggregates under the chairmanship of sir ralph verney which reported in 1976 .

If the county court and the High Court have concurrent jurisdiction to hear the case proceedings may be commenced in either court ( art 4 ) , except that : ( 1 ) proceedings which include a claim for damages in respect of personal injuries must be commenced in the county court , unless the value of the action ( defined below ) is £50,000 or more ( art 5(1) ) ; personal injuries are defined as " personal injuries to the plaintiff or any other person and include disease , impairment of physical or mental condition , and death " ( art 5(2) ) ; ( 2 ) applications under s 19 of the Local Government Finance Act 1982 ( applications concerning decisions of local authority auditors ) and appeals under s 20 of that Act ( appeals against such decisions ) must be commenced in the High Court ( art 6 ) ; and ( 3 ) under s 1 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 the Lord Chancellor may by order require any other categories of case to be commenced in one or other court ; to date there are no such other orders .
if the county court and the high court have [simultaneous] jurisdiction to hear the case proceedings may be commenced in either court ( art 4 ) , except that : ( 1 ) proceedings which include a claim for damages in respect of personal injuries must be commenced in the county court , unless the value of the action ( defined below ) is £50,000 or more ( art 5(1) ) ; personal injuries are defined as " personal injuries to the plaintiff or any other person and include disease , impairment of physical or mental condition , and death " ( art 5(2) ) ; ( 2 ) applications under s 19 of the local government finance act 1982 ( applications concerning decisions of local authority auditors ) and appeals under s 20 of that act ( appeals against such decisions ) must be commenced in the high court ( art 6 ) ; and ( 3 ) under s 1 of the courts and legal services act 1990 the lord chancellor may by order require any other categories of case to be commenced in one or other court ; to date there are no such other orders .

Article 7 applies : ( 1 ) In general , but subject to the following , proceedings in which the High Court and county courts have concurrent jurisdiction may be tried in either court ( art 7 ( 1 ) ) .
article 7 applies : ( 1 ) in general , but subject to the following , proceedings in which the high court and county courts have [simultaneous] jurisdiction may be tried in either court ( art 7 ( 1 ) ) .

If concurrent investigations are to take place , the purchaser should meet its advisers as early as possible to ensure there is no duplication in the areas to be investigated and , more importantly , that all significant areas are covered in the investigation process .
if [simultaneous] investigations are to take place , the purchaser should meet its advisers as early as possible to ensure there is no duplication in the areas to be investigated and , more importantly , that all significant areas are covered in the investigation process .

In order to secure this conviction the trial court itself had to massage the current legal definition of a ‘ disorderly house ’ which hitherto has always involved some element of concurrent multiplicity of parties .
in order to secure this conviction the trial court itself had to massage the current legal definition of a ‘ disorderly house ’ which hitherto has always involved some element of [simultaneous] multiplicity of parties .

Pain was experienced by 67 per cent of all patients , most of whom experienced more at night , suggesting that a number of apparently ‘ venous ’ ulcers may have a concurrent ischaemic component .
pain was experienced by 67 per cent of all patients , most of whom experienced more at night , suggesting that a number of apparently ‘ venous ’ ulcers may have a [simultaneous] ischaemic component .

Behavioural problems at 3–4 years of age have also been associated with maternal depression , both concurrent and postnatal .
behavioural problems at 3–4 years of age have also been associated with maternal depression , both [simultaneous] and postnatal .

After the initial , concurrent budget resolution has been agreed , the committees go to work considering the president 's budget proposals in minute detail .
after the initial , [simultaneous] budget resolution has been agreed , the committees go to work considering the president 's budget proposals in minute detail .

Eventually a further final , concurrent budget resolution has to be voted on and submitted for the president 's signature , theoretically in time for the beginning of the financial year on 1 October .
eventually a further final , [simultaneous] budget resolution has to be voted on and submitted for the president 's signature , theoretically in time for the beginning of the financial year on 1 october .

This was followed eventually by the adoption by congress , as a whole , of a concurrent budget resolution including reconciliation instructions requiring the authorizing committees to cut approximately $ 36 billion from the financial year 1982 budget .
this was followed eventually by the adoption by congress , as a whole , of a [simultaneous] budget resolution including reconciliation instructions requiring the authorizing committees to cut approximately $ 36 billion from the financial year 1982 budget .

No concurrent increase in referrals from other sources was observed .
no [simultaneous] increase in referrals from other sources was observed .

Concurrent lactation and pregnancy can result in delayed implantation ( i.e .
[simultaneous] lactation and pregnancy can result in delayed implantation ( i.e .

Concurrent with this programme of activity , there are dozens of administrative jobs to be done .
[simultaneous] with this programme of activity , there are dozens of administrative jobs to be done .

First , the two tiers exercise concurrent powers in a wide range of services .
first , the two tiers exercise [simultaneous] powers in a wide range of services .

As a result , Stodart ‘ concentrated on tidying up overlapping and concurrent functions in planning , leisure , tourism , environmental health and industrial development ’ ( Keating and Midwinter 1983 : 102 ) .
as a result , stodart ‘ concentrated on tidying up overlapping and [simultaneous] functions in planning , leisure , tourism , environmental health and industrial development ’ ( keating and midwinter 1983 : 102 ) .

It may , however , be possible for a plaintiff to achieve the desired result by making a concurrent application for a similar order in the courts of the relevant foreign country , though the availability of such orders will obviously depend upon the local law .
it may , however , be possible for a plaintiff to achieve the desired result by making a [simultaneous] application for a similar order in the courts of the relevant foreign country , though the availability of such orders will obviously depend upon the local law .

It was problematic for those institutions committed to ‘ concurrent ’ teacher education , where a Diploma might mean devoting the first two years to ‘ academic study ’ without related professional work and school experience .
it was problematic for those institutions committed to ‘ [simultaneous] ’ teacher education , where a diploma might mean devoting the first two years to ‘ academic study ’ without related professional work and school experience .

Usually , however , the situation is more complicated than this ; in such patients gastric emptying of liquid , as this study shows , may be abnormally rapid , while concurrent retention of solids suggests the maintenance of antral sieving with failure or inhibition of effective trituration .
usually , however , the situation is more complicated than this ; in such patients gastric emptying of liquid , as this study shows , may be abnormally rapid , while [simultaneous] retention of solids suggests the maintenance of antral sieving with failure or inhibition of effective trituration .

The President and National Congress are directly elected for concurrent five-year terms .
the president and national congress are directly elected for [simultaneous] five-year terms .

Ernest Saunders , the former chairman of the brewing and distilling company Guinness plc , had been convicted on Aug. 27 on two charges of conspiring to contravene the 1958 Prevention of Fraud ( Investments ) Act , on eight charges of false accounting and on two charges of theft , and was sentenced on Aug. 28 to two concurrent terms of five years and 3 @ 1\2 years respectively .
ernest saunders , the former chairman of the brewing and distilling company guinness plc , had been convicted on aug. 27 on two charges of conspiring to contravene the 1958 prevention of fraud ( investments ) act , on eight charges of false accounting and on two charges of theft , and was sentenced on aug. 28 to two [simultaneous] terms of five years and 3 @ 1\2 years respectively .

Anthony Parnes , a stockbroker , had been convicted on four false accounting charges and two theft charges , and was imprisoned for two concurrent terms of 30 months and 18 months .
anthony parnes , a stockbroker , had been convicted on four false accounting charges and two theft charges , and was imprisoned for two [simultaneous] terms of 30 months and 18 months .

Li Peng , Premier of the State Council , resigned from his concurrent post of Minister in charge of the State Commission for Restructuring the Economy on Sept. 7 .
li peng , premier of the state council , resigned from his [simultaneous] post of minister in charge of the state commission for restructuring the economy on sept. 7 .

Changes in accessibility between 1971 and 1981 were compared with concurrent changes in employment .
changes in accessibility between 1971 and 1981 were compared with [simultaneous] changes in employment .

Sentencing Moore to 17 concurrent life terms , Mr Justice Carswell said it was : ‘ a very appalling crime … one of utter horror and devastation ’ .
sentencing moore to 17 [simultaneous] life terms , mr justice carswell said it was : ‘ a very appalling crime … one of utter horror and devastation ’ .

Concurrent conditions
[simultaneous] conditions

‘ Unless otherwise agreed , delivery of the goods and payment of the price are concurrent conditions … . ’
‘ unless otherwise agreed , delivery of the goods and payment of the price are [simultaneous] conditions … . ’

The rule that delivery and payment are concurrent conditions ties in with the unpaid seller 's lien ( see Chapter 12 ) which entitles him in the absence of contrary agreement to retain the goods until payment .
the rule that delivery and payment are [simultaneous] conditions ties in with the unpaid seller 's lien ( see chapter 12 ) which entitles him in the absence of contrary agreement to retain the goods until payment .

This right complements the rule in section 28 that , in the absence of contrary agreement , payment and delivery are concurrent conditions .
this right complements the rule in section 28 that , in the absence of contrary agreement , payment and delivery are [simultaneous] conditions .

Tested by many calls with concurrent observation of the displayed image .
tested by many calls with [simultaneous] observation of the displayed image .

For a generative grammar , the concurrent application of semantic processing can reject unlikely partial structures , thereby reducing the amount of processing the parser has to perform .
for a generative grammar , the [simultaneous] application of semantic processing can reject unlikely partial structures , thereby reducing the amount of processing the parser has to perform .

In any case , a concurrent Bill will involve the Scottish Office Minister , so there is unlikely to be a Scottish Minister in the Committee .
in any case , a [simultaneous] bill will involve the scottish office minister , so there is unlikely to be a scottish minister in the committee .

Zou Jiahua , 64 , Minister in charge of the State Planning Commission , was appointed to the concurrent post of Vice-Premier ; he relinquished his post of State Councillor .
zou jiahua , 64 , minister in charge of the state planning commission , was appointed to the [simultaneous] post of vice-premier ; he relinquished his post of state councillor .

Up to a dozen candidates in the concurrent municipal elections [ see below ] were reportedly assassinated .
up to a dozen candidates in the [simultaneous] municipal elections [ see below ] were reportedly assassinated .

Multiple causes may be either successive or concurrent .
multiple causes may be either successive or [simultaneous] .

Concurrent with the building of the earliest , a timber grave chamber was constructed beneath its floor to receive the decomposed remains of a middle-aged man .
[simultaneous] with the building of the earliest , a timber grave chamber was constructed beneath its floor to receive the decomposed remains of a middle-aged man .

Exception — honest concurrent use
exception — honest [simultaneous] use

Charles Muscatine ( 1986 ) notes that the self-indulgence and materialism of the fabliaux were symptomatic of ideas that contributed to ( perhaps he should have said attitudes that flourished along with ) the growth of urbanism and a concurrent commercialization of the French countryside .
charles muscatine ( 1986 ) notes that the self-indulgence and materialism of the fabliaux were symptomatic of ideas that contributed to ( perhaps he should have said attitudes that flourished along with ) the growth of urbanism and a [simultaneous] commercialization of the french countryside .

In more general terms , make can be characterized as denoting causation as direct or `` concurrent `` with the production of the effect — a person who makes a comment does the making and the commenting at the same time since the two processes can be identified with one another : make , in other words , evokes the actual producing of an effect .
in more general terms , make can be characterized as denoting causation as direct or `` [simultaneous] `` with the production of the effect — a person who makes a comment does the making and the commenting at the same time since the two processes can be identified with one another : make , in other words , evokes the actual producing of an effect .

Here the impression is that the object of make is given no choice but to perform the action expressed by the infinitive : in ( 147 ) the speaker even uses make to decline any personal responsibility for what he did — he was " acting under coercion " , a paraphrase bringing out the concurrent nature of the causation involved in these sentences .
here the impression is that the object of make is given no choice but to perform the action expressed by the infinitive : in ( 147 ) the speaker even uses make to decline any personal responsibility for what he did — he was " acting under coercion " , a paraphrase bringing out the [simultaneous] nature of the causation involved in these sentences .

The subject of make , on the other hand , refers to the persons who will actually effect the change , and the making and the changing are felt to coincide in time ( `` concurrent causation `` ) .
the subject of make , on the other hand , refers to the persons who will actually effect the change , and the making and the changing are felt to coincide in time ( `` [simultaneous] causation `` ) .

As would be expected , such a use would not be possible with make , since the law would appear to be actually bringing about the paying of taxes ( `` concurrent causation `` ) : ( 166 ) * The law makes everyone pay his taxes , With oblige , on the other hand , the tax law is depicted as simply imposing a state of obligation in the present , which leaves the future actualization of paying taxes up to each individual , who may or may not actually pay them .
as would be expected , such a use would not be possible with make , since the law would appear to be actually bringing about the paying of taxes ( `` [simultaneous] causation `` ) : ( 166 ) * the law makes everyone pay his taxes , with oblige , on the other hand , the tax law is depicted as simply imposing a state of obligation in the present , which leaves the future actualization of paying taxes up to each individual , who may or may not actually pay them .

( 167b ) * That made him have everything finished earlier , Cotte thus feels the same impression as that described above : antecedent vs concurrent causation .
( 167b ) * that made him have everything finished earlier , cotte thus feels the same impression as that described above : antecedent vs [simultaneous] causation .

As with make , however , a closer examination of have shows that it contrasts with order , tell and get in denoting concurrent and not antecedent causality .
as with make , however , a closer examination of have shows that it contrasts with order , tell and get in denoting [simultaneous] and not antecedent causality .

This leaves no room for the non-realization of the infinitive event since the action of producing an effect necessarily coincides in time with the appearance of the effect ( concurrent causation ) , and so both these verbs call for the bare infinitive .
this leaves no room for the non-realization of the infinitive event since the action of producing an effect necessarily coincides in time with the appearance of the effect ( [simultaneous] causation ) , and so both these verbs call for the bare infinitive .

The bare infinitives are used to refer to reactions concurrent with the contemplation of the scene which the person in question has before his eyes , spontaneous reactions , leaving no room for reflection .
the bare infinitives are used to refer to reactions [simultaneous] with the contemplation of the scene which the person in question has before his eyes , spontaneous reactions , leaving no room for reflection .

When it can , no room is left for the non-realization of the infinitive event , and so the concurrent representation evoked by the bare infinitive is appropriate .
when it can , no room is left for the non-realization of the infinitive event , and so the [simultaneous] representation evoked by the bare infinitive is appropriate .

The problem is to understand how permission can be represented by let as concurrent with the event permitted , as suggested by our hypothesis on the bare infinitive .
the problem is to understand how permission can be represented by let as [simultaneous] with the event permitted , as suggested by our hypothesis on the bare infinitive .

Concurrent with the arrest of Guiding Lights , a combined police and customs task force swooped on twenty five addresses in London to unearth a further cache of over two tons of cannabis in a garage .
[simultaneous] with the arrest of guiding lights , a combined police and customs task force swooped on twenty five addresses in london to unearth a further cache of over two tons of cannabis in a garage .

In this study , statistically significant improvement was achieved only in patients with mild to moderately active ulcerative colitis who were not receiving concurrent treatment with sulphasalazine : no significant improvement was shown in patients receiving sulphasalazine .
in this study , statistically significant improvement was achieved only in patients with mild to moderately active ulcerative colitis who were not receiving [simultaneous] treatment with sulphasalazine : no significant improvement was shown in patients receiving sulphasalazine .

Epigastric pain is uncommon and concurrent peptic ulcer disease may lead to an incorrect diagnosis .
epigastric pain is uncommon and [simultaneous] peptic ulcer disease may lead to an incorrect diagnosis .

Patients were excluded from the study if they were pregnant or lactating , if they were expecting to undergo surgery , or if they had a history of concurrent gastric ulceration , renal insufficiency , alcoholism ( pure ethanol intake greater than 100 ml/day ( women ) or 120 ml/day ( men ) , or behaviour consistent with alcohol abuse ) , drug abuse , or language difficulties .
patients were excluded from the study if they were pregnant or lactating , if they were expecting to undergo surgery , or if they had a history of [simultaneous] gastric ulceration , renal insufficiency , alcoholism ( pure ethanol intake greater than 100 ml/day ( women ) or 120 ml/day ( men ) , or behaviour consistent with alcohol abuse ) , drug abuse , or language difficulties .

In colorectal carcinomas and in adenomatous polyps increased concentrations of plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 and type-2 have been demonstrated concurrent with higher urokinase type plasminogen activator concentrations and inactivation of tissue type plasminogen activator .
in colorectal carcinomas and in adenomatous polyps increased concentrations of plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 and type-2 have been demonstrated [simultaneous] with higher urokinase type plasminogen activator concentrations and inactivation of tissue type plasminogen activator .

Sensitisation to unrelated dietary antigens may thus ensue , giving rise to concurrent allergies to other foods .
sensitisation to unrelated dietary antigens may thus ensue , giving rise to [simultaneous] allergies to other foods .

In our series alcohol abuse is found in 25 % , salicylates and non-steroid anti-inflammatory drug use in 39 % and concurrent peptic disease in 11 % .
in our series alcohol abuse is found in 25 % , salicylates and non-steroid anti-inflammatory drug use in 39 % and [simultaneous] peptic disease in 11 % .

Some authors have also described significant concurrent morbidity or remarkable past medical history , while others have described the ‘ typical patient ’ with Dieulafoy 's lesion to have an unremarkable past medical history .
some authors have also described significant [simultaneous] morbidity or remarkable past medical history , while others have described the ‘ typical patient ’ with dieulafoy 's lesion to have an unremarkable past medical history .

At a seminar hosted by the Edinburgh Concurrent Supercomputer Project last month , researchers and vendors could finally say with confidence that supercomputing in the 1990s and beyond will be done by parallel computers .
at a seminar hosted by the edinburgh [simultaneous] supercomputer project last month , researchers and vendors could finally say with confidence that supercomputing in the 1990s and beyond will be done by parallel computers .

To be brought up on covered pitches only is like learning English without a concurrent basic grounding in Latin .
to be brought up on covered pitches only is like learning english without a [simultaneous] basic grounding in latin .

Concurrent with these military developments the British aircraft industry was waging a losing battle with the Americans for a large share of the civilian passenger and freight markets .
[simultaneous] with these military developments the british aircraft industry was waging a losing battle with the americans for a large share of the civilian passenger and freight markets .

The project is being led by Doug Jensen at the Concurrent Computer Corp. , Massachusetts .
the project is being led by doug jensen at the [simultaneous] computer corp. , massachusetts .

Concurrent says the ultimate aim is to produce a supplier-independent , open operating system that will rank alongside Unix , and be complementary to it .
[simultaneous] says the ultimate aim is to produce a supplier-independent , open operating system that will rank alongside unix , and be complementary to it .

The Basic Law divides legislation into ‘ exclusive ’ and concurrent ' .
the basic law divides legislation into ‘ exclusive ’ and [simultaneous] ' .

In concurrent legislation the Länder must agree , but they do this via the Bundesrat , the forty-member Council of Länder Ministers .
in [simultaneous] legislation the länder must agree , but they do this via the bundesrat , the forty-member council of länder ministers .

in the field of concurrent legislation , the Lander shall have powers of legislation as long as , and to the extent that , the Federation does not exercise its right to legislate .
in the field of [simultaneous] legislation , the lander shall have powers of legislation as long as , and to the extent that , the federation does not exercise its right to legislate .

The Union has completely exhausted its competence in the area of so-called concurrent legislation , where the Lander also have a role to play , and indeed in some cases has exceeded its responsibilities .
the union has completely exhausted its competence in the area of so-called [simultaneous] legislation , where the lander also have a role to play , and indeed in some cases has exceeded its responsibilities .

As with all the sexually transmitted diseases , the possibility of other concurrent infection must be considered and excluded .
as with all the sexually transmitted diseases , the possibility of other [simultaneous] infection must be considered and excluded .

However , the two were concurrent , and it is true that vasectomy operations can leave post-operative complications of which pain is one .
however , the two were [simultaneous] , and it is true that vasectomy operations can leave post-operative complications of which pain is one .

The more realistic minds in the [ Round Table ] movement quickly saw that the sacrifices made by Dominion troops and the concurrent growth in Dominion nationalism were harbingers of a new imperial relationship unlike anything they had proposed ( Nimocks ) .
the more realistic minds in the [ round table ] movement quickly saw that the sacrifices made by dominion troops and the [simultaneous] growth in dominion nationalism were harbingers of a new imperial relationship unlike anything they had proposed ( nimocks ) .

The other concurrent development was the growing and irrepressible conviction that the inhabitants of India would claim and must sooner or later obtain responsibility for their own government .
the other [simultaneous] development was the growing and irrepressible conviction that the inhabitants of india would claim and must sooner or later obtain responsibility for their own government .

These developments within the Cambridge Board were undoubtedly related to the concurrent measurable , irreversible decline in traditional university extension courses provided by the Board of Extra-Mural Studies on a national scale and which by 1939 had reached the point at which there were only five Cambridge university extension centres beyond East Anglia .
these developments within the cambridge board were undoubtedly related to the [simultaneous] measurable , irreversible decline in traditional university extension courses provided by the board of extra-mural studies on a national scale and which by 1939 had reached the point at which there were only five cambridge university extension centres beyond east anglia .

Currey noted : ‘ Although the treaty goes out to the World as the concurrent agreement of the tribe , it is in reality nothing more than the agreement of Lawyer and his band , numbering in the aggregate not a third part of the Nez Perce tribe .
currey noted : ‘ although the treaty goes out to the world as the [simultaneous] agreement of the tribe , it is in reality nothing more than the agreement of lawyer and his band , numbering in the aggregate not a third part of the nez perce tribe .

The number of links needed to complete referral may be few or many ; the speed at which connections are made may be swift or protracted ; and the order may be sequential to concurrent .
the number of links needed to complete referral may be few or many ; the speed at which connections are made may be swift or protracted ; and the order may be sequential to [simultaneous] .

There were thus two concurrent stereotypes of the old .
there were thus two [simultaneous] stereotypes of the old .

( e ) Concurrent interference
( e ) [simultaneous] interference

The essence of ‘ concurrent interference ’ is the postulate that the formation of an association between the target event and some other will reduce the ability of the target to enter into other associations .
the essence of ‘ [simultaneous] interference ’ is the postulate that the formation of an association between the target event and some other will reduce the ability of the target to enter into other associations .

As the theory is explicitly concerned with concurrent interference , its application to latent inhibition ( an instance of proactive interference ) has not been fully worked out .
as the theory is explicitly concerned with [simultaneous] interference , its application to latent inhibition ( an instance of proactive interference ) has not been fully worked out .

Although Revusky ( 1971 ) does not discuss the matter , there is a second mechanism by which concurrent interference theory might predict latent inhibition .
although revusky ( 1971 ) does not discuss the matter , there is a second mechanism by which [simultaneous] interference theory might predict latent inhibition .

The similarity to Wagner 's account becomes more marked when we consider the application of concurrent interference theory to procedures other than flavour pre-exposure .
the similarity to wagner 's account becomes more marked when we consider the application of [simultaneous] interference theory to procedures other than flavour pre-exposure .

The concurrent interference account does not require this assumption but can perfectly well allow that changes in associability might accompany the formation of within-stimulus links .
the [simultaneous] interference account does not require this assumption but can perfectly well allow that changes in associability might accompany the formation of within-stimulus links .

He was also given concurrent youth custody sentences of five years , three years and one year .
he was also given [simultaneous] youth custody sentences of five years , three years and one year .

Concurrent printing to serial and parallel ports
[simultaneous] printing to serial and parallel ports

However the functions of one council may be transferred to another , and some functions are concurrent .
however the functions of one council may be transferred to another , and some functions are [simultaneous] .

The functions which may be exercised by parish , town and community councils are nearly all concurrent functions with district councils .
the functions which may be exercised by parish , town and community councils are nearly all [simultaneous] functions with district councils .

County and district councils have concurrent powers in respect of museums and art galleries , country parks , conservation areas , footpaths , recreational facilities , local parks , and open spaces , sharing the last four functions with parish , town and community councils .
county and district councils have [simultaneous] powers in respect of museums and art galleries , country parks , conservation areas , footpaths , recreational facilities , local parks , and open spaces , sharing the last four functions with parish , town and community councils .

By and large it performed well during the miners ' industrial action of 1973–4 and the concurrent ‘ go-slows ’ in the electricity-supply industry , as David Howell recalls :
by and large it performed well during the miners ' industrial action of 1973–4 and the [simultaneous] ‘ go-slows ’ in the electricity-supply industry , as david howell recalls :

Concurrent with major exhibition at Ulster Folk and Transport Museum .
[simultaneous] with major exhibition at ulster folk and transport museum .

This notion is supposedly supported by the concurrent decline of major herbivore groups with that of their food plants , but to my mind the example she used in his article are naive and far from convincing .
this notion is supposedly supported by the [simultaneous] decline of major herbivore groups with that of their food plants , but to my mind the example she used in his article are naive and far from convincing .

It is this concurrent development which provides the source of what much later is destined to become the relationship which binds man to his God , first , by the processes of evolution , and then by man himself struggling to bring into his life the enrichment available to him if only he can control the legacies of ruthless evolution .
it is this [simultaneous] development which provides the source of what much later is destined to become the relationship which binds man to his god , first , by the processes of evolution , and then by man himself struggling to bring into his life the enrichment available to him if only he can control the legacies of ruthless evolution .

Concurrent Software Behaviour : Development of design ideas and prototype implementations of a formal description and for diagnosis .
[simultaneous] software behaviour : development of design ideas and prototype implementations of a formal description and for diagnosis .

Object-oriented Databases and Expert Systems : Complex data modelling requirements of large-scale , data-intensive applications ; Design and development of a concurrent , object-oriented database programming environment ; Interfacing of object-oriented programming languages to databases and expert systems ; Application of object-oriented programming languages to database and expert system design and development for real-time engineering applications .
object-oriented databases and expert systems : complex data modelling requirements of large-scale , data-intensive applications ; design and development of a [simultaneous] , object-oriented database programming environment ; interfacing of object-oriented programming languages to databases and expert systems ; application of object-oriented programming languages to database and expert system design and development for real-time engineering applications .

Distributed and Concurrent Systems
distributed and [simultaneous] systems

The group market provisions of HIPAA create concurrent jurisdiction for the Secretaries of Health and Human Services , Labor , and Treasury and include rules relating to preexisting conditions exclusions , special enrollment rights , and prohibition of discrimination against individuals based on health statusrelated factors .
the group market provisions of hipaa create [simultaneous] jurisdiction for the secretaries of health and human services , labor , and treasury and include rules relating to preexisting conditions exclusions , special enrollment rights , and prohibition of discrimination against individuals based on health statusrelated factors .

Research , Development , Test and Evaluation , and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product 's Development Can Take15 DOD 's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development16 Notional Single-Step and Evolutionary Approaches to Developing New Products31 Achieving Stability on AIM-9X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program46 PAC-3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD 's Acquisition Process56 A United States General Accounting Office Washington , D.C. 20548 July 15 , 2002 The Honorable Daniel Akaka Chairman The Honorable James Inhofe Ranking Minority Member Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support Committee on Armed Services United States Senate As you requested , this report examines how best practices offer improvements to the way the Department of Defense develops new weapon systems , primarily the design and manufacturing aspects of the acquisition process .
research , development , test and evaluation , and procurement funding for fiscal years 1995 to 200712 knowledge-based process for applying best practices to the development of new products13 notional illustration showing the different paths that a product 's development can take15 dod 's [simultaneous] approach to weapon system development16 notional single-step and evolutionary approaches to developing new products31 achieving stability on aim-9x missile program by knowledge point 244 history of drawing completion for the f-22 program46 pac-3 design knowledge at critical design review49 illustration to show how the best practice model would apply to dod 's acquisition process56 a united states general accounting office washington , d.c. 20548 july 15 , 2002 the honorable daniel akaka chairman the honorable james inhofe ranking minority member subcommittee on readiness and management support committee on armed services united states senate as you requested , this report examines how best practices offer improvements to the way the department of defense develops new weapon systems , primarily the design and manufacturing aspects of the acquisition process .

DOD has historically developed new weapon systems in a highly concurrent environment that usually forces acquisition programs to manage technology , design , and manufacturing risk at the same time .
dod has historically developed new weapon systems in a highly [simultaneous] environment that usually forces acquisition programs to manage technology , design , and manufacturing risk at the same time .

Figure 4 shows the overlapping and concurrent approach that DOD uses to develop its weapon systems .
figure 4 shows the overlapping and [simultaneous] approach that dod uses to develop its weapon systems .

More important , the problems created by this concurrent approach on individual programs can profoundly affect DOD 's overall modernization plans .
more important , the problems created by this [simultaneous] approach on individual programs can profoundly affect dod 's overall modernization plans .

Concurrent with downsizing , procurement regulations have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .
[simultaneous] with downsizing , procurement regulations have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .

Generally , data collection and analysis are concurrent and interactive-that is , `` yoked '' in case study methods .
generally , data collection and analysis are [simultaneous] and interactive-that is , `` yoked '' in case study methods .

Functions Where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) Design features Site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports Pitfalls Temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested Some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .
functions where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) design features site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely [simultaneous] with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports pitfalls temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .

Table 3.6 : Program Effects Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods Functions Determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects Design features Site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias There are some methodological solutions to this problem .
table 3.6 : program effects case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods functions determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects design features site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with [simultaneous] case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods pitfalls not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias there are some methodological solutions to this problem .

A unique feature of case studies is that data collection and analysis are concurrent .
a unique feature of case studies is that data collection and analysis are [simultaneous] .

When both broad generalizations and in-depth understanding are required , designs that cumulate case studies over a wide number of sites and settings , or that combine case study methods and other methods in one concurrent effort may meet this dual need ( U.S. General Accounting Office , April 2 , 1984 ) .
when both broad generalizations and in-depth understanding are required , designs that cumulate case studies over a wide number of sites and settings , or that combine case study methods and other methods in one [simultaneous] effort may meet this dual need ( u.s. general accounting office , april 2 , 1984 ) .

Yoked Concurrent with .
yoked [simultaneous] with .

CIOs recognize that showing interim results concurrent with more protracted efforts such as multiyear systems developments , ƒbig-ticket≈ infrastructure projects , or business process reengineering can have significant positive impact on CIO credibility .
cios recognize that showing interim results [simultaneous] with more protracted efforts such as multiyear systems developments , ƒbig-ticket≈ infrastructure projects , or business process reengineering can have significant positive impact on cio credibility .

More frequent and/or concurrent reference toxicant testing may be advantageous if recent problems ( e.g. , invalid tests , reference toxicant test results outside of control chart limits , reduced health of organism cultures , or increased within-test variability ) have been identified in testing .
more frequent and/or [simultaneous] reference toxicant testing may be advantageous if recent problems ( e.g. , invalid tests , reference toxicant test results outside of control chart limits , reduced health of organism cultures , or increased within-test variability ) have been identified in testing .

More frequent and/or concurrent reference toxicant testing may be advantageous if recent problems ( e.g. , invalid tests , reference toxicant test results outside of control chart limits , reduced health of organism cultures , or increased within-test variability ) have been identified in testing .
more frequent and/or [simultaneous] reference toxicant testing may be advantageous if recent problems ( e.g. , invalid tests , reference toxicant test results outside of control chart limits , reduced health of organism cultures , or increased within-test variability ) have been identified in testing .

Three of four weaker signals also occurred immediately preceding or concurrent with these citywide outbreaks .
three of four weaker signals also occurred immediately preceding or [simultaneous] with these citywide outbreaks .

These adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may increase the viral replication capacity [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations required to escape concurrent humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .
these adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may increase the viral replication capacity [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations required to escape [simultaneous] humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .

Introduction In addition to the role of smoking in cancer initiation and promotion , cigarette smoking accelerates atherogenic cardiovascular disease in both a dose- and a duration-dependent manner through several concurrent pathways .
introduction in addition to the role of smoking in cancer initiation and promotion , cigarette smoking accelerates atherogenic cardiovascular disease in both a dose- and a duration-dependent manner through several [simultaneous] pathways .

We have argued in this essay that the extent of the AIDS epidemic in Nepal will depend upon rates at which sexual partners are exchanged by commercial sex workers and the men who regularly visit them , as well as the proportion of the general population that has multiple and concurrent sexual partners .
we have argued in this essay that the extent of the aids epidemic in nepal will depend upon rates at which sexual partners are exchanged by commercial sex workers and the men who regularly visit them , as well as the proportion of the general population that has multiple and [simultaneous] sexual partners .

Comorbidities also influenced prescribing practices : patients without concurrent diagnoses were more likely to receive thiazides .
comorbidities also influenced prescribing practices : patients without [simultaneous] diagnoses were more likely to receive thiazides .

On Monday , AT & T plans to send a letter to the FCC Chairman William Kennard in which it will outline its deal with the nation 's second largest ISP , MindSpring Enterprises Inc. , and its concurrent commitment to an `` open access '' policy .
on monday , at & t plans to send a letter to the fcc chairman william kennard in which it will outline its deal with the nation 's second largest isp , mindspring enterprises inc. , and its [simultaneous] commitment to an `` open access '' policy .

The Enquirer says that actress Bridget Fonda is `` stocking up on bridal magazines , '' while country singer Dwight Yoakam shops for her engagement ring , despite a concurrent report in the Globe that a `` heartsick '' Fonda `` ca n't find Mr .
the enquirer says that actress bridget fonda is `` stocking up on bridal magazines , '' while country singer dwight yoakam shops for her engagement ring , despite a [simultaneous] report in the globe that a `` heartsick '' fonda `` ca n't find mr .

Time 's concurrent cover , untouched , clearly shows McCaughey 's ( authentic ) imperfect choppers ; Newsweek 's cover shows straight and pearly whites .
time 's [simultaneous] cover , untouched , clearly shows mccaughey 's ( authentic ) imperfect choppers ; newsweek 's cover shows straight and pearly whites .

If the task of viewing all this is n't a sufficient workout , there are also two concurrent Rauschenberg gallery shows , a series of frescoes and an exhibit of photographs , at the Pace Wildenstein MacGill complex on 57 th Street .
if the task of viewing all this is n't a sufficient workout , there are also two [simultaneous] rauschenberg gallery shows , a series of frescoes and an exhibit of photographs , at the pace wildenstein macgill complex on 57 th street .

He has also been sentenced to a concurrent eight-year term for using the verb in an anachronistic context .
he has also been sentenced to a [simultaneous] eight-year term for using the verb in an anachronistic context .

