Parker , who agreed with much of this criticism , did not conceal his dissatisfaction with procedural defects .
parker , who agreed with much of this criticism , did not [hide] his dissatisfaction with procedural defects .

It appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends .
it appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to [hide] even in the presence of southern friends .

And the best way to conceal and disguise the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story .
and the best way to [hide] and disguise the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story .

Jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails .
jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to [hide] her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails .

It was a trick they used to try and conceal their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed .
it was a trick they used to try and [hide] their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed .

She was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not conceal the knife slashes on her back .
she was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not [hide] the knife slashes on her back .

The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them , asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie , gets a plate of English muffins instead .
the innocence that they tried to [hide] at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them , asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie , gets a plate of english muffins instead .

4 operations later , doctors at the Radcliffe Infirmary have managed to conceal many of her scars .
4 operations later , doctors at the radcliffe infirmary have managed to [hide] many of her scars .

Oh it 's tape , you have it , conceal in your pocket and have the microphone tucked in your shirt pocket in n it ?
oh it 's tape , you have it , [hide] in your pocket and have the microphone tucked in your shirt pocket in n it ?

‘ Steve , in case events have conspired to conceal the fact from you thus far , is that very rare combination of singer , songwriter and guitarist who actually excels in all departments . ’ ( Folk Roots )
‘ steve , in case events have conspired to [hide] the fact from you thus far , is that very rare combination of singer , songwriter and guitarist who actually excels in all departments . ’ ( folk roots )

Ward had not lied or misled anyone about the nature of the payment or tried to conceal the money he had received .
ward had not lied or misled anyone about the nature of the payment or tried to [hide] the money he had received .

Mr Gummer , in a letter to the committee chairman , Sir Geoffrey Johnson-Smith , last night welcomed the committee 's acceptance that there was no intent to conceal the work nor the sponsorship that financed it .
mr gummer , in a letter to the committee chairman , sir geoffrey johnson-smith , last night welcomed the committee 's acceptance that there was no intent to [hide] the work nor the sponsorship that financed it .

The committee said it had no reason to doubt Mr Gummer was out of pocket and it accepted there was no intent on his part to conceal the work .
the committee said it had no reason to doubt mr gummer was out of pocket and it accepted there was no intent on his part to [hide] the work .

Richard Penrose , defending , said the firm had not intended to conceal or cover up the accident .
richard penrose , defending , said the firm had not intended to [hide] or cover up the accident .

The cans of paint would have been sprayed on the windows , also to conceal the burning .
the cans of paint would have been sprayed on the windows , also to [hide] the burning .

In the turmoil which followed the Budget , it became impossible for ministers to conceal that , once again , the Government was in a muddle , making policy on the hoof around television and radio studios . Was that the faint trill of the first U-turn of spring ? Was it a panic climb-down ? Or was it , in fact a stalling operation masquerading as action ?
in the turmoil which followed the budget , it became impossible for ministers to [hide] that , once again , the government was in a muddle , making policy on the hoof around television and radio studios . was that the faint trill of the first u-turn of spring ? was it a panic climb-down ? or was it , in fact a stalling operation masquerading as action ?

The United manager , Alex Ferguson , discovered last season that there 's many a slip on the way to the championship , and he did n't attempt to conceal the importance of this Old Trafford showdown , with United leading Villa on goal difference in pursuit of their first title since 1967 .
the united manager , alex ferguson , discovered last season that there 's many a slip on the way to the championship , and he did n't attempt to [hide] the importance of this old trafford showdown , with united leading villa on goal difference in pursuit of their first title since 1967 .

At the start of the story Anna is portrayed as being ‘ perfectly unaffected and was not trying to conceal anything , but that she lived in another , higher world full of complex poetic interests beyond reach ’ .
at the start of the story anna is portrayed as being ‘ perfectly unaffected and was not trying to [hide] anything , but that she lived in another , higher world full of complex poetic interests beyond reach ’ .

Two detectives accused of altering a suspect 's statement to conceal the fact that he 'd been unlawfully arrested have been cleared of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice .
two detectives accused of altering a suspect 's statement to [hide] the fact that he 'd been unlawfully arrested have been cleared of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice .

Now Bartholomew agreed to conceal the purse on condition that he had half the treasure whilst we shared the rest .
now bartholomew agreed to [hide] the purse on condition that he had half the treasure whilst we shared the rest .

Athelstan , trying to conceal his embarrassment , signalled at Watkin and Pike to lift the bier and follow him and Crim , bearing a lighted taper , into the cemetery .
athelstan , trying to [hide] his embarrassment , signalled at watkin and pike to lift the bier and follow him and crim , bearing a lighted taper , into the cemetery .

Nor , it might be said , had Joffre , the cooper 's son , but he had been quick to cultivate what he lacked , whereas Pétain never made an effort to conceal the contempt of the Third Republic that he had acquired early in his career .
nor , it might be said , had joffre , the cooper 's son , but he had been quick to cultivate what he lacked , whereas pétain never made an effort to [hide] the contempt of the third republic that he had acquired early in his career .

The planter means you can conceal the cooler with bright flowers throughout the seasons .
the planter means you can [hide] the cooler with bright flowers throughout the seasons .

or artificial rocks can be used , not only to decorate the tank , but also to conceal the technical equipment .
or artificial rocks can be used , not only to decorate the tank , but also to [hide] the technical equipment .

The process of law enforcement , in its broadest possible interpretation , operates in such a way as to conceal crimes of the powerful against the powerless , but to reveal and exaggerate crimes of the powerless against ‘ everyone ’ .
the process of law enforcement , in its broadest possible interpretation , operates in such a way as to [hide] crimes of the powerful against the powerless , but to reveal and exaggerate crimes of the powerless against ‘ everyone ’ .

The outcome of these processes is that the official portrait of crime and criminals is highly selective , serving to conceal crimes of the powerful and hence shore up their interests , particularly the need to be legitimated through maintaining the appearance of respectability .
the outcome of these processes is that the official portrait of crime and criminals is highly selective , serving to [hide] crimes of the powerful and hence shore up their interests , particularly the need to be legitimated through maintaining the appearance of respectability .

And Opposition MPs could not conceal their scorn when he compared his life in recent weeks to that of a victim of Ceaucescu 's Romania .
and opposition mps could not [hide] their scorn when he compared his life in recent weeks to that of a victim of ceaucescu 's romania .

Then their bodies were cremated at night to conceal the evidence .
then their bodies were cremated at night to [hide] the evidence .

Neither he nor Peter can conceal excitement at being back in the limelight again .
neither he nor peter can [hide] excitement at being back in the limelight again .

Sometimes a person may fail to see his own assumptions and sometimes he will deliberately conceal them .
sometimes a person may fail to see his own assumptions and sometimes he will deliberately [hide] them .

One reason for this is that many people have a fear which they can not conceal of anything or anybody who reminds them of death ; knowing that contact with a grieving widow will exacerbate these fears they tend , after expressing their sympathy by word or letter , and sending flowers to the funeral , to withdraw to a safe distance ‘ to give her time to get over it ’ just when she needs them most .
one reason for this is that many people have a fear which they can not [hide] of anything or anybody who reminds them of death ; knowing that contact with a grieving widow will exacerbate these fears they tend , after expressing their sympathy by word or letter , and sending flowers to the funeral , to withdraw to a safe distance ‘ to give her time to get over it ’ just when she needs them most .

‘ You 'll notice that this ‘ fridge opens from right to left , so the door would conceal the identity of anyone entering the kitchen for a few seconds at least .
‘ you 'll notice that this ‘ fridge opens from right to left , so the door would [hide] the identity of anyone entering the kitchen for a few seconds at least .

They smooth out and conceal irregularities and variability .
they smooth out and [hide] irregularities and variability .

He wore a leather beret to conceal his black hair , tinted wrap-around glasses and a coat turned up at the collar which masked the lower half of his face .
he wore a leather beret to [hide] his black hair , tinted wrap-around glasses and a coat turned up at the collar which masked the lower half of his face .

She drank more coffee to conceal her expression .
she drank more coffee to [hide] her expression .

The classic lines of its exterior conceal a combination of microchip technology and decades of Ford experience .
the classic lines of its exterior [hide] a combination of microchip technology and decades of ford experience .

The Permo-Triassic sedimentary rocks of the Solway Basin conceal a major NNE-trending syncline containing a thick succession of Upper Palaeozoic ( ?
the permo-triassic sedimentary rocks of the solway basin [hide] a major nne-trending syncline containing a thick succession of upper palaeozoic ( ?

By the time Clift had made his screen début in Howard Hawks 's epic western , Red River ( 1948 ) , he was drinking heavily and trying to conceal it , as he did his sexuality .
by the time clift had made his screen début in howard hawks 's epic western , red river ( 1948 ) , he was drinking heavily and trying to [hide] it , as he did his sexuality .

The one on the right went only to sealed-off sections of corridor on each floor , where any interlopers who had managed to get that far would be fobbed off with further charades designed to conceal the true function of the building .
the one on the right went only to sealed-off sections of corridor on each floor , where any interlopers who had managed to get that far would be fobbed off with further charades designed to [hide] the true function of the building .

Some of them used to conceal tea in their shoes .
some of them used to [hide] tea in their shoes .

Up to three Fanatics can hide in each Night Goblin infantry unit — note down which units conceal Fanatics and how many .
up to three fanatics can hide in each night goblin infantry unit — note down which units [hide] fanatics and how many .

The power of these discourses , or a method 's glamorous novelty , may conceal such associations .
the power of these discourses , or a method 's glamorous novelty , may [hide] such associations .

He started out by conducting a questionnaire-based survey , but this soon became a ‘ blind ’ to conceal the work he was actually doing in studying pilferage .
he started out by conducting a questionnaire-based survey , but this soon became a ‘ blind ’ to [hide] the work he was actually doing in studying pilferage .

It was not his way to speak sharply — that was his wife 's department — but he could not conceal the fact that he thought Anna was both wrong and behaving badly .
it was not his way to speak sharply — that was his wife 's department — but he could not [hide] the fact that he thought anna was both wrong and behaving badly .

Both tables conceal significant variations in responses between readers of ‘ quality ’ and ‘ tabloid ’ newspapers ( Table 1.3 ) : the former remain wedded to their preferred medium , using it much more extensively as a means of surveying the world in depth , whilst readers of tabloid newspapers rely more heavily on television and also tend to attach greater credibility to it as a source of news ( Table 1.4 ) .
both tables [hide] significant variations in responses between readers of ‘ quality ’ and ‘ tabloid ’ newspapers ( table 1.3 ) : the former remain wedded to their preferred medium , using it much more extensively as a means of surveying the world in depth , whilst readers of tabloid newspapers rely more heavily on television and also tend to attach greater credibility to it as a source of news ( table 1.4 ) .

Thus one exalts facts , the other the imagination ; both conceal the extent to which they necessarily make use of the other 's procedures .
thus one exalts facts , the other the imagination ; both [hide] the extent to which they necessarily make use of the other 's procedures .

Some destruction has been effective , papers still private conceal the sources of some important decisions , and few states permit access to their most recent archives .
some destruction has been effective , papers still private [hide] the sources of some important decisions , and few states permit access to their most recent archives .

It is difficult to conceal the suspicion that in Soviet eyes a new technological era is dawning , with consequences for military science as far-reaching as the ballistic missile and nuclear weapon , and the ‘ revolution in military affairs ’ which they unleashed .
it is difficult to [hide] the suspicion that in soviet eyes a new technological era is dawning , with consequences for military science as far-reaching as the ballistic missile and nuclear weapon , and the ‘ revolution in military affairs ’ which they unleashed .

The older boy , leaner and more muscular , has shorter hair and a small skull-cap which may conceal a tonsure .
the older boy , leaner and more muscular , has shorter hair and a small skull-cap which may [hide] a tonsure .

This perhaps gives a special force to the Voltairean remark about the function of language being to conceal thought .
this perhaps gives a special force to the voltairean remark about the function of language being to [hide] thought .

Climbing grades can often conceal the true character of a route , as Dave Cook has discovered down the years
climbing grades can often [hide] the true character of a route , as dave cook has discovered down the years

In fact , several guidebooks were conspiracies to conceal this information , and repel invaders from outside the initiated inner circle .
in fact , several guidebooks were conspiracies to [hide] this information , and repel invaders from outside the initiated inner circle .

If the mirror does not have an attractive frame , tongued and grooved cladding on the ceiling will conceal its top edge , and careful positioning of plants will conceal the bottom , and also create an attractive reflection .
if the mirror does not have an attractive frame , tongued and grooved cladding on the ceiling will [hide] its top edge , and careful positioning of plants will [hide] the bottom , and also create an attractive reflection .

One particular difficulty in assessing change over time is that any differences between the two assessments will be influenced by a host of ex-traneous factors which may either conceal or exaggerate the real changes in the child 's language .
one particular difficulty in assessing change over time is that any differences between the two assessments will be influenced by a host of ex-traneous factors which may either [hide] or exaggerate the real changes in the child 's language .

It was one of 500 , he said and asked : ‘ Why did ministers conspire to conceal these documents ? They knew they would blow the lid on the hundreds of millions of pounds of defence equipment which they had allowed to go to Iraq .
it was one of 500 , he said and asked : ‘ why did ministers conspire to [hide] these documents ? they knew they would blow the lid on the hundreds of millions of pounds of defence equipment which they had allowed to go to iraq .

Mr Clark , 64 , who stood down at the last election , had assured him that he had not advised companies to conceal military use when preparing export licence applications .
mr clark , 64 , who stood down at the last election , had assured him that he had not advised companies to [hide] military use when preparing export licence applications .

Worse still , they are accused of invoking official secrecy to conceal the deception .
worse still , they are accused of invoking official secrecy to [hide] the deception .

The doctor sounded her chest , asking questions about the pain , and all the time trying to keep a sober , professional look though his hands were trembling and in the end he had to sit down to conceal his excitement .
the doctor sounded her chest , asking questions about the pain , and all the time trying to keep a sober , professional look though his hands were trembling and in the end he had to sit down to [hide] his excitement .

Our passive exterior may conceal a ferocious anger at having limited our choices , and we may direct this anger into manipulating others .
our passive exterior may [hide] a ferocious anger at having limited our choices , and we may direct this anger into manipulating others .

Most of our communication between one another is indirect ; we conceal our motives .
most of our communication between one another is indirect ; we [hide] our motives .

Conceal our desires , hide our vulnerability or confusion .
[hide] our desires , hide our vulnerability or confusion .

Flaps conceal hiding places — obvious and not so obvious — and a detachable child 's figure can be moved around so the game can be played over and over .
flaps [hide] hiding places — obvious and not so obvious — and a detachable child 's figure can be moved around so the game can be played over and over .

Elaborate steps had been taken to conceal plans for the wedding .
elaborate steps had been taken to [hide] plans for the wedding .

From this small dukedom he managed to prosper , employed as he was in a business which required a few choice contacts , a nose for the changing taste of his market , and an ability to conceal his pleasure at his achievements .
from this small dukedom he managed to prosper , employed as he was in a business which required a few choice contacts , a nose for the changing taste of his market , and an ability to [hide] his pleasure at his achievements .

There was a screen of well-tended trees between tower and road , not sufficiently thick to conceal the building entirely , but enough to render what was already an undistinguished building virtually invisible .
there was a screen of well-tended trees between tower and road , not sufficiently thick to [hide] the building entirely , but enough to render what was already an undistinguished building virtually invisible .

And so it had gone on , generation after generation , Dowd changing his face on occasion ( a simple trick , or feit ) so as to conceal his longevity from the withering human world .
and so it had gone on , generation after generation , dowd changing his face on occasion ( a simple trick , or feit ) so as to [hide] his longevity from the withering human world .

Glad that he had the shadows to conceal his distaste , Oscar shook it , and bid the boor goodnight .
glad that he had the shadows to [hide] his distaste , oscar shook it , and bid the boor goodnight .

That is why environmentalists have often clamoured for regulation , as the best way to conceal the true costs of policy .
that is why environmentalists have often clamoured for regulation , as the best way to [hide] the true costs of policy .

’ Hawkins made no attempt to conceal his surprise .
’ hawkins made no attempt to [hide] his surprise .

She sat down to conceal the fact that she was trembling .
she sat down to [hide] the fact that she was trembling .

‘ No , ’ said Ginny , trying to conceal the relief she felt .
‘ no , ’ said ginny , trying to [hide] the relief she felt .

’ Peter saw no reason to conceal the figure ; Petronius Redburnus had never been modest .
’ peter saw no reason to [hide] the figure ; petronius redburnus had never been modest .

the seams , however , neat , will be improved by a deliberate decoration , for example , some matching bought braid , a long plait which could end in a tassel at the floor end , or a further narrow piece of matching Fair Isle or even a different woven pattern , stitched on to conceal the join .
the seams , however , neat , will be improved by a deliberate decoration , for example , some matching bought braid , a long plait which could end in a tassel at the floor end , or a further narrow piece of matching fair isle or even a different woven pattern , stitched on to [hide] the join .

After a moment , the door swung open and a woman stood staring with big eyes in a pale face , her apron unable to conceal the fact that she was heavily pregnant .
after a moment , the door swung open and a woman stood staring with big eyes in a pale face , her apron unable to [hide] the fact that she was heavily pregnant .

Hari tried to conceal her surprise , she had believed the man to be a famous actor , he seemed so colourful and too theatrical to simply be a businessman .
hari tried to [hide] her surprise , she had believed the man to be a famous actor , he seemed so colourful and too theatrical to simply be a businessman .

He laughed with forced heartiness , as limping badly he began to walk along the corridor , leading the way , and Hari realized that he had used the laugh many times to conceal his true feelings .
he laughed with forced heartiness , as limping badly he began to walk along the corridor , leading the way , and hari realized that he had used the laugh many times to [hide] his true feelings .

In British terms that means reflecting the multifarious ways in which speech and gesture reveal or seek to conceal social status and social pretension : and in a fast-shifting , highly unrigid world like the British , status is far more often a matter of pretension than of birth .
in british terms that means reflecting the multifarious ways in which speech and gesture reveal or seek to [hide] social status and social pretension : and in a fast-shifting , highly unrigid world like the british , status is far more often a matter of pretension than of birth .

The chicks are not likely to drown as they can conceal themselves underwater for up to twenty minutes .
the chicks are not likely to drown as they can [hide] themselves underwater for up to twenty minutes .

Most fishkeepers try to recreate a natural-looking underwater scene in their community tanks , and also to conceal the equipment , increasing the natural effect .
most fishkeepers try to recreate a natural-looking underwater scene in their community tanks , and also to [hide] the equipment , increasing the natural effect .

They also conceal electrical wiring , filter tubes , and any other clutter behind the tank .
they also [hide] electrical wiring , filter tubes , and any other clutter behind the tank .

Put the heater/stat , filter , and any other equipment in position first , so that you can arrange the rocks and bogwood to conceal it as much as possible .
put the heater/stat , filter , and any other equipment in position first , so that you can arrange the rocks and bogwood to [hide] it as much as possible .

Being mostly upright , plants can conceal filter tubes , airlines , heater wires and other hardware .
being mostly upright , plants can [hide] filter tubes , airlines , heater wires and other hardware .

Cut to size , push between rafters , and conceal behind plasterboard lined with vapour barrier .
cut to size , push between rafters , and [hide] behind plasterboard lined with vapour barrier .

Smaller types generally have a solid base and are intended to display a solitary objét d'art ; larger types may have several glass shelves and a frosted glass base which can conceal a light source .
smaller types generally have a solid base and are intended to display a solitary objét d'art ; larger types may have several glass shelves and a frosted glass base which can [hide] a light source .

Here the passive enables the speaker to conceal the identity of the informant . In academic writing ( particularly in science ) , the convention has grown up that the writer or experimenter do ’ es not feature in the text : it is the passive that makes this possible , e.g. :
here the passive enables the speaker to [hide] the identity of the informant . in academic writing ( particularly in science ) , the convention has grown up that the writer or experimenter do ’ es not feature in the text : it is the passive that makes this possible , e.g. :

On the on hand , a bad debtor might conspire with an employee to remove or conceal evidence of his record , on the other an employee with a grudge might blacken someone 's record .
on the on hand , a bad debtor might conspire with an employee to remove or [hide] evidence of his record , on the other an employee with a grudge might blacken someone 's record .

They were as they always were : thick enough to conceal those within while giving a perfect view out .
they were as they always were : thick enough to [hide] those within while giving a perfect view out .

‘ Do n't be so stupid , Nick ! ’ Ellen was genuinely frightened for me , but she was also indignant at me . ‘ Report him , and you 'll be thrown off the islands before the week 's end ! Do n't you understand what 's going on ? Are you entirely blind ? Do n't you understand that in small countries power is more likely to remain undisguised because there is n't sufficient societal depth to conceal the realities of institutionalised brutality beneath a respectable fiction ? ’
‘ do n't be so stupid , nick ! ’ ellen was genuinely frightened for me , but she was also indignant at me . ‘ report him , and you 'll be thrown off the islands before the week 's end ! do n't you understand what 's going on ? are you entirely blind ? do n't you understand that in small countries power is more likely to remain undisguised because there is n't sufficient societal depth to [hide] the realities of institutionalised brutality beneath a respectable fiction ? ’

The room was square , but curtains and a carpet helped to conceal the prefabricated-austerity .
the room was square , but curtains and a carpet helped to [hide] the prefabricated-austerity .

1.6.3 not to alter , obscure , remove , conceal or otherwise interfere with any eye-readable or machine-readable marking on the Licensed Software or its packaging which refers to as author or developer of the Licensed Software or otherwise refers to ' copyright in the Licensed Software or de Wilde 's Marketing rights and copyright in the accompanying documentation and language modules ;
1.6.3 not to alter , obscure , remove , [hide] or otherwise interfere with any eye-readable or machine-readable marking on the licensed software or its packaging which refers to as author or developer of the licensed software or otherwise refers to ' copyright in the licensed software or de wilde 's marketing rights and copyright in the accompanying documentation and language modules ;

‘ Did he truly say that ? ’ asked Joan , unable to conceal her delight . ‘ Really and truly ? ’
‘ did he truly say that ? ’ asked joan , unable to [hide] her delight . ‘ really and truly ? ’

As it was , he must conceal his sorrow , his grief , his terrifying sense of aloneness …
as it was , he must [hide] his sorrow , his grief , his terrifying sense of aloneness …

‘ Why did not you say so then ! ’ Joan 's seeming ill-humour was a ploy to conceal even from herself her true feelings — the quickening of her pulses at mention of the beloved , told a different story .
‘ why did not you say so then ! ’ joan 's seeming ill-humour was a ploy to [hide] even from herself her true feelings — the quickening of her pulses at mention of the beloved , told a different story .

Overjoyed at the prospect , she found it difficult to conceal her excitement from those around her .
overjoyed at the prospect , she found it difficult to [hide] her excitement from those around her .

More disappointed than she was prepared to admit , Joan could not entirely conceal her chagrin .
more disappointed than she was prepared to admit , joan could not entirely [hide] her chagrin .

Every self-respecting ideology develops its own complex defence mechanisms which cunningly conceal , or paper over , the glaring discrepancies and inconsistences which inevitably arise between what ought to happen and what actually does .
every self-respecting ideology develops its own complex defence mechanisms which cunningly [hide] , or paper over , the glaring discrepancies and inconsistences which inevitably arise between what ought to happen and what actually does .

Take particular care not to leave live electrical flexes trailing in an exposed position or even behind a chair where the puppy could conceal itself .
take particular care not to leave live electrical flexes trailing in an exposed position or even behind a chair where the puppy could [hide] itself .

Negotiations between the Republic and the Vatican languished ; many Spanish bishops , including the primate , Cardinal-Archbishop Segura of Toledo , made little attempt to conceal their hostility to the Republic , Segura himself being eventually declared persona non grata by the government ; and in May 1931 Catholic sensibilities were outraged when the Provisional Government appeared unwilling to crush an outburst of church-burning and anticlerical violence in Madrid and several southern cities .
negotiations between the republic and the vatican languished ; many spanish bishops , including the primate , cardinal-archbishop segura of toledo , made little attempt to [hide] their hostility to the republic , segura himself being eventually declared persona non grata by the government ; and in may 1931 catholic sensibilities were outraged when the provisional government appeared unwilling to crush an outburst of church-burning and anticlerical violence in madrid and several southern cities .

He knew that shock , grief , trauma took people in different ways , and if this bizarre opening was helping her , he could conceal his impatience .
he knew that shock , grief , trauma took people in different ways , and if this bizarre opening was helping her , he could [hide] his impatience .

Management when using directly employed labour may have more opportunity to conceal its own inefficiency .
management when using directly employed labour may have more opportunity to [hide] its own inefficiency .

The objective of a company taking advantage of these provisions , therefore , is to conceal as much of its activities as possible from the outside world and therefore maintain a degree of confidentiality .
the objective of a company taking advantage of these provisions , therefore , is to [hide] as much of its activities as possible from the outside world and therefore maintain a degree of confidentiality .

Again , that smile … as if she was barely managing to conceal some kind of pain .
again , that smile … as if she was barely managing to [hide] some kind of pain .

‘ Well , ’ Diane said , with an edge of exasperation in her voice that she could n't fully conceal , ‘ what do you reckon ? ’
‘ well , ’ diane said , with an edge of exasperation in her voice that she could n't fully [hide] , ‘ what do you reckon ? ’

Moreover , an over-abstract representation can conceal important information .
moreover , an over-abstract representation can [hide] important information .

First , it is essential that the two-way flow of land use change should be emphasized , for as both Figures 8.1 and 8.2 show , net gains can conceal a far more complex picture .
first , it is essential that the two-way flow of land use change should be emphasized , for as both figures 8.1 and 8.2 show , net gains can [hide] a far more complex picture .

His mother 's vegetarianism had been carefully respected at lunch , with the usual faint suggestion that it was aberrant and therefore embarrassing , although Sara did try to conceal her opinion .
his mother 's vegetarianism had been carefully respected at lunch , with the usual faint suggestion that it was aberrant and therefore embarrassing , although sara did try to [hide] her opinion .

In the half-light that was not yet day , roadside trees could conceal could even be — the dreaded pursuers , caught up with him at last .
in the half-light that was not yet day , roadside trees could [hide] could even be — the dreaded pursuers , caught up with him at last .

Since television is now admitted to all other public aspects of our national life it is absurd for the Commons to conceal themselves .
since television is now admitted to all other public aspects of our national life it is absurd for the commons to [hide] themselves .

Data on consultation rates conceal as much as they uncover .
data on consultation rates [hide] as much as they uncover .

He climbed into the back seat and looked towards Annie 's cabin , making little attempt to conceal himself or keep low .
he climbed into the back seat and looked towards annie 's cabin , making little attempt to [hide] himself or keep low .

On such occasions his half-serious xenophobia could not conceal the seriousness of his patriotic sentiments ( a patriotism which was revealed unambiguously in the responses to the Wilson-Patterson Scale of Conservatism ) .
on such occasions his half-serious xenophobia could not [hide] the seriousness of his patriotic sentiments ( a patriotism which was revealed unambiguously in the responses to the wilson-patterson scale of conservatism ) .

Indeed categorizing data on a regional basis can conceal almost as much as it reveals .
indeed categorizing data on a regional basis can [hide] almost as much as it reveals .

Another aspect of the craft to be mastered is the ability to conceal the conflicting demands of being a conciliator bargaining to secure compliance , while ultimately doing a policing job .
another aspect of the craft to be mastered is the ability to [hide] the conflicting demands of being a conciliator bargaining to secure compliance , while ultimately doing a policing job .

It can also provide the rationale for arguing that certain perceptions and beliefs conceal real social contradictions and thus present an inadequate representation of reality .
it can also provide the rationale for arguing that certain perceptions and beliefs [hide] real social contradictions and thus present an inadequate representation of reality .

The immaculate officer stepped gingerly aboard Sinar Surya and failed to conceal his astonishment at our living conditions .
the immaculate officer stepped gingerly aboard sinar surya and failed to [hide] his astonishment at our living conditions .

She had been lonely from the start of her marriage , despite the presence of a small army of black servants in the Queen Anne plantation house overlooking the James River , and several years had passed before she understood fully that her husband had used his frequent absences , at first on plantation business , then in Washington , to conceal an almost total lack of physical interest in her .
she had been lonely from the start of her marriage , despite the presence of a small army of black servants in the queen anne plantation house overlooking the james river , and several years had passed before she understood fully that her husband had used his frequent absences , at first on plantation business , then in washington , to [hide] an almost total lack of physical interest in her .

But now that her once-passionate nature was reawakening and she was beginning to feel vibrantly alive again , the cold perfunctory touch of her husband 's fingers seemed suddenly more repugnant than ever before , and she withdrew her hand hastily from his and picked up her glass to conceal the real reason for breaking the contact .
but now that her once-passionate nature was reawakening and she was beginning to feel vibrantly alive again , the cold perfunctory touch of her husband 's fingers seemed suddenly more repugnant than ever before , and she withdrew her hand hastily from his and picked up her glass to [hide] the real reason for breaking the contact .

They are better and worse — better when they are being their simple selves , amusing everyone and faithful as lovers ; worse when they disguise themselves as humans ( Judge Doom/Christopher Lloyd ) and conceal their origins .
they are better and worse — better when they are being their simple selves , amusing everyone and faithful as lovers ; worse when they disguise themselves as humans ( judge doom/christopher lloyd ) and [hide] their origins .

Equally important , the bodies of the actors conceal their own shadows on the screen , provided they do n't move too fast and the camera stands still , or at least does not move sideways This restriction can be irksome at times in which case rear projection — otherwise largely superseded — comes into play .
equally important , the bodies of the actors [hide] their own shadows on the screen , provided they do n't move too fast and the camera stands still , or at least does not move sideways this restriction can be irksome at times in which case rear projection — otherwise largely superseded — comes into play .

Trick tables conceal parts of the actors ’ bodies , and models are made for the missing parts , liberally spattered with gore and guts .
trick tables [hide] parts of the actors ’ bodies , and models are made for the missing parts , liberally spattered with gore and guts .

Since breaches of these norms can lead to an acquittal , there is a strong temptation to conceal breaches , especially when the police believe that they have strong evidence of guilt .
since breaches of these norms can lead to an acquittal , there is a strong temptation to [hide] breaches , especially when the police believe that they have strong evidence of guilt .

These ideas justify their power and privilege and conceal from all members of society the basis of exploitation and oppression on which their dominance rests .
these ideas justify their power and privilege and [hide] from all members of society the basis of exploitation and oppression on which their dominance rests .

While conceding that ‘ thirty years of study and the writing of one million words must have left their mark on Newton 's mind ’ , Hall is inclined , on the whole , to reaffirm his verdict , published in a joint paper in 1958 , that Newton attempted to retrieve useful chemical facts from the enigmatic and mysterious terms employed by alchemists to conceal them .
while conceding that ‘ thirty years of study and the writing of one million words must have left their mark on newton 's mind ’ , hall is inclined , on the whole , to reaffirm his verdict , published in a joint paper in 1958 , that newton attempted to retrieve useful chemical facts from the enigmatic and mysterious terms employed by alchemists to [hide] them .

As for war policy , Spartan censorship and secrecy could not conceal the rivalries and back-biting : jealousy , phthonos , felt for Brasidas by the ‘ leading men ’ of Sparta caused him to be starved of supplies ( iv .
as for war policy , spartan censorship and secrecy could not [hide] the rivalries and back-biting : jealousy , phthonos , felt for brasidas by the ‘ leading men ’ of sparta caused him to be starved of supplies ( iv .

These broad regional variations conceal substantial differences at the sub-regional level , although , again , these can be classified in terms of the more accessible and the less accessible areas .
these broad regional variations [hide] substantial differences at the sub-regional level , although , again , these can be classified in terms of the more accessible and the less accessible areas .

Throughout the eighteenth and most of the nineteenth centuries the myth of a decline from former prosperity tended to conceal these limits and it was not until the 1890 's that a first and very approximate calculation of her agricultural potential radically reversed the notion of a nation richly endowed by nature .
throughout the eighteenth and most of the nineteenth centuries the myth of a decline from former prosperity tended to [hide] these limits and it was not until the 1890 's that a first and very approximate calculation of her agricultural potential radically reversed the notion of a nation richly endowed by nature .

Protective antiquarianism could not conceal the true issues : the rights of the sovereign nation to decide on all matters ( liberal regalism , with the Cortes playing the role of the prince ) and the contest between traditional and liberal Spain involving the significance of her historical past .
protective antiquarianism could not [hide] the true issues : the rights of the sovereign nation to decide on all matters ( liberal regalism , with the cortes playing the role of the prince ) and the contest between traditional and liberal spain involving the significance of her historical past .

Her father had wanted her to turn out to be something exotic , an actress perhaps , or even , in the camera-obsessed sixties , a model , and he could n't conceal his disappointment at the growth of a big-boned daughter who seemed without ambition .
her father had wanted her to turn out to be something exotic , an actress perhaps , or even , in the camera-obsessed sixties , a model , and he could n't [hide] his disappointment at the growth of a big-boned daughter who seemed without ambition .

Now , for the first time , Heaps reveals the true story of the Reichmanns and the family secret that they were so desperate to conceal
now , for the first time , heaps reveals the true story of the reichmanns and the family secret that they were so desperate to [hide]

You can conceal something by putting it as one item of a considerable list , in the above instance the list of brown things .
you can [hide] something by putting it as one item of a considerable list , in the above instance the list of brown things .

You will not need to take as many steps to conceal this as you would have had you been writing the blueprint book .
you will not need to take as many steps to [hide] this as you would have had you been writing the blueprint book .

In time , perhaps , she would make efforts to conceal her resentment about his ability to make her feel guilty , and he would make efforts to conceal his anguish about the loss of her .
in time , perhaps , she would make efforts to [hide] her resentment about his ability to make her feel guilty , and he would make efforts to [hide] his anguish about the loss of her .

Neither man had time to conceal or alter his facial expression , and Rostov was struck by the disparity .
neither man had time to [hide] or alter his facial expression , and rostov was struck by the disparity .

The Manchu was eating with economy , and seemed oblivious to the strangeness of his surroundings , but Alexei was sitting frozen , unable to conceal his disbelief as he watched a Yek officer impaling his meat with claws which were easily three centimetres long .
the manchu was eating with economy , and seemed oblivious to the strangeness of his surroundings , but alexei was sitting frozen , unable to [hide] his disbelief as he watched a yek officer impaling his meat with claws which were easily three centimetres long .

There was evidence that despite torture and execution , the clergy at the cathedral had managed to conceal it .
there was evidence that despite torture and execution , the clergy at the cathedral had managed to [hide] it .

He 'd become more aware of her as an attractive girl with a very feminine figure that the fashionable flat-chested dress styles could not conceal .
he 'd become more aware of her as an attractive girl with a very feminine figure that the fashionable flat-chested dress styles could not [hide] .

Trent is not alone among regions ; it is merely that Trent does not conceal its statistics .
trent is not alone among regions ; it is merely that trent does not [hide] its statistics .

As Nizan himself pointedly remarked in 1935 , `` All reactionary literatures dread reality ; they either avoid it or conceal it .
as nizan himself pointedly remarked in 1935 , `` all reactionary literatures dread reality ; they either avoid it or [hide] it .

Moths and bugs and spiders conceal themselves in crannies of the bark .
moths and bugs and spiders [hide] themselves in crannies of the bark .

The fact that the claim is made in third party proceedings in the context of a denial by the third defendant that he has conspired against the plaintiffs or defrauded them must not be allowed to conceal the fact that the claim for contribution from the third party necessarily asserts the contrary , albeit on a contingent basis .
the fact that the claim is made in third party proceedings in the context of a denial by the third defendant that he has conspired against the plaintiffs or defrauded them must not be allowed to [hide] the fact that the claim for contribution from the third party necessarily asserts the contrary , albeit on a contingent basis .

In fact , by the end of the sixties Zahedis relationship with Amir Abbas Hoveyda had degenerated into bitter dislike , which Zahedi , impetuous and frank , took less trouble to conceal .
in fact , by the end of the sixties zahedis relationship with amir abbas hoveyda had degenerated into bitter dislike , which zahedi , impetuous and frank , took less trouble to [hide] .

Originally there may have been a third piece joined to these to conceal the opening .
originally there may have been a third piece joined to these to [hide] the opening .

So far as modern alloys are concerned , their names ( eg ‘ copper-nickel ’ , aluminium-copper ’ etc ) often indicate the main ingredients . With the older alloys , however , the descriptions used seem more intended to conceal rather than reveal the ingredients !
so far as modern alloys are concerned , their names ( eg ‘ copper-nickel ’ , aluminium-copper ’ etc ) often indicate the main ingredients . with the older alloys , however , the descriptions used seem more intended to [hide] rather than reveal the ingredients !

Alternatively , an apparent readiness to change may conceal an intention to resist in concerted action with others .
alternatively , an apparent readiness to change may [hide] an intention to resist in concerted action with others .

Glib statements about the use of prime movers and changing the reward system conceal the considerable difficulties often involved in doing just that .
glib statements about the use of prime movers and changing the reward system [hide] the considerable difficulties often involved in doing just that .

As Charles limped along Praed Street , he began to regret dressing up for the encounter , but when he reflected on the exceptional violence of blackmailers in all detective fiction , he decided it was as well to conceal his identity .
as charles limped along praed street , he began to regret dressing up for the encounter , but when he reflected on the exceptional violence of blackmailers in all detective fiction , he decided it was as well to [hide] his identity .

As they reached the privet hedge fronting the Newleys ' garden , he was fervently grateful to have a last-minute reprieve : the drawing-room curtains were n't thick enough to conceal the light behind them .
as they reached the privet hedge fronting the newleys ' garden , he was fervently grateful to have a last-minute reprieve : the drawing-room curtains were n't thick enough to [hide] the light behind them .

The policeman made no attempt to conceal himself .
the policeman made no attempt to [hide] himself .

He wished his first instinct had not been to conceal the traces of Tessa 's existence , but it had been .
he wished his first instinct had not been to [hide] the traces of tessa 's existence , but it had been .

Fearing that Morris had stopped to watch him yawning , he would at once return to his work , and try to conceal his yawns behind his hand .
fearing that morris had stopped to watch him yawning , he would at once return to his work , and try to [hide] his yawns behind his hand .

Ah , the Longhands knew how to conceal things .
ah , the longhands knew how to [hide] things .

Often as they talked he kept his gaze on her face , looking into her eyes , and as she stood with her hands on the handlebars of her bicycle his hand often covered hers as though by accident . At times Anne felt sure that he was attracted to her , but if so why did he never ask to meet her , and why did he conceal these chance meetings from his family ?
often as they talked he kept his gaze on her face , looking into her eyes , and as she stood with her hands on the handlebars of her bicycle his hand often covered hers as though by accident . at times anne felt sure that he was attracted to her , but if so why did he never ask to meet her , and why did he [hide] these chance meetings from his family ?

Pain had her in its grip again , but with the help of the black bottles of medicine she was able to conceal the worst of her suffering from her family .
pain had her in its grip again , but with the help of the black bottles of medicine she was able to [hide] the worst of her suffering from her family .

It would have been harder to conceal their happiness at another time , but now everyone was engrossed in weightier matters .
it would have been harder to [hide] their happiness at another time , but now everyone was engrossed in weightier matters .

Their mother seemed to rally as she always did for her children but no matter how she tried to conceal it , it was clear to all of them that she was near the end of her strength .
their mother seemed to rally as she always did for her children but no matter how she tried to [hide] it , it was clear to all of them that she was near the end of her strength .

Always ready to look on the bright side she expected that the remission would last for a long time , and there was a conspiracy between Maureen and her mother to conceal Julia 's suffering from her .
always ready to look on the bright side she expected that the remission would last for a long time , and there was a conspiracy between maureen and her mother to [hide] julia 's suffering from her .

Sarah seemed to be closer to Maureen at this time than to Anne , as she and Maureen could speak freely to each other about the love they had to conceal from others .
sarah seemed to be closer to maureen at this time than to anne , as she and maureen could speak freely to each other about the love they had to [hide] from others .

These overall figures conceal considerable variation between classes , as the comparison of ten sample schools in Table 4.5 shows .
these overall figures [hide] considerable variation between classes , as the comparison of ten sample schools in table 4.5 shows .

With the Khan of the Merkuts as with his own father he found it almost impossible to conceal his true emotions .
with the khan of the merkuts as with his own father he found it almost impossible to [hide] his true emotions .

The mating instinct allied to fear of loneliness was an irresistible combination , concluded the sergeant , gazing round the pub to conceal his irritation .
the mating instinct allied to fear of loneliness was an irresistible combination , concluded the sergeant , gazing round the pub to [hide] his irritation .

Regional statistics , however , conceal local differences .
regional statistics , however , [hide] local differences .

He had had to conceal his revulsion at the creased and thumbed photographs handed round from desk to desk at school — those grey girls with their balloon breasts and gaping hairy forks .
he had had to [hide] his revulsion at the creased and thumbed photographs handed round from desk to desk at school — those grey girls with their balloon breasts and gaping hairy forks .

The walls were no longer quite so solid as they had seemed , and each white-suited attendant seemed to conceal an assassin dressed in black .
the walls were no longer quite so solid as they had seemed , and each white-suited attendant seemed to [hide] an assassin dressed in black .

The attitude of the doctors then usually forces patients to conceal their spontaneous feelings about the information .
the attitude of the doctors then usually forces patients to [hide] their spontaneous feelings about the information .

Ariel clasps Roukoubé and runs towards the sea ; the shadows conceal her , she hears the shot , but then she splashes into the shoals and turns to run along the tideline to keep her bearings in the dark .
ariel clasps roukoubé and runs towards the sea ; the shadows [hide] her , she hears the shot , but then she splashes into the shoals and turns to run along the tideline to keep her bearings in the dark .

For it is part of magic 's function to conceal its real dynamic under a smoke-screen of fustian and fantasy , precisely because magic is no longer magic if it ceases to be the monopoly of the class or section who practise it .
for it is part of magic 's function to [hide] its real dynamic under a smoke-screen of fustian and fantasy , precisely because magic is no longer magic if it ceases to be the monopoly of the class or section who practise it .

Stratford employed many poor , spending £1,400 on labour in one year , and taking trouble to conceal planting procedures from prying eyes .
stratford employed many poor , spending £1,400 on labour in one year , and taking trouble to [hide] planting procedures from prying eyes .

What it does , in effect , is to enable such companies to conceal from outsiders detailed information regarding profitability and turnover , something of which they have a ( much exaggerated ) fear that it will be used by their competitors to the company ‘ s disadvantage .
what it does , in effect , is to enable such companies to [hide] from outsiders detailed information regarding profitability and turnover , something of which they have a ( much exaggerated ) fear that it will be used by their competitors to the company ‘ s disadvantage .

She sat in front of the mirror and wound the scarf to conceal them .
she sat in front of the mirror and wound the scarf to [hide] them .

Sometimes , when the Gestapo came in search of one of our refugees , the men of the Maquis were able to conceal him here until the danger was past .
sometimes , when the gestapo came in search of one of our refugees , the men of the maquis were able to [hide] him here until the danger was past .

She shivered and rubbed her arms , trying to conceal her rising agitation .
she shivered and rubbed her arms , trying to [hide] her rising agitation .

’ She was working hard to conceal her distress , but the tremor in her voice was unmistakable .
’ she was working hard to [hide] her distress , but the tremor in her voice was unmistakable .

Whilst it may be in the interests of the court and a ‘ fair result ’ for as much as possible to be disclosed in the early stages so that the matters really in dispute can be identified and the strength of the evidence assessed , it will often be in the interests of the parties to conceal what they know .
whilst it may be in the interests of the court and a ‘ fair result ’ for as much as possible to be disclosed in the early stages so that the matters really in dispute can be identified and the strength of the evidence assessed , it will often be in the interests of the parties to [hide] what they know .

They quite fail to conceal the troubled human shallowness of all the raunch they profess so coolly and brightly to place and displace with a laugh .
they quite fail to [hide] the troubled human shallowness of all the raunch they profess so coolly and brightly to place and displace with a laugh .

Wickham could not conceal that he did not share her view .
wickham could not [hide] that he did not share her view .

Rain was going to conceal her knowledge of his searches but Oliver bounced in with : ‘ Why did n't you ask rather than search Rain 's bag and car ? ’
rain was going to [hide] her knowledge of his searches but oliver bounced in with : ‘ why did n't you ask rather than search rain 's bag and car ? ’

Before he could conceal himself again , Mandru 's voice came across the space between them .
before he could [hide] himself again , mandru 's voice came across the space between them .

Wakelate did not bother to conceal his surprise at this request .
wakelate did not bother to [hide] his surprise at this request .

She looked at him with a rising sense of panic that she tried to conceal .
she looked at him with a rising sense of panic that she tried to [hide] .

Never conceal a mistake , for mistakes kept in the dark tend to grow out of all proportion .
never [hide] a mistake , for mistakes kept in the dark tend to grow out of all proportion .

This does not derogate from his duty to act honestly and faithfully towards his customer and the broker must not conceal material facts in order to obtain an advantage for himself .
this does not derogate from his duty to act honestly and faithfully towards his customer and the broker must not [hide] material facts in order to obtain an advantage for himself .

It required an effort to conceal the sharp stab of pain his words had caused , but she agreed with a light , ‘ Three cheers for upbringing .
it required an effort to [hide] the sharp stab of pain his words had caused , but she agreed with a light , ‘ three cheers for upbringing .

Perhaps it was in deference to her sensibilities that he had slipped on a robe , but it did less to conceal the perfection of his body than to hint tantalisingly at it .
perhaps it was in deference to her sensibilities that he had slipped on a robe , but it did less to [hide] the perfection of his body than to hint tantalisingly at it .

’ It was hard to conceal the sudden rush of nerves she felt when she saw the way he was watching her with that barely hidden amusement .
’ it was hard to [hide] the sudden rush of nerves she felt when she saw the way he was watching her with that barely hidden amusement .

She managed to conceal her feelings from those around her , however , and she was doubly encouraging to her passenger , who , uncharacteristically for her , was nervous about the wedding .
she managed to [hide] her feelings from those around her , however , and she was doubly encouraging to her passenger , who , uncharacteristically for her , was nervous about the wedding .

When she finally reached his side , he looked up , his eyes dark with an anger he was n't quite quick enough to conceal .
when she finally reached his side , he looked up , his eyes dark with an anger he was n't quite quick enough to [hide] .

’ Leith only just managed to stop her jaw from dropping at the astuteness of the man when he continued , ‘ Having left Ardis and applied for a job here , you then made a conscious decision to dress down your looks and conceal your figure , though not because of any sexual hang-up ?
’ leith only just managed to stop her jaw from dropping at the astuteness of the man when he continued , ‘ having left ardis and applied for a job here , you then made a conscious decision to dress down your looks and [hide] your figure , though not because of any sexual hang-up ?

For , to conceal the fact that in her utter astonishment she was looking ready to drop , Naylor moved his chair closer to her and drew her attention by planting a light and loving kiss on her cheek .
for , to [hide] the fact that in her utter astonishment she was looking ready to drop , naylor moved his chair closer to her and drew her attention by planting a light and loving kiss on her cheek .

If his lips touched hers she 'd never be able to conceal the truth — that her love was still there in spite of his hatred for her .
if his lips touched hers she 'd never be able to [hide] the truth — that her love was still there in spite of his hatred for her .

‘ Does your flippancy conceal a regret that those old times are gone forever ? ’ He sat a foot away from her on the edge of the bed .
‘ does your flippancy [hide] a regret that those old times are gone forever ? ’ he sat a foot away from her on the edge of the bed .

‘ Is that a threat ? ’ she enquired , adopting a painstakingly careless tone which was meant to conceal her trepidation .
‘ is that a threat ? ’ she enquired , adopting a painstakingly careless tone which was meant to [hide] her trepidation .

to the question whether or not the person concerned with the supply of information … had any incentive to conceal or misrepresent the facts .
to the question whether or not the person concerned with the supply of information … had any incentive to [hide] or misrepresent the facts .

Even among the Europeans mass intercontinental migration was confined to the people of relatively few countries , in this period overwhelmingly to the British , the Irish and the Germans , and , from the 1860s on , the Norwegians and Swedes — the Danes never emigrated to the same extent — whose small numbers conceal the enormous relative size of their demographic drain .
even among the europeans mass intercontinental migration was confined to the people of relatively few countries , in this period overwhelmingly to the british , the irish and the germans , and , from the 1860s on , the norwegians and swedes — the danes never emigrated to the same extent — whose small numbers [hide] the enormous relative size of their demographic drain .

The bourgeoisie 's insistence on loyalty , discipline and modest contentment could not really conceal that its real views about what made workers labour were quite different .
the bourgeoisie 's insistence on loyalty , discipline and modest contentment could not really [hide] that its real views about what made workers labour were quite different .

( e ) Staff Two particular matters , in the nature of carrot and stick , may conveniently be mentioned here as being important for the partners to determine as a matter of firm policy : ( 1 ) r7 of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules 1990 permits solicitors to share their profits with their bona fide employees so long as such arrangements do not conceal an effective partnership .
( e ) staff two particular matters , in the nature of carrot and stick , may conveniently be mentioned here as being important for the partners to determine as a matter of firm policy : ( 1 ) r7 of the solicitors ' practice rules 1990 permits solicitors to share their profits with their bona fide employees so long as such arrangements do not [hide] an effective partnership .

Environmentalists fear that the programme is designed to conceal a retreat from a campaign pledge made by President Clinton to increase average fuel efficiency required by law to 40 mpg by 2000 and 45 mpg by 2015 , which has been fiercely resisted by car companies .
environmentalists fear that the programme is designed to [hide] a retreat from a campaign pledge made by president clinton to increase average fuel efficiency required by law to 40 mpg by 2000 and 45 mpg by 2015 , which has been fiercely resisted by car companies .

Once or twice , when Harry and Fleury had had to leave her to her own devices for a few moments in order to fight off the sepoys , she had become very upset and had made little attempt to conceal the fact .
once or twice , when harry and fleury had had to leave her to her own devices for a few moments in order to fight off the sepoys , she had become very upset and had made little attempt to [hide] the fact .

It 's a cosmetic painted on life by rich people to conceal its ugliness . ``
it 's a cosmetic painted on life by rich people to [hide] its ugliness . ``

Now , however , many spin silk to conceal themselves from the world .
now , however , many spin silk to [hide] themselves from the world .

Others possess cultures of phosphorescent bacteria in special organs with flaps of skin over them which can be moved to expose or conceal the bacteria in a series of winks and flashes .
others possess cultures of phosphorescent bacteria in special organs with flaps of skin over them which can be moved to expose or [hide] the bacteria in a series of winks and flashes .

There were times when Eliot seemed uncertain or ill at ease , suddenly very much the `` resident alien `` — one has the impression , always , of a man invaded by inexplicable moods and anxieties which he did his best to conceal — and Hayward 's own dominating and very English manner afforded him at such times a certain amount of confidence .
there were times when eliot seemed uncertain or ill at ease , suddenly very much the `` resident alien `` — one has the impression , always , of a man invaded by inexplicable moods and anxieties which he did his best to [hide] — and hayward 's own dominating and very english manner afforded him at such times a certain amount of confidence .

The suggestions of homosexuality are , however , only one aspect of the attempt to discover some `` mystery `` which he wished to conceal ; and , in fact , the belief that there is such a secret has been largely provoked by the innate secretiveness of his own temperament .
the suggestions of homosexuality are , however , only one aspect of the attempt to discover some `` mystery `` which he wished to [hide] ; and , in fact , the belief that there is such a secret has been largely provoked by the innate secretiveness of his own temperament .

They affected to despise her , but they did not find their contempt a strain , whereas the other really bad disciplinarian in the school , a Geography mistress , one Miss Riley , inflicted on them an intolerable suffering , for they felt themselves compelled to torment her , and she would sit before them , thin and pretty and anguished , making vain attempts to restore order , miserably transparent in her misery , and unable to conceal the depths of her humiliation — depths which frightened them , but which they could not leave unplumbed .
they affected to despise her , but they did not find their contempt a strain , whereas the other really bad disciplinarian in the school , a geography mistress , one miss riley , inflicted on them an intolerable suffering , for they felt themselves compelled to torment her , and she would sit before them , thin and pretty and anguished , making vain attempts to restore order , miserably transparent in her misery , and unable to [hide] the depths of her humiliation — depths which frightened them , but which they could not leave unplumbed .

Miss Haines too favoured Clara , but being young and honourable she made every effort to conceal it .
miss haines too favoured clara , but being young and honourable she made every effort to [hide] it .

And she said it with such pride and such display that Clara did not feel at all obliged to conceal the amazement and delight that she felt , as she might , if confronted with a more worldly modesty , have done : for Clelia 's manner declared , this is singular this is beautiful , this may legitimately amaze , you betray no innocence in admiring this .
and she said it with such pride and such display that clara did not feel at all obliged to [hide] the amazement and delight that she felt , as she might , if confronted with a more worldly modesty , have done : for clelia 's manner declared , this is singular this is beautiful , this may legitimately amaze , you betray no innocence in admiring this .

Many are forced , by family or social pressures , to conceal their feelings ; hence the `` underground `` nature of homosexual culture until recently .
many are forced , by family or social pressures , to [hide] their feelings ; hence the `` underground `` nature of homosexual culture until recently .

The adoption of this form of reification in legal reasoning tends to conceal the distributive aim behind a rhetoric which is superficially compatible with liberalism .
the adoption of this form of reification in legal reasoning tends to [hide] the distributive aim behind a rhetoric which is superficially compatible with liberalism .

Because such objects gain value as time elapses it means that a profit can be realised by anyone patient enough to conceal them for twenty years .
because such objects gain value as time elapses it means that a profit can be realised by anyone patient enough to [hide] them for twenty years .

‘ Drawings reveal the creative process , while paintings often conceal those aspects ’ , says New York private dealer Stephen Mazoh .
‘ drawings reveal the creative process , while paintings often [hide] those aspects ’ , says new york private dealer stephen mazoh .

Cultural notions of feminine behaviour probably act to conceal deviance in women .
cultural notions of feminine behaviour probably act to [hide] deviance in women .

Too many notes simply obscure the overall shape and conceal the essential content of a lecture .
too many notes simply obscure the overall shape and [hide] the essential content of a lecture .

’ This is too harsh , but points to an important ambiguity in Foucault 's work : the neologisms and allusive argument conceal an approximation to older theoretical traditions .
’ this is too harsh , but points to an important ambiguity in foucault 's work : the neologisms and allusive argument [hide] an approximation to older theoretical traditions .

The government made little effort to conceal a belief that the rural sector had to pay for the development of the urban/industrial one .
the government made little effort to [hide] a belief that the rural sector had to pay for the development of the urban/industrial one .

There was mounting anxiety among the Jesuits lest Galileo had a decisive argument against the Tychonic system , which he was bound to conceal .
there was mounting anxiety among the jesuits lest galileo had a decisive argument against the tychonic system , which he was bound to [hide] .

The decision that a particular intervention is not clinically indicated may conceal two quite different ethical assumptions .
the decision that a particular intervention is not clinically indicated may [hide] two quite different ethical assumptions .

When bad news was finally announced , dealers were instructed to conceal it from their clients for as long as possible .
when bad news was finally announced , dealers were instructed to [hide] it from their clients for as long as possible .

But the common label may conceal the differences between them .
but the common label may [hide] the differences between them .

So a formal democracy , in which the people or the people 's representatives appeared to rule , might conceal a very undemocratic distribution of actual power .
so a formal democracy , in which the people or the people 's representatives appeared to rule , might [hide] a very undemocratic distribution of actual power .

Similarly , when we examine opinions on specific issues , it frequently turns out that no one position or policy commands majority support : opinion is divided amongst a range of options — although opinion polls , with their predilection for yes/no answers to over-simple questions , often conceal this .
similarly , when we examine opinions on specific issues , it frequently turns out that no one position or policy commands majority support : opinion is divided amongst a range of options — although opinion polls , with their predilection for yes/no answers to over-simple questions , often [hide] this .

It amazed him such a slip of a girl could have such passion in her , and by then he had noticed the perfect contours of her body which neither the black dress nor the prim white apron could conceal .
it amazed him such a slip of a girl could have such passion in her , and by then he had noticed the perfect contours of her body which neither the black dress nor the prim white apron could [hide] .

Tired cliches like the ‘ information revolution ’ and the no longer new ‘ new technologies ’ tend merely to conceal the degree to which the production and publishing of the national newspapers and the rituals , allegiances and routine expectations of their various readerships have been reworked and transformed .
tired cliches like the ‘ information revolution ’ and the no longer new ‘ new technologies ’ tend merely to [hide] the degree to which the production and publishing of the national newspapers and the rituals , allegiances and routine expectations of their various readerships have been reworked and transformed .

Once again , it would seem clear that we are dealing with the same individual , whose militant nationalism it was deemed expedient to conceal .
once again , it would seem clear that we are dealing with the same individual , whose militant nationalism it was deemed expedient to [hide] .

Whether by accident or design , it has also served to conceal historical information of considerable importance .
whether by accident or design , it has also served to [hide] historical information of considerable importance .

Some time previously , he had discovered a system of cryptography — he called it the ‘ Atbash Cipher ’ — which had been used to conceal certain names in Essene/Zadokite/Nazarean texts .
some time previously , he had discovered a system of cryptography — he called it the ‘ atbash cipher ’ — which had been used to [hide] certain names in essene/zadokite/nazarean texts .

But perhaps Ratty would above all treasure the slow pace of life and the almost Latin approach to the world — taking things easy is n't a common trait in Germany , but when the ‘ Manyana ’ way of life takes hold the Germans certainly do it well ! Cafés stretch along the river bank , and many of the old half-timbered houses so characteristic of this region conceal bars , restaurants and coffee shops .
but perhaps ratty would above all treasure the slow pace of life and the almost latin approach to the world — taking things easy is n't a common trait in germany , but when the ‘ manyana ’ way of life takes hold the germans certainly do it well ! cafés stretch along the river bank , and many of the old half-timbered houses so characteristic of this region [hide] bars , restaurants and coffee shops .

Those systems are almost infinitely variable , and merely to categorise a system as within the common law or civil law tradition would conceal important differences .
those systems are almost infinitely variable , and merely to categorise a system as within the common law or civil law tradition would [hide] important differences .

Not surprisingly , communication was simplified and rudimentary forms dominated the interactions , as those imposed upon adopted the time-old tactic of retreating into inarticulateness to conceal what goes on within their life-world .
not surprisingly , communication was simplified and rudimentary forms dominated the interactions , as those imposed upon adopted the time-old tactic of retreating into inarticulateness to [hide] what goes on within their life-world .

Sometimes a person may have to conceal parts of his past life , or even some of his own present physical characteristics , what Goffman ( 1963 ) has called stigmata , in order not to jeopardize his reputation in the eyes of others .
sometimes a person may have to [hide] parts of his past life , or even some of his own present physical characteristics , what goffman ( 1963 ) has called stigmata , in order not to jeopardize his reputation in the eyes of others .

The relatively modern pews and colourful hassocks seem merely transient and do nothing to conceal the vibrant essence of this ancient environment .
the relatively modern pews and colourful hassocks seem merely transient and do nothing to [hide] the vibrant essence of this ancient environment .

The definition of what constitutes insider information is therefore crucial , for it determines the information a conglomerate may pass through the Wall and that which it must conceal .
the definition of what constitutes insider information is therefore crucial , for it determines the information a conglomerate may pass through the wall and that which it must [hide] .

By virtue of s.47(1) it is an offence for any person , inter alia , to dishonestly conceal any material facts if he conceals those facts for the purpose of inducing , or is reckless as to whether it may induce , any other person to enter or to offer to enter into , or to refrain from entering or offering to enter into , an investment agreement or to exercise , or refrain from exercising , any rights conferred by an investment .
by virtue of s.47(1) it is an offence for any person , inter alia , to dishonestly [hide] any material facts if he conceals those facts for the purpose of inducing , or is reckless as to whether it may induce , any other person to enter or to offer to enter into , or to refrain from entering or offering to enter into , an investment agreement or to exercise , or refrain from exercising , any rights conferred by an investment .

After choosing the fittings you want , you have several decisions to make : where to site them ; how to provide a power supply ; how to switch them on and off ; and how to conceal the wiring .
after choosing the fittings you want , you have several decisions to make : where to site them ; how to provide a power supply ; how to switch them on and off ; and how to [hide] the wiring .

Several times , he is seen rummaging about in the garbage bag , possibly trying to conceal something .
several times , he is seen rummaging about in the garbage bag , possibly trying to [hide] something .

The lavas may conceal the uppermost , epithermal precious metal zone ( thought to have been removed at Lagalochan ) intact at relatively shallow depth .
the lavas may [hide] the uppermost , epithermal precious metal zone ( thought to have been removed at lagalochan ) intact at relatively shallow depth .

The figures reported in Table 1 are averages and conceal quite large differences among the schools .
the figures reported in table 1 are averages and [hide] quite large differences among the schools .

As with most averages , these percentages conceal a degree of variation between individual schools .
as with most averages , these percentages [hide] a degree of variation between individual schools .

Trying to conceal and sow the seeds of discontent .
trying to [hide] and sow the seeds of discontent .

The mysterious disguise hid the identity of the figure , but could not conceal that it only had one arm .
the mysterious disguise hid the identity of the figure , but could not [hide] that it only had one arm .

’ Milton was finding it difficult to conceal his distaste .
’ milton was finding it difficult to [hide] his distaste .

As it was , an irrelevant image kept popping up in the comer of his eye , dragging his attention away : the image of an old man Iying slumped in the mud against a wall of concrete blocks , turned away , as though death were an act as shameful as intercourse or defecation , which he had sought to conceal as far as possible , even in the bleakly exposed place where it had come to him .
as it was , an irrelevant image kept popping up in the comer of his eye , dragging his attention away : the image of an old man iying slumped in the mud against a wall of concrete blocks , turned away , as though death were an act as shameful as intercourse or defecation , which he had sought to [hide] as far as possible , even in the bleakly exposed place where it had come to him .

The pageant they built was crude — a ladder and a low plinth for God to sit on , a single trapdoor straight out on to the grass , a curtain across to conceal anyone who used it .
the pageant they built was crude — a ladder and a low plinth for god to sit on , a single trapdoor straight out on to the grass , a curtain across to [hide] anyone who used it .

’ Alan quickly suppressed the glimmer of excitement in his eye , but he could not conceal the quickening of his step as he walked back to his end of the village .
’ alan quickly suppressed the glimmer of excitement in his eye , but he could not [hide] the quickening of his step as he walked back to his end of the village .

Either they want to conceal the real cause of death or they 're still alive .
either they want to [hide] the real cause of death or they 're still alive .

However , it is often also expedient for political executives to conceal the reasons for their decisions behind a veil of secrecy , so bureaucrats and politicians may be drawn into an alliance against other politicians ( the Opposition ) and the public to enhance their collective power through confidentiality .
however , it is often also expedient for political executives to [hide] the reasons for their decisions behind a veil of secrecy , so bureaucrats and politicians may be drawn into an alliance against other politicians ( the opposition ) and the public to enhance their collective power through confidentiality .

If Bridget , who knew Geoffrey much better than she had realized , judged it better to conceal the real reason for their visit to Puddephat 's rooms , she would have to go along with her .
if bridget , who knew geoffrey much better than she had realized , judged it better to [hide] the real reason for their visit to puddephat 's rooms , she would have to go along with her .

While the global system is most commonly classified in terms of First , Second and Third Worlds , and these are very convenient and for many purposes useful labels , it is certain that they conceal as much as they reveal .
while the global system is most commonly classified in terms of first , second and third worlds , and these are very convenient and for many purposes useful labels , it is certain that they [hide] as much as they reveal .

Diverticulosis may complicate investigation of these patients , particularly if the colon is being assessed by barium enema examination as the diverticula may conceal the presence of adenomata or malignancy .
diverticulosis may complicate investigation of these patients , particularly if the colon is being assessed by barium enema examination as the diverticula may [hide] the presence of adenomata or malignancy .

And expectations that we work , be active , and conceal as far as possible the very existence of our periods , mean that the instant , ’ disposable ’ , ’ invisible ’ products of the soft paper industry are the obvious choice for the vast majority of women .
and expectations that we work , be active , and [hide] as far as possible the very existence of our periods , mean that the instant , ’ disposable ’ , ’ invisible ’ products of the soft paper industry are the obvious choice for the vast majority of women .

Eisenhower himself was dismayed and indignant when the Israeli attack on Egypt of 29 October was followed by the Anglo-French ultimatum ( whose phraseology could not conceal its anti-Egyptian purpose ) and as the determination to seize the canal by force became apparent .
eisenhower himself was dismayed and indignant when the israeli attack on egypt of 29 october was followed by the anglo-french ultimatum ( whose phraseology could not [hide] its anti-egyptian purpose ) and as the determination to seize the canal by force became apparent .

The account of the martyrdom of bishop Praeiectus , the Passio Praeiecti , and the Life of Bonitus both present complicated narratives , which doubtless conceal specific political and religious biases , but they also provide contemporary accounts of ecclesiastical appointments in a late seventh-century diocese .
the account of the martyrdom of bishop praeiectus , the passio praeiecti , and the life of bonitus both present complicated narratives , which doubtless [hide] specific political and religious biases , but they also provide contemporary accounts of ecclesiastical appointments in a late seventh-century diocese .

This family is characterised by the disk covered with plates often carrying spinelets or granules which do not conceal them , except in Ophiopholis where the granules obscure the plates ; radial shields usually conspicuous ; one apical papilla flanked with rounded oral papillae often separated from it by a diastema and not forming a contiguous series with it , except in Histampica ; the second oral tentacle pore opening within the oral slit ; arm spines short , pointed and erect , not appressed to the side of the arm .
this family is characterised by the disk covered with plates often carrying spinelets or granules which do not [hide] them , except in ophiopholis where the granules obscure the plates ; radial shields usually conspicuous ; one apical papilla flanked with rounded oral papillae often separated from it by a diastema and not forming a contiguous series with it , except in histampica ; the second oral tentacle pore opening within the oral slit ; arm spines short , pointed and erect , not appressed to the side of the arm .

Clearly any break is a disadvantage in a section that sets out to typify a whole division of geological time , but here it is worse , for one of those breaks is now thought ( at least by one eminent British palaeontologist ) to conceal the whole of the British Portlandian .
clearly any break is a disadvantage in a section that sets out to typify a whole division of geological time , but here it is worse , for one of those breaks is now thought ( at least by one eminent british palaeontologist ) to [hide] the whole of the british portlandian .

He pressed his face into the pillow to conceal the sound of a sobbing he could not control .
he pressed his face into the pillow to [hide] the sound of a sobbing he could not control .

In her opinion too , although she had no idea how other men behaved , nor any way of measuring the depth of Tristan 's desire for her ; whether it came easily and naturally to him , as any stallion would mount any mare , or whether it required a degree of effort he chose to conceal .
in her opinion too , although she had no idea how other men behaved , nor any way of measuring the depth of tristan 's desire for her ; whether it came easily and naturally to him , as any stallion would mount any mare , or whether it required a degree of effort he chose to [hide] .

While she waited for the water to come to the boil she put on her boudoir cap to conceal the steel haircurlers ( dragon 's teeth through the night but never mind that ) , and her Jaeger dressing-gown ( which cost the awful sum of £5 ) , and set forth for her regular deliverance on the lavatory .
while she waited for the water to come to the boil she put on her boudoir cap to [hide] the steel haircurlers ( dragon 's teeth through the night but never mind that ) , and her jaeger dressing-gown ( which cost the awful sum of £5 ) , and set forth for her regular deliverance on the lavatory .

The President 's letter reflects mounting concern among solicitors that the Legal Aid Board 's franchising proposals may conceal a hidden agenda on the Lord Chancellor 's part .
the president 's letter reflects mounting concern among solicitors that the legal aid board 's franchising proposals may [hide] a hidden agenda on the lord chancellor 's part .

And , judging from what he 'd said today about — about eyes and lips , she had n't managed to conceal those needs .
and , judging from what he 'd said today about — about eyes and lips , she had n't managed to [hide] those needs .

Ironically she rarely used much make-up herself , but right now she could have done with a cover-up stick to hide the dark shadows beneath her eyes and some blusher to conceal at least a little of her pallor .
ironically she rarely used much make-up herself , but right now she could have done with a cover-up stick to hide the dark shadows beneath her eyes and some blusher to [hide] at least a little of her pallor .

Cosmetics might conceal the pallor of her skin , but it could never hide the shadows in her eyes .
cosmetics might [hide] the pallor of her skin , but it could never hide the shadows in her eyes .

‘ Well ? ’ she demanded , hard pressed to conceal her anxiety as he replaced the receiver on its rest .
‘ well ? ’ she demanded , hard pressed to [hide] her anxiety as he replaced the receiver on its rest .

Ignoring the edge of sarcasm audible in his reply , and making no attempt to conceal her scepticism , she asked instead , ‘ You really believe Svend will get in touch with you if he receives the message ? ’
ignoring the edge of sarcasm audible in his reply , and making no attempt to [hide] her scepticism , she asked instead , ‘ you really believe svend will get in touch with you if he receives the message ? ’

But the whole thing smacks of a cover-up to conceal the truth about falling standards in our schools .
but the whole thing smacks of a cover-up to [hide] the truth about falling standards in our schools .

It is as if she has to create an impervious beauty , a mask to conceal the painfully damaged body beneath the clothes , just as her lips are always closed in these photographs to conceal her decayed teeth .
it is as if she has to create an impervious beauty , a mask to [hide] the painfully damaged body beneath the clothes , just as her lips are always closed in these photographs to [hide] her decayed teeth .

It did not conceal his monstrous organ , the end of which had temporarily found lodgement in the eye socket of the defunct toddler .
it did not [hide] his monstrous organ , the end of which had temporarily found lodgement in the eye socket of the defunct toddler .

His Norman guests , from whom he made no effort to conceal what had happened , were inclined , on his return , to admire him for it .
his norman guests , from whom he made no effort to [hide] what had happened , were inclined , on his return , to admire him for it .

Oh , my God , he thought , would that there were an Islamic garment for men , designed to conceal massive erections !
oh , my god , he thought , would that there were an islamic garment for men , designed to [hide] massive erections !

The fact was that , now that Maisie was about as closely concealed from daylight as a roll of undeveloped film , his desire for her had passed the point where it was possible to conceal it .
the fact was that , now that maisie was about as closely concealed from daylight as a roll of undeveloped film , his desire for her had passed the point where it was possible to [hide] it .

If the prophecy worried her , she was managing to conceal the fact .
if the prophecy worried her , she was managing to [hide] the fact .

At the next stage weavers or knitters could put some yarn aside and conceal the lightness of the resulting cloth in various ways .
at the next stage weavers or knitters could put some yarn aside and [hide] the lightness of the resulting cloth in various ways .

Grain prices between 1750 and 1800 not only were higher on average than those of the preceding fifty years but conceal years like 1766 , 1773 , 1795 – 6 and 1800 – 1 in which harvest failures brought widespread hunger and food rioting .
grain prices between 1750 and 1800 not only were higher on average than those of the preceding fifty years but [hide] years like 1766 , 1773 , 1795 – 6 and 1800 – 1 in which harvest failures brought widespread hunger and food rioting .

She made no attempt to conceal her appealing expanse of breast .
she made no attempt to [hide] her appealing expanse of breast .

Almost every shape of sofa can now conceal a full-size mattress , and many ordinary beds can be bought with space-saving drawers underneath and be disguised with fitted covers and back cushions .
almost every shape of sofa can now [hide] a full-size mattress , and many ordinary beds can be bought with space-saving drawers underneath and be disguised with fitted covers and back cushions .

But apart from a commode under the bed , and a rickety table with a cracked basin and ewer upon it , the only other furnishing the room afforded was a rail across one corner for her wardrobe , with a cotton curtain to conceal the clothes that would be hung upon it .
but apart from a commode under the bed , and a rickety table with a cracked basin and ewer upon it , the only other furnishing the room afforded was a rail across one corner for her wardrobe , with a cotton curtain to [hide] the clothes that would be hung upon it .

She had lost her cap , and so could not again conceal the glory of her hidden beauty , but she twisted the plait in a knot behind her head and clipped it there as best she could with the two pins she had found , so that it resembled the thick queue of a man 's old-fashioned wig .
she had lost her cap , and so could not again [hide] the glory of her hidden beauty , but she twisted the plait in a knot behind her head and clipped it there as best she could with the two pins she had found , so that it resembled the thick queue of a man 's old-fashioned wig .

She tried surreptitiously to refasten them , to conceal the bare expanse of flesh with the ruff that lay open , and looked away when the movement made him glance round at her .
she tried surreptitiously to refasten them , to [hide] the bare expanse of flesh with the ruff that lay open , and looked away when the movement made him glance round at her .

‘ He has other calls on his time now , you know , ’ Theda said lightly , to conceal the ache in her heart , for in spite of her intention his absence could not but be painful .
‘ he has other calls on his time now , you know , ’ theda said lightly , to [hide] the ache in her heart , for in spite of her intention his absence could not but be painful .

It was n't easy to pretend to be casual under their teasing , but she hoped she managed to conceal her real feelings .
it was n't easy to pretend to be casual under their teasing , but she hoped she managed to [hide] her real feelings .

They are paid by a small number of people at export shipping centres on goods difficult to conceal .
they are paid by a small number of people at export shipping centres on goods difficult to [hide] .

Although the United States economy is embraced by a single currency , and although many harmonised conditions conceal the differences , one wonders how much real internal convergence there is between the economies of Illinois , Texas and North Dakota — probably far less than there seems .
although the united states economy is embraced by a single currency , and although many harmonised conditions [hide] the differences , one wonders how much real internal convergence there is between the economies of illinois , texas and north dakota — probably far less than there seems .

It is partly because they are desperate to divert attention from the recession — which they created , from which they can not escape and which will lose them the election — and partly because they are desperate to conceal the enormity of what they have done in wilfully impoverishing the poorer half of the nation .
it is partly because they are desperate to divert attention from the recession — which they created , from which they can not escape and which will lose them the election — and partly because they are desperate to [hide] the enormity of what they have done in wilfully impoverishing the poorer half of the nation .

‘ But if your private affairs were open and above board you would n't be worrying about having to conceal a phone caller 's identity — which is what you are doing .
‘ but if your private affairs were open and above board you would n't be worrying about having to [hide] a phone caller 's identity — which is what you are doing .

She made no attempt to conceal her surprise , her eyes widening slightly as she said , ‘ You mean you think he should remain a bachelor — all his life ? ’
she made no attempt to [hide] her surprise , her eyes widening slightly as she said , ‘ you mean you think he should remain a bachelor — all his life ? ’

We did not reckon on greedy Labour authorities utilising the change to conceal vast increases in public expenditure that they forced on to thousands of unsuspecting electors in our communities , to try to persuade them to change their allegiance from the Conservative party to Labour .
we did not reckon on greedy labour authorities utilising the change to [hide] vast increases in public expenditure that they forced on to thousands of unsuspecting electors in our communities , to try to persuade them to change their allegiance from the conservative party to labour .

Another moment of this and she would not be able to conceal her reactions .
another moment of this and she would not be able to [hide] her reactions .

The thin cotton pyjamas could not conceal his aroused state .
the thin cotton pyjamas could not [hide] his aroused state .

‘ You 're looking a bit peaky , ’ they told her at work , and she tried desperately to conceal her fatigue .
‘ you 're looking a bit peaky , ’ they told her at work , and she tried desperately to [hide] her fatigue .

Clearly she had n't wanted Hugh to know she owned any property in her native country , but why conceal such an important fact ?
clearly she had n't wanted hugh to know she owned any property in her native country , but why [hide] such an important fact ?

Now she was positively skinny , a fact which the dark red silky dress with its cross-over bodice and wrap-around skirt did little to conceal .
now she was positively skinny , a fact which the dark red silky dress with its cross-over bodice and wrap-around skirt did little to [hide] .

Older children understand that a particular situation does not inevitably provoke a particular emotion : the emotion you display depends on how you view the situation , whether you try to change your emotional reaction to it , and whether you try to conceal it from other people .
older children understand that a particular situation does not inevitably provoke a particular emotion : the emotion you display depends on how you view the situation , whether you try to change your emotional reaction to it , and whether you try to [hide] it from other people .

Mrs Goreng had no reason to conceal anything from me any more .
mrs goreng had no reason to [hide] anything from me any more .

She wore a mask to conceal her face .
she wore a mask to [hide] her face .

‘ It would seem that he wanted to conceal his past , ’ he said , as if grudging her that information .
‘ it would seem that he wanted to [hide] his past , ’ he said , as if grudging her that information .

You should n't have tried to conceal the truth from me .
you should n't have tried to [hide] the truth from me .

He justified his secrecy to himself as a necessary precaution , but , lying somewhat deeper , there was a wish to preserve the intimacy of the link with Heather that they represented , a desire to conceal both his possession of them and his pursuit of what they meant .
he justified his secrecy to himself as a necessary precaution , but , lying somewhat deeper , there was a wish to preserve the intimacy of the link with heather that they represented , a desire to [hide] both his possession of them and his pursuit of what they meant .

Suspicion was apparent in every doubt-ridden defile of his expression , perhaps , it suddenly struck Harry , too apparent , as if blazoned there to conceal something else .
suspicion was apparent in every doubt-ridden defile of his expression , perhaps , it suddenly struck harry , too apparent , as if blazoned there to [hide] something else .

Ipuky was caught too off guard to conceal his reaction .
ipuky was caught too off guard to [hide] his reaction .

As with schools , though , these global figures conceal great variation from subject to subject .
as with schools , though , these global figures [hide] great variation from subject to subject .

Even her financial naïveté could n't conceal that she was hardly in the best position to inspire the generosity of bankers .
even her financial naïveté could n't [hide] that she was hardly in the best position to inspire the generosity of bankers .

Folly was beginning to wish she had never mentioned that she was seeing Luke , but her straightforward nature made it difficult to conceal something that was so far to the forefront of her mind .
folly was beginning to wish she had never mentioned that she was seeing luke , but her straightforward nature made it difficult to [hide] something that was so far to the forefront of her mind .

He was contemptuous of her , of her lifestyle , of her attitude , and he was arrogant enough to make no effort to conceal it .
he was contemptuous of her , of her lifestyle , of her attitude , and he was arrogant enough to make no effort to [hide] it .

She found herself peering into nooks and crannies , not that he could manage to conceal himself into one , with his breadth , and was almost disappointed when she realised that he had most probably gone out .
she found herself peering into nooks and crannies , not that he could manage to [hide] himself into one , with his breadth , and was almost disappointed when she realised that he had most probably gone out .

Piers was quick to conceal his surprise .
piers was quick to [hide] his surprise .

The torch she hardly used at all ; only once or twice , shading it within her palm , she let it flash upon the paler gravel of the path , to align her passage alongside the faintly glowing water , and then snapped it out again quickly , to avoid reliance upon its light as much as to conceal her presence here .
the torch she hardly used at all ; only once or twice , shading it within her palm , she let it flash upon the paler gravel of the path , to align her passage alongside the faintly glowing water , and then snapped it out again quickly , to avoid reliance upon its light as much as to [hide] her presence here .

Unspoken though they were , the facts of the case were plain , and he could no longer conceal them from himself .
unspoken though they were , the facts of the case were plain , and he could no longer [hide] them from himself .

‘ What 's this , Sep ? ’ said Tom Tedder , coming in from his last class , and acting rather as if a load was now off his mind , or as if he was trying to conceal one . ‘ Writing off the Crumwallises already ? ’
‘ what 's this , sep ? ’ said tom tedder , coming in from his last class , and acting rather as if a load was now off his mind , or as if he was trying to [hide] one . ‘ writing off the crumwallises already ? ’

‘ The simplest explanation would be that by pinching a whole day 's deaths you help conceal an interest in just one of them .
‘ the simplest explanation would be that by pinching a whole day 's deaths you help [hide] an interest in just one of them .

In fact , the Generalísimo 's unprecedented attentions to the visitor were no more , but also no less , than a lavish propaganda exercise designed as a show of political strength to conceal or shore up the underlying economic weakness and isolation of the regime .
in fact , the generalísimo 's unprecedented attentions to the visitor were no more , but also no less , than a lavish propaganda exercise designed as a show of political strength to [hide] or shore up the underlying economic weakness and isolation of the regime .

The enthusiasm of official propaganda derived partly from the triumphalism inherent in a regime which had come into being by dint of a military victory , and partly from the need to conceal , or divert attention away from domestic problems .
the enthusiasm of official propaganda derived partly from the triumphalism inherent in a regime which had come into being by dint of a military victory , and partly from the need to [hide] , or divert attention away from domestic problems .

And , at the end of this act we are shown how his ambition has led to another theme , that of appearance and reality , where Macbeth is told by his wife to conceal his thoughts and appear to his guests to be the perfect host whereas he is really supposed to wait for the time to kill the king .
and , at the end of this act we are shown how his ambition has led to another theme , that of appearance and reality , where macbeth is told by his wife to [hide] his thoughts and appear to his guests to be the perfect host whereas he is really supposed to wait for the time to kill the king .

It is important that this form is completed accurately ; if you fail to do so and , in particular , if you conceal any medical condition which could affect your work , your continued employment could be placed at risk .
it is important that this form is completed accurately ; if you fail to do so and , in particular , if you [hide] any medical condition which could affect your work , your continued employment could be placed at risk .

It was that , not so much her face , she had been trying to conceal .
it was that , not so much her face , she had been trying to [hide] .

‘ Why not , on the opening day , conceal in the tube of the bridge a little band of knights in armour on horseback and longbowmen and varlets with pikes and that sort of thing .
‘ why not , on the opening day , [hide] in the tube of the bridge a little band of knights in armour on horseback and longbowmen and varlets with pikes and that sort of thing .

The Democrat-controlled House of Representatives judiciary committee called on July 10 for the appointment of a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to investigate the possibility that senior members of the Bush administration had contravened the law in providing military assistance to Iraq in the period prior to its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 , and had then sought to conceal the evidence through a cover-up .
the democrat-controlled house of representatives judiciary committee called on july 10 for the appointment of a special prosecutor ( independent counsel ) to investigate the possibility that senior members of the bush administration had contravened the law in providing military assistance to iraq in the period prior to its invasion of kuwait in august 1990 , and had then sought to [hide] the evidence through a cover-up .

Nomura Securities , Nikko Securities , Daiwa Securities and Yamaichi Securities were accused by the national tax authorities of having attempted to conceal the fact that they had made compensation payments to certain large clients who had made losses after taking their investment advice .
nomura securities , nikko securities , daiwa securities and yamaichi securities were accused by the national tax authorities of having attempted to [hide] the fact that they had made compensation payments to certain large clients who had made losses after taking their investment advice .

The firms were also accused of subsequently attempting to conceal the payments which , although not illegal , violated the non-binding guidelines of the Ministry of Finance which had been in effect since December 1989 .
the firms were also accused of subsequently attempting to [hide] the payments which , although not illegal , violated the non-binding guidelines of the ministry of finance which had been in effect since december 1989 .

There was no immediate explanation as to why such obscure clients were favoured with compensation payments , although there was considerable speculation that some names on the list could be facades created to conceal the true identity of investors .
there was no immediate explanation as to why such obscure clients were favoured with compensation payments , although there was considerable speculation that some names on the list could be facades created to [hide] the true identity of investors .

Prime Minister Felipe González was criticized for attempting to conceal the level of Spanish involvement in the war .
prime minister felipe gonzález was criticized for attempting to [hide] the level of spanish involvement in the war .

For these reasons , it is useful to know what the words , phrases and constructions are which regularly conceal presuppositions , so that you know what you are letting yourself in for when you use them .
for these reasons , it is useful to know what the words , phrases and constructions are which regularly [hide] presuppositions , so that you know what you are letting yourself in for when you use them .

This presupposes that Victorian writers tried to persuade us that … * Some connectives such as " although " , " since " and " because " also conceal presuppositions : Because Dickens was a social reformer , he focused in his work on poverty .
this presupposes that victorian writers tried to persuade us that … * some connectives such as " although " , " since " and " because " also [hide] presuppositions : because dickens was a social reformer , he focused in his work on poverty .

However , the period design features cleverly conceal a wealth of high tech services .
however , the period design features cleverly [hide] a wealth of high tech services .

As we shall see this method reveals a serious problem , one that a component-by-component analysis tends to conceal .
as we shall see this method reveals a serious problem , one that a component-by-component analysis tends to [hide] .

She does not wish to conceal this news as she strongly believes that the mind can play a great part in overcoming such a complaint and she asks everyone to join her in positive thinking to help her to fight the illness .
she does not wish to [hide] this news as she strongly believes that the mind can play a great part in overcoming such a complaint and she asks everyone to join her in positive thinking to help her to fight the illness .

Even Cato could not conceal a grudging sympathy for him .
even cato could not [hide] a grudging sympathy for him .

Greek tragedy belied the prevalent notion of a Hellas grounded in serene optimism : its lesson was that a beautiful surface may conceal terrible depths .
greek tragedy belied the prevalent notion of a hellas grounded in serene optimism : its lesson was that a beautiful surface may [hide] terrible depths .

It represents the sublimation of suffering into beauty , the formation of a beautiful illusion to conceal the painful truth .
it represents the sublimation of suffering into beauty , the formation of a beautiful illusion to [hide] the painful truth .

Above all , it imposed norms of order and limitation to conceal the Dionysiac revelation of contradiction and excess as ultimate realities .
above all , it imposed norms of order and limitation to [hide] the dionysiac revelation of contradiction and excess as ultimate realities .

The trees in the squares hang their heads , and the awnings of the street are careful to conceal the wet red faces of the shopfronts .
the trees in the squares hang their heads , and the awnings of the street are careful to [hide] the wet red faces of the shopfronts .

With the decline in moral standards and large profits to be made from relatively small amounts of drugs , quite easy to conceal , the increase of this evil trade was inevitable .
with the decline in moral standards and large profits to be made from relatively small amounts of drugs , quite easy to [hide] , the increase of this evil trade was inevitable .

When an acceptable formula was found to conceal the suspect food , the test and challenge meals were made up , labelled , and frozen by a person not involved in the study .
when an acceptable formula was found to [hide] the suspect food , the test and challenge meals were made up , labelled , and frozen by a person not involved in the study .

the shortcomings and defects which it is important to conceal ! ;
the shortcomings and defects which it is important to [hide] ! ;

Clearly , managers with good information about the firm will want to transmit that information to the market , while managers with bad information might want to conceal it and might also be tempted to transmit false ‘ good ’ information to the market .
clearly , managers with good information about the firm will want to transmit that information to the market , while managers with bad information might want to [hide] it and might also be tempted to transmit false ‘ good ’ information to the market .

Certainly by the middle of Wednesday 's contest Mason appeared once again to have a stamina problem and unlike Biggs , who was also suffering , he did not have the experience to conceal his distress .
certainly by the middle of wednesday 's contest mason appeared once again to have a stamina problem and unlike biggs , who was also suffering , he did not have the experience to [hide] his distress .

But so long as Mary of Guise 's position was upheld by her daughter , no amount of rhetoric could conceal the fact that in attacking the regent they were attacking the queen , and religious sincerity did not get them off the hook of treason ; thus , for example , when they seized the coining-irons of the mint in Edinburgh in July , it was an intelligent enough political and military act , but their efforts to justify it on the grounds that they were serving their country by stopping the regent 's debasement of the coinage rang all too hollow .
but so long as mary of guise 's position was upheld by her daughter , no amount of rhetoric could [hide] the fact that in attacking the regent they were attacking the queen , and religious sincerity did not get them off the hook of treason ; thus , for example , when they seized the coining-irons of the mint in edinburgh in july , it was an intelligent enough political and military act , but their efforts to justify it on the grounds that they were serving their country by stopping the regent 's debasement of the coinage rang all too hollow .

She seemed to have the form of an ironing-board , yet that flatness of rump and breast was apparent only , achieved by the unrevealing clothes in which she chose to conceal herself .
she seemed to have the form of an ironing-board , yet that flatness of rump and breast was apparent only , achieved by the unrevealing clothes in which she chose to [hide] herself .

Nevertheless , all this could not completely conceal the tension .
nevertheless , all this could not completely [hide] the tension .

Gentlemen ushers in knee-length black tunics fuss about , directing last-minute guests to their seats , although most have been waiting for the best part of an hour , making stilted smalltalk to conceal their pride .
gentlemen ushers in knee-length black tunics fuss about , directing last-minute guests to their seats , although most have been waiting for the best part of an hour , making stilted smalltalk to [hide] their pride .

Schwimmer then suggested formation flying with two 707s , one hiding behind the other to conceal its American colours .
schwimmer then suggested formation flying with two 707s , one hiding behind the other to [hide] its american colours .

Perhaps the clearest demonstration of the need to conceal and the compulsion to reveal , the need to bring the always-denied and never-happening into the light of day , was seen in North 's attitude towards the diversion of funds .
perhaps the clearest demonstration of the need to [hide] and the compulsion to reveal , the need to bring the always-denied and never-happening into the light of day , was seen in north 's attitude towards the diversion of funds .

Isabel 's hand shot up to conceal the brooch at her throat .
isabel 's hand shot up to [hide] the brooch at her throat .

Isabel Lavender had always been less good than most people at losing face , since she had never learned how to compensate for it , she had never learned to wallow , to conceal partial humiliation in an expression of total defeat .
isabel lavender had always been less good than most people at losing face , since she had never learned how to compensate for it , she had never learned to wallow , to [hide] partial humiliation in an expression of total defeat .

It was the attempt to restore the appearance of Gaitskellite centrality that produced Mr Kinnock 's revolution and the packaging operation to which he allowed it to be subjected , and his failure , even so , to conceal the Labour Party 's true character which produced disaster last Thursday .
it was the attempt to restore the appearance of gaitskellite centrality that produced mr kinnock 's revolution and the packaging operation to which he allowed it to be subjected , and his failure , even so , to [hide] the labour party 's true character which produced disaster last thursday .

This misleading term tends to conceal the fact that dolphins are intentionally located , chased , harassed and encircled with a fishing net , from which attempts may not be made to release them .
this misleading term tends to [hide] the fact that dolphins are intentionally located , chased , harassed and encircled with a fishing net , from which attempts may not be made to release them .

Many Arabs , including many who are nominally members of the anti-Saddam coalition , can not conceal their glee at the attacks on Israel .
many arabs , including many who are nominally members of the anti-saddam coalition , can not [hide] their glee at the attacks on israel .

The Scuds themselves have been a nuisance , the allies having under-estimated both the number of Iraq 's launchers and the ability of the Iraqi crews to conceal them .
the scuds themselves have been a nuisance , the allies having under-estimated both the number of iraq 's launchers and the ability of the iraqi crews to [hide] them .

Nevertheless , there were certain facts which he could not conceal .
nevertheless , there were certain facts which he could not [hide] .

McLeish did not manage to conceal surprise and Francis Morgan looked at him wretchedly , the restless brown eyes wide-set , like the dead girl 's , and very bright .
mcleish did not manage to [hide] surprise and francis morgan looked at him wretchedly , the restless brown eyes wide-set , like the dead girl 's , and very bright .

Now that capital and entrepreneurship are free to cross borders , the old trade measures may conceal as much as they reveal .
now that capital and entrepreneurship are free to cross borders , the old trade measures may [hide] as much as they reveal .

The illegality comes only if those buyers conceal their relationship .
the illegality comes only if those buyers [hide] their relationship .

( Rebecca Saire 's Bianca is clever enough to conceal her own shrewishness until after she has secured a husband . )
( rebecca saire 's bianca is clever enough to [hide] her own shrewishness until after she has secured a husband . )

Despite one outburst from John Heard , there 's no attempt to explore another sinister possibility , that all men conceal their true identity in order to live up to the modern woman 's expectation of her ‘ dream man ’ .
despite one outburst from john heard , there 's no attempt to explore another sinister possibility , that all men [hide] their true identity in order to live up to the modern woman 's expectation of her ‘ dream man ’ .

It is rather the inner emptiness or ignorance which the spate of words attempts to conceal .
it is rather the inner emptiness or ignorance which the spate of words attempts to [hide] .

If he does , he will be at odds for the first time with the hordes of admiring supporters who could not conceal their disappointment when news of Ronnie Whelan 's late equaliser at Highbury was announced just before the kick-off .
if he does , he will be at odds for the first time with the hordes of admiring supporters who could not [hide] their disappointment when news of ronnie whelan 's late equaliser at highbury was announced just before the kick-off .

an ability to conceal one 's position , opinions and facts without lying
an ability to [hide] one 's position , opinions and facts without lying

Conceal as much information about your own position as you think is sensible
[hide] as much information about your own position as you think is sensible

For ‘ simple ’ read ‘ automatic ’ ; uncluttered exteriors conceal complex innards .
for ‘ simple ’ read ‘ automatic ’ ; uncluttered exteriors [hide] complex innards .

Where the fire-resistance of a cast-iron member must be increased , it is no longer necessary to apply protective materials which conceal the shape and ‘ character ’ of the components .
where the fire-resistance of a cast-iron member must be increased , it is no longer necessary to apply protective materials which [hide] the shape and ‘ character ’ of the components .

Much British cinema does lack emotional punch , and many screen Englishmen conceal their feelings so effectively beneath a stiff upper lip that it 's fair to ask whether they 're really human at all .
much british cinema does lack emotional punch , and many screen englishmen [hide] their feelings so effectively beneath a stiff upper lip that it 's fair to ask whether they 're really human at all .

But the majority of policemen and women we encountered were not like this and did not engage in little acts of subterfuge to limit what the field-worker saw or heard because either they had nothing to hide or , more rarely , they were not concerned to conceal it .
but the majority of policemen and women we encountered were not like this and did not engage in little acts of subterfuge to limit what the field-worker saw or heard because either they had nothing to hide or , more rarely , they were not concerned to [hide] it .

We have taken every step to conceal its true identity , deleted names , places , and personal details , especially information which might identify the policemen and women with whom we worked , and even , following the example of others , employed security measures to protect the field notes ( Holdaway 1983 : 13 ) .
we have taken every step to [hide] its true identity , deleted names , places , and personal details , especially information which might identify the policemen and women with whom we worked , and even , following the example of others , employed security measures to protect the field notes ( holdaway 1983 : 13 ) .

If trees are alongside a road they are likely to conceal telephone or power wires , making it dangerous to go between them .
if trees are alongside a road they are likely to [hide] telephone or power wires , making it dangerous to go between them .

In order to conceal weapons , secret pockets were sewn into the linings of coats .
in order to [hide] weapons , secret pockets were sewn into the linings of coats .

From the gauzy film of ginger hair which covers his scalp but fails to conceal it , to his gleaming Doc Martens , Harry is designed to make anyone who has even the smallest stake in the present scheme of things cross to the other side of the street .
from the gauzy film of ginger hair which covers his scalp but fails to [hide] it , to his gleaming doc martens , harry is designed to make anyone who has even the smallest stake in the present scheme of things cross to the other side of the street .

How ill-concealed by some in affected gaiety of mood ; how patent in others who do not attempt to conceal !
how ill-concealed by some in affected gaiety of mood ; how patent in others who do not attempt to [hide] !

He has not concealed — still , in retirement , does not conceal — his scepticism about a worship of universities marked by prejudices about the superiority of the academic over the practical , of the pure over the applied , of the traditional over the innovatory .
he has not concealed — still , in retirement , does not [hide] — his scepticism about a worship of universities marked by prejudices about the superiority of the academic over the practical , of the pure over the applied , of the traditional over the innovatory .

She managed to conceal the physical revulsion she always felt from close contact with this man .
she managed to [hide] the physical revulsion she always felt from close contact with this man .

’ Evans made no attempt to conceal his satisfaction .
’ evans made no attempt to [hide] his satisfaction .

Black cotton dresses , ankle-height zippered carpet slippers , stockings like brown bandages , not quite thick enough to conceal the knots of varicose veins .
black cotton dresses , ankle-height zippered carpet slippers , stockings like brown bandages , not quite thick enough to [hide] the knots of varicose veins .

Following Liberty Vallance he suffered a heart attack which forced him out of movies and into a career as a composer and painter , in the way that many Hollywood tough guys conceal a private sensitivity .
following liberty vallance he suffered a heart attack which forced him out of movies and into a career as a composer and painter , in the way that many hollywood tough guys [hide] a private sensitivity .

She was able to conceal her restlessness , the pacing about , her dream of a different beginning to a new life , her impatience with the old shapes that she had used for too long ; she was not young and was old enough to foresee failure .
she was able to [hide] her restlessness , the pacing about , her dream of a different beginning to a new life , her impatience with the old shapes that she had used for too long ; she was not young and was old enough to foresee failure .

Frank did not conceal his regret .
frank did not [hide] his regret .

It may serve today as a living protest against the cheapening , the misunderstanding , the betrayal of education which programmes of expansion and popular education policies can so easily conceal .
it may serve today as a living protest against the cheapening , the misunderstanding , the betrayal of education which programmes of expansion and popular education policies can so easily [hide] .

And a third , whose immaculate dinner jacket could n't conceal hands scarred and stained from rebuilding a Mini Cooper , wanted to become the world 's first professional classic rally driver .
and a third , whose immaculate dinner jacket could n't [hide] hands scarred and stained from rebuilding a mini cooper , wanted to become the world 's first professional classic rally driver .

But Biggs also ran out of steam as the contest progressed towards the later rounds although he managed to conceal this inadequacy from the British champion .
but biggs also ran out of steam as the contest progressed towards the later rounds although he managed to [hide] this inadequacy from the british champion .

Murdo Grant , Rector of Kingussie High School , identifies the opportunities and failures open to teachers : as they are expected to play a leading part in community life , so professional and personal shortcomings are less easy to conceal .
murdo grant , rector of kingussie high school , identifies the opportunities and failures open to teachers : as they are expected to play a leading part in community life , so professional and personal shortcomings are less easy to [hide] .

This laughter may not be a safety valve reducing tension , but a device to conceal an urge to violence .
this laughter may not be a safety valve reducing tension , but a device to [hide] an urge to violence .

She crept down , keeping her suitcase under her right arm to conceal it as best she could with her body .
she crept down , keeping her suitcase under her right arm to [hide] it as best she could with her body .

In her flat with Anne , and in the taxi , she had been able to conceal her pain from the older woman .
in her flat with anne , and in the taxi , she had been able to [hide] her pain from the older woman .

Goldwyn did not conceal his origins , but would sometimes embroider on them .
goldwyn did not [hide] his origins , but would sometimes embroider on them .

Miss January and Miss July were posed as carefully to conceal as to reveal .
miss january and miss july were posed as carefully to [hide] as to reveal .

When positioned early in the season the plants will develop and foliage eventually conceal the stake .
when positioned early in the season the plants will develop and foliage eventually [hide] the stake .

Jeez , they could n't conceal how pleased they were .
jeez , they could n't [hide] how pleased they were .

Does it conceal a kind of romantic fascism , where everyone has a proper state and none should aspire to alter or change this state ?
does it [hide] a kind of romantic fascism , where everyone has a proper state and none should aspire to alter or change this state ?

This is not as objectionable though as the host of descriptions which virtually conceal the identity of the product and refer to it by any of a number of lurid , dramatic or pseudo scientific titles which bear little if any relationship to function .
this is not as objectionable though as the host of descriptions which virtually [hide] the identity of the product and refer to it by any of a number of lurid , dramatic or pseudo scientific titles which bear little if any relationship to function .

The chaotic narration is therefore in harmony with such a fractured representation : conventional syntax and punctuation would only conceal the discontinuity of experience .
the chaotic narration is therefore in harmony with such a fractured representation : conventional syntax and punctuation would only [hide] the discontinuity of experience .

Mr Patten , regarded as one of Mr Major 's ablest lieutenants , was unable to conceal his disappointment as the result was announced , indicating that the twin task of spearheading the Tory campaign and protecting his own marginal constituency had proved too much .
mr patten , regarded as one of mr major 's ablest lieutenants , was unable to [hide] his disappointment as the result was announced , indicating that the twin task of spearheading the tory campaign and protecting his own marginal constituency had proved too much .

On one occasion , when the first two volumes were banned by Royal Decree , and the order went out to seize the unpublished texts and plates , Malesherbes suggested that the best place to conceal them would be his own house .
on one occasion , when the first two volumes were banned by royal decree , and the order went out to seize the unpublished texts and plates , malesherbes suggested that the best place to [hide] them would be his own house .

Aphrodite 's lie about a non-existent human father , ‘ King Otreus , of Phrygia ’ , is designed to conceal her divinity from her human mate , who is applauded for seeing through the fiction because of something uncanny in his bed-mate 's bearing — sometimes specified as her gait , her way of walking .
aphrodite 's lie about a non-existent human father , ‘ king otreus , of phrygia ’ , is designed to [hide] her divinity from her human mate , who is applauded for seeing through the fiction because of something uncanny in his bed-mate 's bearing — sometimes specified as her gait , her way of walking .

The Marxist critic reading a text for the ideological traces that it attempts to conceal — ‘ Hegelian grammar ’ is inescapable in such contexts — by its evasive gaps and silences , has an obvious resemblance to the Freudian analyst examining the manifest content of a patient 's dream for the repressed realities that are concealed within it .
the marxist critic reading a text for the ideological traces that it attempts to [hide] — ‘ hegelian grammar ’ is inescapable in such contexts — by its evasive gaps and silences , has an obvious resemblance to the freudian analyst examining the manifest content of a patient 's dream for the repressed realities that are concealed within it .

The party leadership — Neil Kinnock included — could barely conceal their delight when the vote was declared .
the party leadership — neil kinnock included — could barely [hide] their delight when the vote was declared .

As time passed , however , an excess of gambling , drinking and womanising got the brothers into more debt than George 's dexterous manipulations could possibly conceal .
as time passed , however , an excess of gambling , drinking and womanising got the brothers into more debt than george 's dexterous manipulations could possibly [hide] .

He pointed out that the prisoner did not deny that he had killed his wife , but it was a spur-of-the-moment loss of temper , and that his client had panicked and tried to conceal the body .
he pointed out that the prisoner did not deny that he had killed his wife , but it was a spur-of-the-moment loss of temper , and that his client had panicked and tried to [hide] the body .

Leapor 's belief that a man 's attractive appearance or manner may conceal something treacherous is reiterated throughout her writing .
leapor 's belief that a man 's attractive appearance or manner may [hide] something treacherous is reiterated throughout her writing .

Also such equipment as wigs , visors , jewels , masks , patches , lace , and gauze tended to conceal defects in appearance and tantalize at the same time .
also such equipment as wigs , visors , jewels , masks , patches , lace , and gauze tended to [hide] defects in appearance and tantalize at the same time .

Whereas women are expected to conceal or control whatever defects their bodies may have , Leapor puts hers on display , and even amplifies them .
whereas women are expected to [hide] or control whatever defects their bodies may have , leapor puts hers on display , and even amplifies them .

Maximilian Novak speaks of the eighteenth century as the ‘ Age of Disguise ’ , and Terry Castle treats the masquerade as a central metaphor of eighteenth century culture Leapor adamantly refuses to conceal herself .
maximilian novak speaks of the eighteenth century as the ‘ age of disguise ’ , and terry castle treats the masquerade as a central metaphor of eighteenth century culture leapor adamantly refuses to [hide] herself .

But from the Ignorant in Clouds conceal 'd .
but from the ignorant in clouds [hide] 'd .

The Emperor himself shared this view , but took pains to conceal it , because his ultimate designs for the rehabilitation of France in Europe envisaged a tripartite understanding with Britain and Russia .
the emperor himself shared this view , but took pains to [hide] it , because his ultimate designs for the rehabilitation of france in europe envisaged a tripartite understanding with britain and russia .

These tears were manufactured , as Miss Marsden has so brilliantly demonstrated , to help to conceal the circumstances of her death .
these tears were manufactured , as miss marsden has so brilliantly demonstrated , to help to [hide] the circumstances of her death .

’ She was very doubtful whether this arrangement would continue , but it suited her purpose to conceal the row that had just occurred .
’ she was very doubtful whether this arrangement would continue , but it suited her purpose to [hide] the row that had just occurred .

Indeed , the national is often a concept used deliberately to conceal conflict over the issues , to force one kind of unity around an existing status quo ( and if the arguments do not achieve unity , troops can be used to enforce it on the recalcitrants ) .
indeed , the national is often a concept used deliberately to [hide] conflict over the issues , to force one kind of unity around an existing status quo ( and if the arguments do not achieve unity , troops can be used to enforce it on the recalcitrants ) .

The ‘ legs ’ are the uprights at the side of the stage which similarly conceal the wings . )
the ‘ legs ’ are the uprights at the side of the stage which similarly [hide] the wings . )

The trouble was — how to conceal the taste ?
the trouble was — how to [hide] the taste ?

Unfortunately , all the bleating in the world about being green ca n't conceal the fact that a previously wild , virgin hillside now resembles Gateshead .
unfortunately , all the bleating in the world about being green ca n't [hide] the fact that a previously wild , virgin hillside now resembles gateshead .

The Mayor of Casterbridge ( 1886 ) and the The Woodlanders ( 1887 ) marked first his literary return to Wessex and then his growing conviction that fiction should not conceal what he saw as the essential tragedy of the human condition .
the mayor of casterbridge ( 1886 ) and the the woodlanders ( 1887 ) marked first his literary return to wessex and then his growing conviction that fiction should not [hide] what he saw as the essential tragedy of the human condition .

It is commonplace in Sweden , for example , that the annual declarations of personal income and of wealth made by all citizens become publicly available documents once they are received by the tax authorities ; a man can conceal his income neither from his wife nor from his neighbour .
it is commonplace in sweden , for example , that the annual declarations of personal income and of wealth made by all citizens become publicly available documents once they are received by the tax authorities ; a man can [hide] his income neither from his wife nor from his neighbour .

John Paul Jones , though the Jones ' was added later to conceal his real identity , was the son of an estate gardener from near Dumfries in Galloway .
john paul jones , though the jones ' was added later to [hide] his real identity , was the son of an estate gardener from near dumfries in galloway .

However , the practice of training , as within the remit of this survey , shows a very wide range within every parameter examined , so that national averages conceal considerable differences found between authorities .
however , the practice of training , as within the remit of this survey , shows a very wide range within every parameter examined , so that national averages [hide] considerable differences found between authorities .

The first turf is lifted out intact , to be replaced later to conceal the dig .
the first turf is lifted out intact , to be replaced later to [hide] the dig .

Why should you conceal it ?
why should you [hide] it ?

Whole curricular thinking was inhibited by the need to preserve the first ; the breaking down of professional isolation by the need to conceal the latter .
whole curricular thinking was inhibited by the need to preserve the first ; the breaking down of professional isolation by the need to [hide] the latter .

She took the first one and began to skim through it , reading the cold , scientific sentences — sentences that occasionally broke out of the narrow straight-jacket of accepted reporting , unable to conceal the excitement of the men who had written them .
she took the first one and began to skim through it , reading the cold , scientific sentences — sentences that occasionally broke out of the narrow straight-jacket of accepted reporting , unable to [hide] the excitement of the men who had written them .

The lad who led her in , the irate punter who looked up at her with contempt and muttered , ‘ You 're useless ’ , Bill , who made little effort to conceal his anger as she unsaddled Boardwalk .
the lad who led her in , the irate punter who looked up at her with contempt and muttered , ‘ you 're useless ’ , bill , who made little effort to [hide] his anger as she unsaddled boardwalk .

‘ Ibn Fayoud ? ’ Kelly was unable to conceal her surprise . ‘ What does — ’
‘ ibn fayoud ? ’ kelly was unable to [hide] her surprise . ‘ what does — ’

By resorting to a money-lender it became more difficult to conceal their embarrassment — than if they had merely run up bills with retailers .
by resorting to a money-lender it became more difficult to [hide] their embarrassment — than if they had merely run up bills with retailers .

There is clearly enough to conceal a few mysteries as well .
there is clearly enough to [hide] a few mysteries as well .

At the same time , waste tips must be placed on land that does not conceal deposits that might be worked in future .
at the same time , waste tips must be placed on land that does not [hide] deposits that might be worked in future .

Its next problem is how to conceal its characteristic outline .
its next problem is how to [hide] its characteristic outline .

The spots of the leopard ( opposite ) lurking in the long grass help to destroy the solidity of its form , and the dappled patches on the coat of the clouded leopard ( above , left ) conceal it well in the broken light of the forest .
the spots of the leopard ( opposite ) lurking in the long grass help to destroy the solidity of its form , and the dappled patches on the coat of the clouded leopard ( above , left ) [hide] it well in the broken light of the forest .

By this simple device , it is able to conceal its highly characteristic body shape and is able to approach more easily its intended prey .
by this simple device , it is able to [hide] its highly characteristic body shape and is able to approach more easily its intended prey .

Their heads are inconspicuous and camouflaged with black and white stripes that conceal the eyes .
their heads are inconspicuous and camouflaged with black and white stripes that [hide] the eyes .

These dots do not , however , conceal the huge eye-spot at the rear end of the body .
these dots do not , however , [hide] the huge eye-spot at the rear end of the body .

This , in its turn , may conceal considerable variation in practice .
this , in its turn , may [hide] considerable variation in practice .

The truth was that they were lost , there was no smoke in sight whichever way she looked , nothing but the undulating feathery greenness of the forest and the sun rising above the trees in the east , but she wanted to conceal her uncertainty from Allen and even from herself .
the truth was that they were lost , there was no smoke in sight whichever way she looked , nothing but the undulating feathery greenness of the forest and the sun rising above the trees in the east , but she wanted to [hide] her uncertainty from allen and even from herself .

They made slow progress and as there was no reason for haste they soon made camp again and this time were particularly careful to conceal themselves and their horses among the trees well away from the ride ; they also arranged for watches through the night which they had not done before .
they made slow progress and as there was no reason for haste they soon made camp again and this time were particularly careful to [hide] themselves and their horses among the trees well away from the ride ; they also arranged for watches through the night which they had not done before .

He tried to conceal his astonishment but Sir Thomas was almost laughing at him .
he tried to [hide] his astonishment but sir thomas was almost laughing at him .

He shuffled his feet and pursed his lips , trying to conceal his embarrassment and surprise at this dangerous , clever English clerk .
he shuffled his feet and pursed his lips , trying to [hide] his embarrassment and surprise at this dangerous , clever english clerk .

‘ ’ The Sorrows of Felicity ; or The Mockery of wealth , ’ ' murmured Gay , to conceal her genuine distress .
‘ ’ the sorrows of felicity ; or the mockery of wealth , ’ ' murmured gay , to [hide] her genuine distress .

Heaven knew how she would conceal it at school tomorrow , especially as she had games .
heaven knew how she would [hide] it at school tomorrow , especially as she had games .

All the great hunters and stalkers — whether of white or brown skin — have had the ability to consciously or unconsciously ‘ close down ’ or quieten their mind and body , as well as to conceal their activity while stalking or awaiting their prey .
all the great hunters and stalkers — whether of white or brown skin — have had the ability to consciously or unconsciously ‘ close down ’ or quieten their mind and body , as well as to [hide] their activity while stalking or awaiting their prey .

Sometimes they must conceal their own fears to avoid alarming the child .
sometimes they must [hide] their own fears to avoid alarming the child .

’ Yanto found it hard to conceal his pleasure .
’ yanto found it hard to [hide] his pleasure .

Naturally enough , those who commit crimes will tend to conceal their actions and protect themselves .
naturally enough , those who commit crimes will tend to [hide] their actions and protect themselves .

Attempts that have been made to check the ‘ honesty ’ of respondents have indicated that about a quarter of respondents are liable to conceal information .
attempts that have been made to check the ‘ honesty ’ of respondents have indicated that about a quarter of respondents are liable to [hide] information .

Harrison had never tried to conceal his dislike for the Major and Carew .
harrison had never tried to [hide] his dislike for the major and carew .

Some ‘ disguised ’ forms of verbal aggression , such as gossip or ‘ calling a spade a spade ’ , are tolerated to a greater degree than physical attack or direct verbal abuse , but even gossip and frankness that conceal hostility are likely to produce complications in human relationships .
some ‘ disguised ’ forms of verbal aggression , such as gossip or ‘ calling a spade a spade ’ , are tolerated to a greater degree than physical attack or direct verbal abuse , but even gossip and frankness that [hide] hostility are likely to produce complications in human relationships .

Life expectancy is still an average measure , however , and might conceal problems for some groups within wealthy countries .
life expectancy is still an average measure , however , and might [hide] problems for some groups within wealthy countries .

In the process of reflecting on the history of the game , Hampden Babylon can barely conceal a loathing for our near and dear neighbours England .
in the process of reflecting on the history of the game , hampden babylon can barely [hide] a loathing for our near and dear neighbours england .

Some conceal it and hide behind the fence of balance and objectivity but Hampden Babylon wears its attitude as a badge .
some [hide] it and hide behind the fence of balance and objectivity but hampden babylon wears its attitude as a badge .

Averages can , of course , conceal enormous variations in what is happening .
averages can , of course , [hide] enormous variations in what is happening .

A house on Nantucket in shingles and white trim looks vernacular until one notices the careful proportions and refined , elegant details such as tall French doors in the living room that slide into wall pockets that also conceal shutters and screen doors .
a house on nantucket in shingles and white trim looks vernacular until one notices the careful proportions and refined , elegant details such as tall french doors in the living room that slide into wall pockets that also [hide] shutters and screen doors .

The elegant 17th- and 18th-century façades of the Palais des Ducs conceal the underlying Renaissance structures of the dukes ’ heyday , but many of their treasures remain to be seen inside , in the Musée des Beaux-Arts .
the elegant 17th- and 18th-century façades of the palais des ducs [hide] the underlying renaissance structures of the dukes ’ heyday , but many of their treasures remain to be seen inside , in the musée des beaux-arts .

Many of the 237 carved panels , each different , were believed to conceal poisons , as well as jewels and state papers .
many of the 237 carved panels , each different , were believed to [hide] poisons , as well as jewels and state papers .

The region ’ s green hills conceal caves as grand as Shanjuan Cave , which can be viewed from one of the small tourist boats navigating its underground streams .
the region ’ s green hills [hide] caves as grand as shanjuan cave , which can be viewed from one of the small tourist boats navigating its underground streams .

When reporting on the results of their work , auditors are responsible for disclosing all material or significant facts known to them which , if not disclosed , could mislead knowledgeable users , misrepresent the results , or conceal improper or unlawful practices .
when reporting on the results of their work , auditors are responsible for disclosing all material or significant facts known to them which , if not disclosed , could mislead knowledgeable users , misrepresent the results , or [hide] improper or unlawful practices .

Auditors need to weigh the need to reveal all significant facts known to them which , if not revealed , could either distort the results or conceal improper or unlawful practice against any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .
auditors need to weigh the need to reveal all significant facts known to them which , if not revealed , could either distort the results or [hide] improper or unlawful practice against any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .

Extraneous detail detracts from a report , may even conceal the real message , and may confuse or distract the users .
extraneous detail detracts from a report , may even [hide] the real message , and may confuse or distract the users .

In addition , during the month following Hazmi 's departure from San Diego , he emailed his housemate three times , including a January 2001 email that Hazmi signed `` Smer , '' an apparent attempt to conceal his identity that struck the housemate as strange at the time .
in addition , during the month following hazmi 's departure from san diego , he emailed his housemate three times , including a january 2001 email that hazmi signed `` smer , '' an apparent attempt to [hide] his identity that struck the housemate as strange at the time .

After 9/11 , Iran and Hezbollah wished to conceal any past evidence of cooperation with Sunni terrorists associated with al Qaeda .
after 9/11 , iran and hezbollah wished to [hide] any past evidence of cooperation with sunni terrorists associated with al qaeda .

It stated that the FAA had no credible evidence of specific plans to attack U.S. civil aviation , though it noted that some of the `` currently active '' terrorist groups were known to `` plan and train for hijackings '' and were able to build and conceal sophisticated explosive devices in luggage and consumer products .
it stated that the faa had no credible evidence of specific plans to attack u.s. civil aviation , though it noted that some of the `` currently active '' terrorist groups were known to `` plan and train for hijackings '' and were able to build and [hide] sophisticated explosive devices in luggage and consumer products .

According to KSM , they were to use Yemeni documents to fly to Malaysia , then proceed to the United States using their Saudi passports to conceal their prior travels to and from Pakistan .
according to ksm , they were to use yemeni documents to fly to malaysia , then proceed to the united states using their saudi passports to [hide] their prior travels to and from pakistan .

Motassadeq would help conceal the Hamburg group 's trip to Afghanistan in late 1999 .
motassadeq would help [hide] the hamburg group 's trip to afghanistan in late 1999 .

During the course of 1999 , Atta and his group became ever more extreme and secretive , speaking only in Arabic to conceal the content of their conversations .
during the course of 1999 , atta and his group became ever more extreme and secretive , speaking only in arabic to [hide] the content of their conversations .

Jarrah 's apparent efforts to appear less radical did not completely conceal his transformation from his Lebanese family , which grew increasingly concerned about his fanaticism .
jarrah 's apparent efforts to appear less radical did not completely [hide] his transformation from his lebanese family , which grew increasingly concerned about his fanaticism .

After 9/11 , Motassadeq admitted to German authorities that Shehhi had asked him to handle matters in a way that would conceal Shehhi 's absence .
after 9/11 , motassadeq admitted to german authorities that shehhi had asked him to handle matters in a way that would [hide] shehhi 's absence .

Although Bayoumi might deny visiting the mosque on February 1 to conceal some contact he may have made there that day , we have seen no evidence of such contact .
although bayoumi might deny visiting the mosque on february 1 to [hide] some contact he may have made there that day , we have seen no evidence of such contact .

Like Atta , Shehhi , and Jarrah , Essabar obtained a new passport even though his old one was nearly a year from expiration , evidently to conceal his prior travel to Afghanistan during the first half of 2000 .
like atta , shehhi , and jarrah , essabar obtained a new passport even though his old one was nearly a year from expiration , evidently to [hide] his prior travel to afghanistan during the first half of 2000 .

Travel history , however , is still recorded in passports with entry-exit stamps called cachets , which al Qaeda has trained its operatives to forge and use to conceal their terrorist activities .
travel history , however , is still recorded in passports with entry-exit stamps called cachets , which al qaeda has trained its operatives to forge and use to [hide] their terrorist activities .

The scientist had read my articles on whistleblowers who had raised concerns about the undue influence of the pharmaceutical industry on American medicine My industry source had information for me about drug company practices , but—out of fear of career ruin—would only talk on the condition that I would conceal the scientist 's identity .
the scientist had read my articles on whistleblowers who had raised concerns about the undue influence of the pharmaceutical industry on american medicine my industry source had information for me about drug company practices , but—out of fear of career ruin—would only talk on the condition that i would [hide] the scientist 's identity .

Kruszewski reflected upon the problems he said he had encountered in Pennsylvania , saying that “ there is no accountability in the system for oversight [ agencies ] . ” He has become “ a stronger advocate than ever for a federal patient bill of rights. ” Marketing departments can influence doctors ’ prescribing habits The research scientist said that the job was attractive because of the “ many excellent drugs ” developed , such as drugs to treat HIV , but the scientist “ also saw drugs marketed in a way that will exaggerate the benefits and conceal the risks. ” Kathleen Slattery-Moschkau gave an insider 's view of drug marketing practices , from her former experiences as a drug rep. She clutched her head in disbelief as she told the roundtable that doctors would come up to her with patients ' charts asking her for advice on treating patients .
kruszewski reflected upon the problems he said he had encountered in pennsylvania , saying that “ there is no accountability in the system for oversight [ agencies ] . ” he has become “ a stronger advocate than ever for a federal patient bill of rights. ” marketing departments can influence doctors ’ prescribing habits the research scientist said that the job was attractive because of the “ many excellent drugs ” developed , such as drugs to treat hiv , but the scientist “ also saw drugs marketed in a way that will exaggerate the benefits and [hide] the risks. ” kathleen slattery-moschkau gave an insider 's view of drug marketing practices , from her former experiences as a drug rep. she clutched her head in disbelief as she told the roundtable that doctors would come up to her with patients ' charts asking her for advice on treating patients .

Although interviewers were careful to explain that there would be no material gain or penalty to the respondent or his or her facility from participation in the study , the responses may have been inaccurate if respondents judged it in their material or political interest to exaggerate or conceal certain behaviors .
although interviewers were careful to explain that there would be no material gain or penalty to the respondent or his or her facility from participation in the study , the responses may have been inaccurate if respondents judged it in their material or political interest to exaggerate or [hide] certain behaviors .

He carefully explains how Clinton spurred witness Monica Lewinsky to lie , coached potential witness Betty Currie to lie , found Lewinsky a job in exchange for a false affidavit , got Currie and Lewinsky to conceal gifts , and deceived Sidney Blumenthal and John Podesta so that they would lie to the grand jury .
he carefully explains how clinton spurred witness monica lewinsky to lie , coached potential witness betty currie to lie , found lewinsky a job in exchange for a false affidavit , got currie and lewinsky to [hide] gifts , and deceived sidney blumenthal and john podesta so that they would lie to the grand jury .

Having been supplied with so much notice , Saddam will then be able to make good use of that month to conceal or destroy whatever the U.S. and Britain failed to eliminate . ''
having been supplied with so much notice , saddam will then be able to make good use of that month to [hide] or destroy whatever the u.s. and britain failed to eliminate . ''

In recent days they 've proposed a `` findings of fact '' resolution under which the Senate would affirm by majority vote that Clinton gave `` misleading testimony '' and schemed `` to alter , delay , impede , cover up and conceal the existence of evidence '' in the Paula Jones case and the Monica Lewinsky investigation .
in recent days they 've proposed a `` findings of fact '' resolution under which the senate would affirm by majority vote that clinton gave `` misleading testimony '' and schemed `` to alter , delay , impede , cover up and [hide] the existence of evidence '' in the paula jones case and the monica lewinsky investigation .

I 'm asking myself why I so easily read past all such lefty rhetoric in this bio ; I pretty much took it as a given -- like the local weather , as you so nicely put it -- and at least felt that Cook took no pains to conceal her point of view .
i 'm asking myself why i so easily read past all such lefty rhetoric in this bio ; i pretty much took it as a given -- like the local weather , as you so nicely put it -- and at least felt that cook took no pains to [hide] her point of view .

A Florida jury found them liable for damages for conspiring to conceal how addictive and harmful cigarettes are .
a florida jury found them liable for damages for conspiring to [hide] how addictive and harmful cigarettes are .

Meanwhile , Cassidy tries to conceal her nudity in a school play .
meanwhile , cassidy tries to [hide] her nudity in a school play .

GM 's lawyers , who had fought to conceal the memos , called the argument `` absurd . ''
gm 's lawyers , who had fought to [hide] the memos , called the argument `` absurd . ''

The most bizarre celebrity snit might be that of Jesse star Christina Applegate , who the Enquirer says is feuding with her show 's producers because she refuses to conceal the `` unsightly '' bags under her eyes , claiming they give her working-class character authenticity .
the most bizarre celebrity snit might be that of jesse star christina applegate , who the enquirer says is feuding with her show 's producers because she refuses to [hide] the `` unsightly '' bags under her eyes , claiming they give her working-class character authenticity .

In 1999 , `` tax scheme '' is just a euphemism -- actually , a malphemism -- to conceal that your opponent is proposing a tax cut and to trick uninformed listeners into thinking that he might raise their taxes instead .
in 1999 , `` tax scheme '' is just a euphemism -- actually , a malphemism -- to [hide] that your opponent is proposing a tax cut and to trick uninformed listeners into thinking that he might raise their taxes instead .

For years , Republicans have called budget outlays `` spending , '' `` welfare , '' and `` waste '' to conceal that half the money goes back to the middle class through entitlements .
for years , republicans have called budget outlays `` spending , '' `` welfare , '' and `` waste '' to [hide] that half the money goes back to the middle class through entitlements .

In his recent budget , the president tried to conceal the fact that there was a surplus , and the Republicans , with their talk about a `` lockbox '' for Social Security , have confused everyone , probably including themselves .
in his recent budget , the president tried to [hide] the fact that there was a surplus , and the republicans , with their talk about a `` lockbox '' for social security , have confused everyone , probably including themselves .

A model who is perfectly ruthless will conceal this fact when selling her eggs .
a model who is perfectly ruthless will [hide] this fact when selling her eggs .

Zeus spread a cloud over the Earth to conceal the dalliance , which had the unintended consequence of alerting Hera .
zeus spread a cloud over the earth to [hide] the dalliance , which had the unintended consequence of alerting hera .

Degas ' enthusiasm for photography ca n't conceal the morbid undertow of his request .
degas ' enthusiasm for photography ca n't [hide] the morbid undertow of his request .

White collar criminals and corrupt political leaders also frequently launder funds to avoid taxes or conceal embezzlement .
white collar criminals and corrupt political leaders also frequently launder funds to avoid taxes or [hide] embezzlement .

Previously , the Gore campaign had funneled money through other consulting firms to conceal Wolf 's involvement .
previously , the gore campaign had funneled money through other consulting firms to [hide] wolf 's involvement .

Unable to agree on why Wolf should be embarrassing , pundits have fallen back on the implication that she must be embarrassing , since Gore has been employing her `` secretly , '' `` funneling her payments through other consulting firms , '' and conspiring to `` conceal her from the press . ''
unable to agree on why wolf should be embarrassing , pundits have fallen back on the implication that she must be embarrassing , since gore has been employing her `` secretly , '' `` funneling her payments through other consulting firms , '' and conspiring to `` [hide] her from the press . ''

The Washington Post 's front-page story notes , `` Gore has gone to great lengths to conceal Wolf 's role . ''
the washington post 's front-page story notes , `` gore has gone to great lengths to [hide] wolf 's role . ''

Gore has gone to great lengths to conceal Wolf 's role , funneling her payments through other consulting firms so that her name would not appear on financial reports filed with the Federal Election Commission .
gore has gone to great lengths to [hide] wolf 's role , funneling her payments through other consulting firms so that her name would not appear on financial reports filed with the federal election commission .

The WP adds that Lewis was privy to Lewinsky 's taped account of her relationship with Clinton , and that her reaction to her daughter 's attempt to conceal it from outsiders was , `` What 's the big deal ?
the wp adds that lewis was privy to lewinsky 's taped account of her relationship with clinton , and that her reaction to her daughter 's attempt to [hide] it from outsiders was , `` what 's the big deal ?

In 1994 , Republican leaders like Gingrich and Dick Armey chose to conceal the extent of their tax-cutting fervor from the voters , who they judged would not trust an economic program based on supply-side assumptions .
in 1994 , republican leaders like gingrich and dick armey chose to [hide] the extent of their tax-cutting fervor from the voters , who they judged would not trust an economic program based on supply-side assumptions .

In this sober , incisive , and riveting book , a well-documented history rather than a novelistic evocation of the man himself , Roudinesco can not conceal her dismay that Lacan was not better behaved , more temperate in his appetites , less baroque in his provocations .
in this sober , incisive , and riveting book , a well-documented history rather than a novelistic evocation of the man himself , roudinesco can not [hide] her dismay that lacan was not better behaved , more temperate in his appetites , less baroque in his provocations .

Here 's a theory : Kaufman acted out , in arguably `` interesting '' ways , the hostility toward the audience that most people in show business feel but try ( with varying degrees of success ) to conceal .
here 's a theory : kaufman acted out , in arguably `` interesting '' ways , the hostility toward the audience that most people in show business feel but try ( with varying degrees of success ) to [hide] .

Judges , whose jobs depend on judicial procedures being impenetrable , convoluted , and self-contradictory , systematically conceal what they are thinking of when they use the phrase `` reasonable doubt . ''
judges , whose jobs depend on judicial procedures being impenetrable , convoluted , and self-contradictory , systematically [hide] what they are thinking of when they use the phrase `` reasonable doubt . ''

The salads were especially deplorable ; for they tended to be complicated and decorative , and might even conceal bits of marshmallow in their dreadful depth ... What [ Nesbitt ] perpetrated was only part of the story , moreover .
the salads were especially deplorable ; for they tended to be complicated and decorative , and might even [hide] bits of marshmallow in their dreadful depth ... what [ nesbitt ] perpetrated was only part of the story , moreover .

The regime is now censoring the death announcements in order to conceal the number and the identities of the victims of NATO 's bombs , she wrote ; but Sunday one notice slipped past the censors : a young woman employee of the bombed Belgrade TV station whose body had only just been found .
the regime is now censoring the death announcements in order to [hide] the number and the identities of the victims of nato 's bombs , she wrote ; but sunday one notice slipped past the censors : a young woman employee of the bombed belgrade tv station whose body had only just been found .

While claiming that the cleansers generally `` respected human rights , '' Petrovic did n't attempt to conceal his racial prejudice .
while claiming that the cleansers generally `` respected human rights , '' petrovic did n't attempt to [hide] his racial prejudice .

Although the B-2 stealth bomber , manufactured by Northrop Grumman Corp. , and the F-117 stealth fighter , built by Lockheed Martin , are based on different underlying technologies , their names conceal a little-appreciated similarity : They 're both bombers .
although the b-2 stealth bomber , manufactured by northrop grumman corp. , and the f-117 stealth fighter , built by lockheed martin , are based on different underlying technologies , their names [hide] a little-appreciated similarity : they 're both bombers .

The program thought it could do this by a ) making us watch Pepsi-sponsored movies featuring anti-drug propaganda and shrewd product placement ; b ) reinforcing the most obnoxious cliques on campus by choosing all the `` All Star '' officers from a popular group of athletes and cheerleaders ( on average , B and C students who drank , smoked , and skipped class ) ; c ) doing everything possible to conceal the fact that high school 's purpose is education ; and d ) giving us the opportunity to buy as much `` All Star '' merchandise as our parents could afford .
the program thought it could do this by a ) making us watch pepsi-sponsored movies featuring anti-drug propaganda and shrewd product placement ; b ) reinforcing the most obnoxious cliques on campus by choosing all the `` all star '' officers from a popular group of athletes and cheerleaders ( on average , b and c students who drank , smoked , and skipped class ) ; c ) doing everything possible to [hide] the fact that high school 's purpose is education ; and d ) giving us the opportunity to buy as much `` all star '' merchandise as our parents could afford .

The argument is actually between conservatives who want to remodel affirmative action and liberals who want to conceal it .
the argument is actually between conservatives who want to remodel affirmative action and liberals who want to [hide] it .

If you 're not going to conceal your leaking better than that , why not take credit for the information directly ?
if you 're not going to [hide] your leaking better than that , why not take credit for the information directly ?

When he jokingly responded with `` girls , '' the investigators did not conceal their shocked disapproval .
when he jokingly responded with `` girls , '' the investigators did not [hide] their shocked disapproval .

The NYT and WP say that a fresh report to the Security Council from the UN 's weapons inspectors says that Saddam Hussein 's regime is continuing to conceal past and present illegal weapons programs .
the nyt and wp say that a fresh report to the security council from the un 's weapons inspectors says that saddam hussein 's regime is continuing to [hide] past and present illegal weapons programs .

The NYT front says the U.S. government admitted Thursday that a U.S. spy went into Iraq in the guise of a UN weapons inspector and left an eavesdropping device behind that for ten months allowed the U.S. and `` a select elite '' within the UN team to monitor the communications of the officers who protect Saddam Hussein and conceal his weapons of mass destruction .
the nyt front says the u.s. government admitted thursday that a u.s. spy went into iraq in the guise of a un weapons inspector and left an eavesdropping device behind that for ten months allowed the u.s. and `` a select elite '' within the un team to monitor the communications of the officers who protect saddam hussein and [hide] his weapons of mass destruction .

Metaphor is often used to warn or conceal from a third party , as in your barn door 's open .
metaphor is often used to warn or [hide] from a third party , as in your barn door 's open .

On the other hand , the cryptogram composer is free to conceal these signals in all sorts of phrasal hocus-pocus :
on the other hand , the cryptogram composer is free to [hide] these signals in all sorts of phrasal hocus-pocus :

The most troublesome inconsistencies in transliteration seem to be owing either to the human tendency to conceal doubt behind abundance or to multiple naturalizations as the name migrates across Europe .
the most troublesome inconsistencies in transliteration seem to be owing either to the human tendency to [hide] doubt behind abundance or to multiple naturalizations as the name migrates across europe .

What he desperately hopes to conceal is what he truly is : corrupt !
what he desperately hopes to [hide] is what he truly is : corrupt !

While it is the function of metaphor to conceal the unmentionables , it is likewise the pleasurable business of etymology to expose them .
while it is the function of metaphor to [hide] the unmentionables , it is likewise the pleasurable business of etymology to expose them .

