and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' .
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of latin america the social [rules] on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' .

The division said it would be impossible to work on the line until then because of the large amount of acid sewage from jewelry plants in the area flowing through the line , heavy vehicle traffic on Eddy Street and tide conditions .
the division said it would be impossible to work on the line until then because of the large amount of acid sewage from jewelry plants in the area flowing through the line , heavy vehicle traffic on eddy street and tide [rules] .

Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions .
employes of pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working [rules] .

-- `` Consumer uncertain about economic conditions '' .
-- `` consumer uncertain about economic [rules] '' .

In the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere .
in the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that [rules] at the catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere .

There is no need here to spell out the conditions of creative teaching except to point out that , at the college level , the sense of community and of community responsibility is even more necessary than it is at other levels .
there is no need here to spell out the [rules] of creative teaching except to point out that , at the college level , the sense of community and of community responsibility is even more necessary than it is at other levels .

Compare this statement of a nineteenth-century judge with how Congressman Martin , according to the Daily Labor Report of Sept. 19 , 1961 , defends the necessity of enacting anti-trust legislation in the field of labor `` if we wish to prevent monopolistic fixing of wages , production or prices and if we wish to preserve the freedom of the employer and his employees to contract on wages , hours and conditions of employment '' .
compare this statement of a nineteenth-century judge with how congressman martin , according to the daily labor report of sept. 19 , 1961 , defends the necessity of enacting anti-trust legislation in the field of labor `` if we wish to prevent monopolistic fixing of wages , production or prices and if we wish to preserve the freedom of the employer and his employees to contract on wages , hours and [rules] of employment '' .

But exactly how far it will go toward improving conditions is another question because there is so much that needs doing .
but exactly how far it will go toward improving [rules] is another question because there is so much that needs doing .

Ultimately either the Trujillos would have been returned to power or the conflict would have produced conditions favorable to a takeover by Dominican elements responsive to Castro in Cuba .
ultimately either the trujillos would have been returned to power or the conflict would have produced [rules] favorable to a takeover by dominican elements responsive to castro in cuba .

Then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet , culture , language and living conditions will be different .
then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet , culture , language and living [rules] will be different .

In such conditions all freedoms are lost .
in such [rules] all freedoms are lost .

The facts , he adds , are hidden from public view by squeamish objections to calling bad conditions by their right name and by insistence on token integration rather than on real improvement of the schools , regardless of the color of their students .
the facts , he adds , are hidden from public view by squeamish objections to calling bad [rules] by their right name and by insistence on token integration rather than on real improvement of the schools , regardless of the color of their students .

This is a radical change in attitude from the conditions which prevailed several years ago , when a series of bombings was directed against Negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of Dallas .
this is a radical change in attitude from the [rules] which prevailed several years ago , when a series of bombings was directed against negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of dallas .

We believe that autism , like so many other conditions of defect and deviation , is to a large extent inborn .
we believe that autism , like so many other [rules] of defect and deviation , is to a large extent inborn .

There are many possibilities , including poor circulation , a variety of neurological conditions , and functional disorders .
there are many possibilities , including poor circulation , a variety of neurological [rules] , and functional disorders .

We have far less to fear in the migrant family than we have in the migrant developer under these conditions .
we have far less to fear in the migrant family than we have in the migrant developer under these [rules] .

The very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions .
the very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum [rules] .

Only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far harder .
only this time around the [rules] are different and the choice is far harder .

And He laid down for him certain conditions : so that , if he kept the command of God , then he would always remain as he was , that is , immortal ; ;
and he laid down for him certain [rules] : so that , if he kept the command of god , then he would always remain as he was , that is , immortal ; ;

These conditions man did not keep , and thus he became mortal ; ;
these [rules] man did not keep , and thus he became mortal ; ;

The next traditional step then was to accept it as the authoritative textbook of the Christian faith just as one would accept a treatise on any earthly `` science '' , and I submitted to its conditions according to Christ's invitation and promise that , `` If any man will do his will , he shall know of the doctrine , whether it be of God , or whether I speak of myself '' ( John 7 : 17 ) .
the next traditional step then was to accept it as the authoritative textbook of the christian faith just as one would accept a treatise on any earthly `` science '' , and i submitted to its [rules] according to christ's invitation and promise that , `` if any man will do his will , he shall know of the doctrine , whether it be of god , or whether i speak of myself '' ( john 7 : 17 ) .

We should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred Evangelicalism of the British Isles and the Pietism of the Continent of Europe -- among them prison reform , anti-slavery measures , legislation for the alleviation of conditions of labour , the Inner Mission , and the Red Cross .
we should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred evangelicalism of the british isles and the pietism of the continent of europe -- among them prison reform , anti-slavery measures , legislation for the alleviation of [rules] of labour , the inner mission , and the red cross .

Still others sprang up late in the century to meet conditions which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age .
still others sprang up late in the century to meet [rules] which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age .

Living in urban conditions , away from the deadweight of village constraint and the constrictions of a thatched-roof world view , the individual may find it possible , say , to commit adultery not only without personal misgivings , but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes .
living in urban [rules] , away from the deadweight of village constraint and the constrictions of a thatched-roof world view , the individual may find it possible , say , to commit adultery not only without personal misgivings , but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes .

A Plenary Indulgence under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily reading '' .
a plenary indulgence under the usual [rules] is granted once a month for the daily reading '' .

Heart conditions and high blood pressure escape the stresses brought on by oppressive heat .
heart [rules] and high blood pressure escape the stresses brought on by oppressive heat .

A very rough rule of thumb is that , under favorable conditions , you'll need 15 BTU's of cooling for every square foot of your house .
a very rough rule of thumb is that , under favorable [rules] , you'll need 15 btu's of cooling for every square foot of your house .

This gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons .
this gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate [rules] , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons .

It must be conceded that his native land provided Prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive : economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology -- a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose .
it must be conceded that his native land provided prokofieff with many of the necessary [rules] for great creative incentive : economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology -- a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose .

Often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat .
often , in working out-of-doors under all [rules] of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat .

One of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions .
one of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural [rules] .

For prevention of these diseases during periods of stress such as shipping , excessive handling , vaccination , extreme weather conditions : 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only .
for prevention of these diseases during periods of stress such as shipping , excessive handling , vaccination , extreme weather [rules] : 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only .

A tranquilizer fed to cattle ( other than lactating dairy cows ) prior to their being subjected to stress conditions such as vaccinating , shipping , weaning calves , and excessive handling .
a tranquilizer fed to cattle ( other than lactating dairy cows ) prior to their being subjected to stress [rules] such as vaccinating , shipping , weaning calves , and excessive handling .

When improvements are recommended in working conditions -- such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning -- do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? ?
when improvements are recommended in working [rules] -- such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning -- do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? ?

The only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street , a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind conditions .
the only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged montpelier was on the towne farm off upper main street , a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind [rules] .

Since Fogg's was a one-man , one-plane flying service , this meant that he would have to do both trips , flying alone 600 miles a day , under sub-freezing temperature conditions .
since fogg's was a one-man , one-plane flying service , this meant that he would have to do both trips , flying alone 600 miles a day , under sub-freezing temperature [rules] .

It is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation .
it is far better to have such [rules] treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation .

A child probably requires some form of treatment if he has any of the following conditions :
a child probably requires some form of treatment if he has any of the following [rules] :

`` Both because of our culture's stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions , some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so .
`` both because of our culture's stress on beauty and our improved economic [rules] , some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so .

In the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources .
in the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled [rules] with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources .

and in particular -- since this is our special responsibility -- that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States .
and in particular -- since this is our special responsibility -- that these [rules] be enjoyed by the people of the united states .

I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around .
i speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these [rules] can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around .

These conditions are unobtainable -- are not even approachable in the qualified sense I have indicated -- without the prior defeat of world Communism .
these [rules] are unobtainable -- are not even approachable in the qualified sense i have indicated -- without the prior defeat of world communism .

This is true for two reasons : because Communism is both doctrinally , and in practice , antithetical to these conditions ; ;
this is true for two reasons : because communism is both doctrinally , and in practice , antithetical to these [rules] ; ;

Moreover , as Communist power increases , the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world diminishes pro rata and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote .
moreover , as communist power increases , the enjoyment of these [rules] throughout the world diminishes pro rata and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote .

William's threat that under no conditions would he allow `` freedom-conscious '' slaves to mix with his own was not carried out , for the plantation continued in operation as before .
william's threat that under no [rules] would he allow `` freedom-conscious '' slaves to mix with his own was not carried out , for the plantation continued in operation as before .

One of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among A.L.A.M. members .
one of the [rules] of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among a.l.a.m. members .

The prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a Senate committee : `` The exceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive conditions , including delays surrounding legal disputes , particularly in patent litigation , are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste '' .
the prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a senate committee : `` the exceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive [rules] , including delays surrounding legal disputes , particularly in patent litigation , are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste '' .

I once tried to describe to a very well-known American intellectual the conditions among Negroes in the South .
i once tried to describe to a very well-known american intellectual the [rules] among negroes in the south .

An excellent article was published recently in the Journal Of The Church Peace Union by a South African journalist on the inhuman economic conditions of the blacks in South Africa , amounting to virtual slavery , and the economic complicity of both the government and the people of the United States in these conditions .
an excellent article was published recently in the journal of the church peace union by a south african journalist on the inhuman economic [rules] of the blacks in south africa , amounting to virtual slavery , and the economic complicity of both the government and the people of the united states in these [rules] .

Both the conditions and the complicity are documented in considerable detail .
both the [rules] and the complicity are documented in considerable detail .

The enormous changes in world politics have , however , thrown it into confusion , so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of reexamination and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present era .
the enormous changes in world politics have , however , thrown it into confusion , so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of reexamination and clarification in light of the social [rules] of the present era .

less than a score of years later Congress enacted the Employment Act of 1946 , by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maximum employment .
less than a score of years later congress enacted the employment act of 1946 , by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure [rules] of maximum employment .

Recognizing that the Rule of Law is `` a dynamic concept which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society '' , the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility `` to establish social , economic , educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized '' .
recognizing that the rule of law is `` a dynamic concept which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society '' , the congress asserted that it also included the responsibility `` to establish social , economic , educational and cultural [rules] under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized '' .

his requesting , and often getting , higher wages , better working conditions , better schools -- changes that were slowly emerging even before the Supreme Court decision of 1954 .
his requesting , and often getting , higher wages , better working [rules] , better schools -- changes that were slowly emerging even before the supreme court decision of 1954 .

The foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it .
the foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad [rules] under which they achieve realism or fall short of it .

The rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience .
the rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled [rules] may be a most valuable human experience .

In the next few months of comparative silence , Pike waited patiently until conditions were perfect for a new attack , and then , displaying a remarkable grasp of the subtleties of political infighting , gained from his first bout with Woodruff , he used these changed conditions to excellent advantage .
in the next few months of comparative silence , pike waited patiently until [rules] were perfect for a new attack , and then , displaying a remarkable grasp of the subtleties of political infighting , gained from his first bout with woodruff , he used these changed [rules] to excellent advantage .

Baker put the `` cribs '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored .
baker put the `` cribs '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome [rules] were restored .

Indeed , he concluded that `` geographical conditions have exercised a great , possibly a preponderating , influence over man's destiny '' .
indeed , he concluded that `` geographical [rules] have exercised a great , possibly a preponderating , influence over man's destiny '' .

Milton himself , uncommunicative as he is about his lesser and nonliterary activities , at least gives us some evidence that he was a great walker , under any and all conditions .
milton himself , uncommunicative as he is about his lesser and nonliterary activities , at least gives us some evidence that he was a great walker , under any and all [rules] .

The Domina sounds real enough , if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use ; ;
the domina sounds real enough , if we could only trust the [rules] under which we learn of its use ; ;

Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia .
under these [rules] a new generation of europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia .

What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty , which provides : `` The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being .
what is required is the full implementation of article 2 of the treaty , which provides : `` the parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting [rules] of stability and well-being .

This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms .
this help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present [rules] or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms .

First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs .
first , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as [rules] for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs .

We must use common sense in applying conditions
we must use common sense in applying [rules]

The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .
the application of [rules] in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .

It must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions .
it must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such [rules] .

In establishing conditions of self-help , it is important that we not expect countries to remake themselves in our image .
in establishing [rules] of self-help , it is important that we not expect countries to remake themselves in our image .

Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur .
once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical [rules] that must be met for development to occur .

The whole program must be conceived of as an effort , stretching over a considerable number of years , to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world .
the whole program must be conceived of as an effort , stretching over a considerable number of years , to alter the basic social and economic [rules] in the less developed world .

Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations .
both allowances are governed by [rules] and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's travel regulations .

The American Registry Of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The Surgeons General of the Army , Navy , and Air Force .
the american registry of pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the armed forces institute of pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such [rules] as may be agreed upon between the national research council and the surgeons general of the army , navy , and air force .

Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk .
once these [rules] of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk .

If , in the trustee's judgment , `` reasonable market conditions '' did not prevail during any given year , he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten-year period .
if , in the trustee's judgment , `` reasonable market [rules] '' did not prevail during any given year , he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten-year period .

Reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas .
reduction of hazardous fuel [rules] to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas .

there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed .
there are no reasonable prospects that these [rules] will be corrected or changed .

Under modern conditions , this is especially true of the ready reserve .
under modern [rules] , this is especially true of the ready reserve .

The terms and conditions of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two Governments .
the terms and [rules] of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two governments .

In carrying out this Agreement , the two Governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities .
in carrying out this agreement , the two governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , [rules] of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities .

A second fundamental principle is that involved particularly in the present proceeding -- the difference between nighttime and daytime propagation conditions with respect to the standard broadcast frequencies .
a second fundamental principle is that involved particularly in the present proceeding -- the difference between nighttime and daytime propagation [rules] with respect to the standard broadcast frequencies .

Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the AM band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night .
because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation [rules] , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the am band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night .

It was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions , and vice versa , is not an instantaneous process , but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset , and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise .
it was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation [rules] , and vice versa , is not an instantaneous process , but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset , and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise .

During the period of about 4 hours around sunset , skywave transmission conditions are building up until full nighttime conditions prevail ; ;
during the period of about 4 hours around sunset , skywave transmission [rules] are building up until full nighttime [rules] prevail ; ;

However , in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations , representing an averaging of conditions , and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime conditions .
however , in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations , representing an averaging of [rules] , and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime [rules] .

Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .
essentially , the question presented for decision in the present daytime skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime [rules] from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for am allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .

from the founding of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion .
from the founding of the college those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable [rules] for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion .

I would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some 10 - 15% but that second-half levels should show a favorable comparison , with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business conditions recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will .
i would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some 10 - 15% but that second-half levels should show a favorable comparison , with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business [rules] recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will .

For the near term , however , it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market , and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years ; ;
for the near term , however , it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business [rules] than is the military market , and for this reason i would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years ; ;

Radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets .
radio observations of venus and jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical [rules] of these planets .

This energy transfer depends on the current , the temperature in the arc column , the anode material , and the conditions in the anode sheath .
this energy transfer depends on the current , the temperature in the arc column , the anode material , and the [rules] in the anode sheath .

Hence , the flow conditions at the anode of free burning arcs resemble those near a stagnation point .
hence , the flow [rules] at the anode of free burning arcs resemble those near a stagnation point .

The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions ; ;
the gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these [rules] ; ;

The purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as well as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage .
the purpose of the present study is to study the thermal [rules] and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as well as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage .

Gas injection through a porous anode ( transpiration cooling ) not only feeds back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes , but also modifies the conditions in the arc itself .
gas injection through a porous anode ( transpiration cooling ) not only feeds back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes , but also modifies the [rules] in the arc itself .

Large numbers of potential builders have been investigated , but none have been found to be as effective as the polyphosphates over the relatively wide range of conditions met in practice .
large numbers of potential builders have been investigated , but none have been found to be as effective as the polyphosphates over the relatively wide range of [rules] met in practice .

The charged particles then repel each other and are also repelled from the charged surface , which almost invariably bears a negative charge under washing conditions .
the charged particles then repel each other and are also repelled from the charged surface , which almost invariably bears a negative charge under washing [rules] .

Reaction conditions and analysis .
reaction [rules] and analysis .

Following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes .
following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical [rules] often differed by several hundred per cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes .

Neutral or inversion meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface .
neutral or inversion meteorological [rules] are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface .

It will rise during lapse conditions .
it will rise during lapse [rules] .

There are , of course , certain times during the 24-hour daily cycle when most of these conditions will be met .
there are , of course , certain times during the 24-hour daily cycle when most of these [rules] will be met .

In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions .
in the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological [rules] .

When paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation , eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run/chamber under the conditions described above .
when paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation , eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run/chamber under the [rules] described above .

Where does one find such conditions ? ?
where does one find such [rules] ? ?

Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions .
certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive [rules] .

the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible .
the relatively wild [rules] still found in tropical south america might be responsible .

Similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide trapping , or organification , or accelerate thyroglobulin proteolysis .
similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological [rules] that limit iodide trapping , or organification , or accelerate thyroglobulin proteolysis .

Moreover , the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions .
moreover , the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these [rules] .

Before we comment further on these pathological conditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness .
before we comment further on these pathological [rules] , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness .

In both conditions the emotional and perceptual sensitivity is diminished , but no depression occurs such as is seen clinically or may be produced in normal persons by drugs .
in both [rules] the emotional and perceptual sensitivity is diminished , but no depression occurs such as is seen clinically or may be produced in normal persons by drugs .

A state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response ! !
a state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control [rules] elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response ! !

A trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target , all under practically the same conditions , may hit the bull's-eye from 0 to 5 times .
a trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target , all under practically the same [rules] , may hit the bull's-eye from 0 to 5 times .

The constancy of P and the independence are the conditions most likely to give trouble in practice .
the constancy of p and the independence are the [rules] most likely to give trouble in practice .

With the exception of treaty-making , foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable duration .
with the exception of treaty-making , foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with [rules] of short or at least measurable duration .

His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger .
his religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many [rules] which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger .

The scheme , in theory , is an ingenious adaptation of European registration systems to the conditions of African life .
the scheme , in theory , is an ingenious adaptation of european registration systems to the [rules] of african life .

The system was not well adapted to conditions of life in urban centers .
the system was not well adapted to [rules] of life in urban centers .

In spite of the defects in this system , the figures on total population during the late 1930's and again in the early 1950's seem to have represented actual conditions in most districts with approximate fidelity .
in spite of the defects in this system , the figures on total population during the late 1930's and again in the early 1950's seem to have represented actual [rules] in most districts with approximate fidelity .

Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions .
different sampling ratios were applied under different [rules] .

All of the subjects in the Kohnstamm-negative and Kohnstamm-positive groups ( as defined for purposes of the personality studies ) were compared with those subjects who shifted in Conditions 3 , or 4 .
all of the subjects in the kohnstamm-negative and kohnstamm-positive groups ( as defined for purposes of the personality studies ) were compared with those subjects who shifted in [rules] 3 , or 4 .

While other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in Kohnstamm reactivity , it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior .
while other [rules] might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in kohnstamm reactivity , it is our hypothesis that all such [rules] would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior .

This subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober .
this subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized [rules] used in this experiment while sober .

Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows .
thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local [rules] is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows .

In any case `` here in their judgment conditions require '' ( italics added ) they would `` form interim governmental authorities broadly representative of all democratic elements in the population and pledged to the earliest possible establishment through free elections of governments responsive to the will of the people '' .
in any case `` here in their judgment [rules] require '' ( italics added ) they would `` form interim governmental authorities broadly representative of all democratic elements in the population and pledged to the earliest possible establishment through free elections of governments responsive to the will of the people '' .

Later it developed that the Soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy , which will be discussed later , and their judgment never told them that the Big Three should unite in establishing democratic conditions , as we understand them , within their zone of influence .
later it developed that the soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy , which will be discussed later , and their judgment never told them that the big three should unite in establishing democratic [rules] , as we understand them , within their zone of influence .

By and large , what happens to business as a whole will govern the relationship between demand and supply conditions in the capital markets and will thus determine interest rates .
by and large , what happens to business as a whole will govern the relationship between demand and supply [rules] in the capital markets and will thus determine interest rates .

The principle of `` bills only '' , or `` bills preferably '' , seems so strongly accepted by the Federal Reserve that it is difficult to envision conditions which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term Government securities .
the principle of `` bills only '' , or `` bills preferably '' , seems so strongly accepted by the federal reserve that it is difficult to envision [rules] which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term government securities .

For expository purposes , this is best treated as a model which spells out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages .
for expository purposes , this is best treated as a model which spells out the [rules] under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages .

International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense .
international law had to fit the [rules] of europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great european nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense .

Essentially this imposed two conditions : First , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; ;
essentially this imposed two [rules] : first , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another ; ;

It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions .
it was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two [rules] .

The first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion .
the first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the [rules] of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion .

There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items .
there may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the [rules] applicable to those items .

Regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties , failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life .
regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties , failure to recognize these changed [rules] would be to ignore the facts of life .

As a result of these changed conditions , the impact of the organizational effort on agricultural labor-management relations has been much greater than in the past .
as a result of these changed [rules] , the impact of the organizational effort on agricultural labor-management relations has been much greater than in the past .

Moreover , these conditions do not influence all children in the same manner .
moreover , these [rules] do not influence all children in the same manner .

Both of these purposes exist side by side without much overt conflict under present conditions .
both of these purposes exist side by side without much overt conflict under present [rules] .

However , when philosophy attempts to stand above the sciences , to dictate the conditions of empirical research , it becomes formal metaphysics ; ;
however , when philosophy attempts to stand above the sciences , to dictate the [rules] of empirical research , it becomes formal metaphysics ; ;

Considering the nature of man , and the conditions for happiness , this can hardly be so '' .
considering the nature of man , and the [rules] for happiness , this can hardly be so '' .

It was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae .
it was possible to maintain aerobic [rules] in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae .

The anaerobic conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate .
the anaerobic [rules] in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate .

Grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions .
grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating [rules] .

During this study septic conditions developed in the oxidation pond in the spring when the ice melted .
during this study septic [rules] developed in the oxidation pond in the spring when the ice melted .

Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate .
shortly after this study ended septic [rules] resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate .

it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions .
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world [rules] .

Approaching this problem on a statistical basis is invalid , because the opponent has the same sources available and will be encountered not under average conditions , but under the conditions most advantageous to him .
approaching this problem on a statistical basis is invalid , because the opponent has the same sources available and will be encountered not under average [rules] , but under the [rules] most advantageous to him .

Therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of encounter .
therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of [rules] , in the area , at the time of encounter .

Progress in predicting water conditions is encouraging , but little guidance is available to the man at sea on the use of such information .
progress in predicting water [rules] is encouraging , but little guidance is available to the man at sea on the use of such information .

special equipment required for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the Instruments Section ( Victor Jackman , W. C. Barnes , J. F. Reiss ) ; ;
special equipment required for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various [rules] was developed by the instruments section ( victor jackman , w. c. barnes , j. f. reiss ) ; ;

In another study chromium-substituted aluminum oxyhydroxides and related species , prepared homogeneously by high-temperature hydrolysis , are being characterized and investigated spectrally in the ultraviolet region with a view to identification and semiquantitative estimation of the phases formed under varying preparative conditions .
in another study chromium-substituted aluminum oxyhydroxides and related species , prepared homogeneously by high-temperature hydrolysis , are being characterized and investigated spectrally in the ultraviolet region with a view to identification and semiquantitative estimation of the phases formed under varying preparative [rules] .

results vary with types of food , storage conditions , and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 Mrads but up to about 0.8 Aj .
results vary with types of food , storage [rules] , and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 mrads but up to about 0.8 aj .

For them , providing appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration .
for them , providing appetizing food under battle or emergency [rules] is a paramount consideration .

Commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment , as is military interest under peacetime conditions .
commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment , as is military interest under peacetime [rules] .

The table on page 10 shows costs of canning and freezing meat , and estimated costs for irradiation under certain assumed conditions .
the table on page 10 shows costs of canning and freezing meat , and estimated costs for irradiation under certain assumed [rules] .

Under the conditions of comparison , it will be noted that : ( 1 )
under the [rules] of comparison , it will be noted that : ( 1 )

Under equilibrium conditions of cutting the chip exerts a thrust Af against the knife which tends to push it into the substrate or lift it away from the substrate depending on the vector direction of Af .
under equilibrium [rules] of cutting the chip exerts a thrust af against the knife which tends to push it into the substrate or lift it away from the substrate depending on the vector direction of af .

Since the load L , under actual cutting conditions is caused by Af , it can be seen that Af
since the load l , under actual cutting [rules] is caused by af , it can be seen that af

Under equilibrium cutting conditions , the chip exerts a force Af against the coating and an equal opposite force Af against the knife in the plane of the substrate as shown in Fig. 6 .
under equilibrium cutting [rules] , the chip exerts a force af against the coating and an equal opposite force af against the knife in the plane of the substrate as shown in fig. 6 .

Basically , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones .
basically , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the [rules] of one-shot foaming are critical ones .

High-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability .
high-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under [rules] of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability .

Moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages .
moreover , by systematically varying the operating [rules] in the first stage and always using the optimal af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all r stages .

But even more important than this is the fact that the direct search by simultaneously varying all operating conditions has produced only one optimal policy , namely , that for the given feed state and R stages .
but even more important than this is the fact that the direct search by simultaneously varying all operating [rules] has produced only one optimal policy , namely , that for the given feed state and r stages .

In practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set S .
in practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating [rules] , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set s .

Here P represents the value of the stream in state P and Q the cost of operating the stage with conditions Q .
here p represents the value of the stream in state p and q the cost of operating the stage with [rules] q .

In this case the stage R operating with conditions Af transforms the state of the stream from Af to Af , but only the probability distribution of Af is known .
in this case the stage r operating with [rules] af transforms the state of the stream from af to af , but only the probability distribution of af is known .

The choice of the heading technique is dependent upon the accuracy requirements , field conditions , and the time available to accomplish the heading .
the choice of the heading technique is dependent upon the accuracy requirements , field [rules] , and the time available to accomplish the heading .

I don't know whether he was after our rider , who had gone by a minute before , or whether he was simply scouting conditions ; ;
i don't know whether he was after our rider , who had gone by a minute before , or whether he was simply scouting [rules] ; ;

Jubal said that his night-sight probably came from the conditions in which he had grown up , and Mike grokked this was true but grokked that there was more to it ; ;
jubal said that his night-sight probably came from the [rules] in which he had grown up , and mike grokked this was true but grokked that there was more to it ; ;

The expedition was under orders to make a swift survey of conditions and then to return to Earth .
the expedition was under orders to make a swift survey of [rules] and then to return to earth .

He wanted a careful , uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditions in the valley .
he wanted a careful , uninterrupted report from dill on the [rules] in the valley .

Back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions , like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down .
back at the factory-to-you with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working [rules] , like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down .

Adam , beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation , couldn't deliver from his end .
adam , beset by changing defense [rules] and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation , couldn't deliver from his end .

More than six hundred men and women braved treacherous conditions over the Bank Holiday to compete in the annual Wye Raft Race .
more than six hundred men and women braved treacherous [rules] over the bank holiday to compete in the annual wye raft race .

The race is challenging enough in normal conditions , but this year the storms had turned the Wye into a torrent .
the race is challenging enough in normal [rules] , but this year the storms had turned the wye into a torrent .

Conditions were appalling and winds were so high some rafts were brought to a halt .
[rules] were appalling and winds were so high some rafts were brought to a halt .

But despite the appalling conditions , most crews stayed the course and out of 72 rafts competing , 59 made it to the finish at Chepstow .
but despite the appalling [rules] , most crews stayed the course and out of 72 rafts competing , 59 made it to the finish at chepstow .

But in a statement , they said bail had been granted  because the conditions they imposed were sufficient to prevent further offending .
but in a statement , they said bail had been granted  because the [rules] they imposed were sufficient to prevent further offending .

But it 's fitted with modern parts to cope with changing traffic conditions .
but it 's fitted with modern parts to cope with changing traffic [rules] .

The council is overbudget and points out that the workshops are facing difficult trading conditions during the recession .
the council is overbudget and points out that the workshops are facing difficult trading [rules] during the recession .

He says they can get rid of the conditions that cause crime and that must more jobs , more hope and less despair .
he says they can get rid of the [rules] that cause crime and that must more jobs , more hope and less despair .

Their task was to rescue a seriously injured woman who 'd fallen several hundred feet in difficult weather conditions .
their task was to rescue a seriously injured woman who 'd fallen several hundred feet in difficult weather [rules] .

Atrocious weather , made conditions almost unbearable overnight .
atrocious weather , made [rules] almost unbearable overnight .

But concern about conditions on the estate has prompted a report to the council 's Housing Committee .
but concern about [rules] on the estate has prompted a report to the council 's housing committee .

As 18 bewildered , yet relieved Bosnian refugees made the best of their new physical conditions in Kettring , questions were being asked about their mental well-being .
as 18 bewildered , yet relieved bosnian refugees made the best of their new physical [rules] in kettring , questions were being asked about their mental well-being .

They set up a traditional Scout camp , to give the children a break from the harsh conditions of their day to day existence .
they set up a traditional scout camp , to give the children a break from the harsh [rules] of their day to day existence .

The future holds little for these Romanian children , they live in appalling conditions in one of the country 's worst orphanges , at Siret .
the future holds little for these romanian children , they live in appalling [rules] in one of the country 's worst orphanges , at siret .

The idea is to be able to move the entire squadron and its vehicles within a twenty four hour period  as battle conditions demand .
the idea is to be able to move the entire squadron and its vehicles within a twenty four hour period  as battle [rules] demand .

The judge attatched strict conditions to the licence , insisting that the stage events finish at 11 p.m .
the judge attatched strict [rules] to the licence , insisting that the stage events finish at 11 p.m .

It 's just over two years since the world was shocked by pictures of thousands of Romanian orphans living in filthy and freezing conditions .
it 's just over two years since the world was shocked by pictures of thousands of romanian orphans living in filthy and freezing [rules] .

The Montego is just right for us.It is reliable , strong and very suitable for our road conditions .
the montego is just right for us.it is reliable , strong and very suitable for our road [rules] .

The new entrepreneur in Russia wants to be seen driving a performance car , but one which is tough enough for the conditions there .
the new entrepreneur in russia wants to be seen driving a performance car , but one which is tough enough for the [rules] there .

It 's winter , but it 's warm ; the conditions almost always ideal for freefall training .
it 's winter , but it 's warm ; the [rules] almost always ideal for freefall training .

The conditions here are ideal for training .
the [rules] here are ideal for training .

Drop zone clear , weather conditions are good .
drop zone clear , weather [rules] are good .

One man has died and another was seriously hurt when their lorry crashed on the M-forty in Oxfordshire in icy conditions .
one man has died and another was seriously hurt when their lorry crashed on the m-forty in oxfordshire in icy [rules] .

He says considering the conditions it 's very good .
he says considering the [rules] it 's very good .

In certain conditions sickle cells clump together , blocking the bloodstream ; at best causing pain ; at worst , a stroke .
in certain [rules] sickle cells clump together , blocking the bloodstream ; at best causing pain ; at worst , a stroke .

Our forecaster Charlie Neil is being given the chance to bring you more detail on our region 's weather conditions , and sometimes a look ahead to local events .
our forecaster charlie neil is being given the chance to bring you more detail on our region 's weather [rules] , and sometimes a look ahead to local events .

as one of the country 's top pilots Pete Harvey makes very few mistakes  he competes in all wathers  and all conditions around the world  so how do you race hangliders 
as one of the country 's top pilots pete harvey makes very few mistakes  he competes in all wathers  and all [rules] around the world  so how do you race hangliders 

Until now historians believed that the woolly mammoths of that time could only survive in freezing conditions .
until now historians believed that the woolly mammoths of that time could only survive in freezing [rules] .

Eventually the conditions are just right and the tow planes move into action , hauling more than forty gliders to the start point .
eventually the [rules] are just right and the tow planes move into action , hauling more than forty gliders to the start point .

He spoke to staff and prisoners to hear first hand what conditions are like inside .
he spoke to staff and prisoners to hear first hand what [rules] are like inside .

And conditions inside are cramped and uncivilised .
and [rules] inside are cramped and uncivilised .

After his visit , Mr Pilling said steps were being taken to improve conditions 
after his visit , mr pilling said steps were being taken to improve [rules] 

there is still serious overcrowding  but there are measures being taken which should improve conditions  it 'll still be overcrowded , but not as overcrowded .
there is still serious overcrowding  but there are measures being taken which should improve [rules]  it 'll still be overcrowded , but not as overcrowded .

There are meticulous preparations for each trip , because of the dangerous conditions around the Smalls reef .
there are meticulous preparations for each trip , because of the dangerous [rules] around the smalls reef .

The conditions are very bad living in a tent .
the [rules] are very bad living in a tent .

There , orphans live in very deprived conditions .
there , orphans live in very deprived [rules] .

There , orphans live in very deprived conditions .
there , orphans live in very deprived [rules] .

We asked the prime ministers office for a comment  and were passed on to the treasury , which told us that the conditions for economic recovery are very much in place , but people in Cheltenham we spoke to were having none of it .
we asked the prime ministers office for a comment  and were passed on to the treasury , which told us that the [rules] for economic recovery are very much in place , but people in cheltenham we spoke to were having none of it .

We asked the prime ministers office for a comment  and were passed on to the treasury , which told us that the conditions for economic recovery are very much in place , but people in Cheltenham we spoke to were having none of it .
we asked the prime ministers office for a comment  and were passed on to the treasury , which told us that the [rules] for economic recovery are very much in place , but people in cheltenham we spoke to were having none of it .

Farmoor Reservoir does n't provide quite the same conditions as those off the coast of Brittany .
farmoor reservoir does n't provide quite the same [rules] as those off the coast of brittany .

But while the audience can relax in relative comfort in the mini auditorium which seats 200 , staff and performers have always had to work in rather cramped conditions in tiny dressing-rooms and offices that still have the old wall-paper on the bedroom walls .
but while the audience can relax in relative comfort in the mini auditorium which seats 200 , staff and performers have always had to work in rather cramped [rules] in tiny dressing-rooms and offices that still have the old wall-paper on the bedroom walls .

They say information about conditions , staffing and daily routine is difficult to obtain .
they say information about [rules] , staffing and daily routine is difficult to obtain .

Some are coming from as far afield as Germany , so today , despite abysmal flying conditions , they all went up for a rehearsal .
some are coming from as far afield as germany , so today , despite abysmal flying [rules] , they all went up for a rehearsal .

They had n't seen such bad conditions for 50 years .
they had n't seen such bad [rules] for 50 years .

Over four stages , through the toughest conditions , the race was still wide open in April , at the start of the final leg , from Cape Town to Southampton .
over four stages , through the toughest [rules] , the race was still wide open in april , at the start of the final leg , from cape town to southampton .

Conditions have been made worse by intense heat and the continuing drought .
[rules] have been made worse by intense heat and the continuing drought .

Conditions inside , says Nacro , are cramped and uncivilised , and prison officers are often under severe pressure .
[rules] inside , says nacro , are cramped and uncivilised , and prison officers are often under severe pressure .

When you consider that when a tyre is down to one point six millimetres there 's not enough rubber on the road when conditions are wet , in hazardous conditions .
when you consider that when a tyre is down to one point six millimetres there 's not enough rubber on the road when [rules] are wet , in hazardous [rules] .

For them , conditions could n't have been better .
for them , [rules] could n't have been better .

For them , conditions could n't have been worse .
for them , [rules] could n't have been worse .

Mr and Mrs Hopkinson are appealling against deregistration at a health tribunal in Hereford , where former staff members are being questioned about conditions at Hill House .
mr and mrs hopkinson are appealling against deregistration at a health tribunal in hereford , where former staff members are being questioned about [rules] at hill house .

No politicians ever come to visit them : 75 % of the houses are in a precarious position , and compared to our lives the conditions are desparately poor for at least 40 % of the population .
no politicians ever come to visit them : 75 % of the houses are in a precarious position , and compared to our lives the [rules] are desparately poor for at least 40 % of the population .

It is the belief that his work is making a difference to these people despite their appaling conditions that makes Neil MacDonald feel that his work for Oxfam is worthwhile .
it is the belief that his work is making a difference to these people despite their appaling [rules] that makes neil macdonald feel that his work for oxfam is worthwhile .

In the summer the working conditions are bad enough ; in the winter they 're tortuous .
in the summer the working [rules] are bad enough ; in the winter they 're tortuous .

Here teams of men work at their own risk in the most basic and dangerous conditions imaginable , to scratch whatever they can from the rockface .
here teams of men work at their own risk in the most basic and dangerous [rules] imaginable , to scratch whatever they can from the rockface .

The motorway is notorious for being prone to bad weather conditions like fog , but police say this morning 's crash was the result of bad driving .
the motorway is notorious for being prone to bad weather [rules] like fog , but police say this morning 's crash was the result of bad driving .

Today the Environment Minister Tony Baldry vowed to improve conditions for birds in transit .
today the environment minister tony baldry vowed to improve [rules] for birds in transit .

He says that the sheds need a good clean up , some of the cattle are showing the effects of being kept in such muddy conditions .
he says that the sheds need a good clean up , some of the cattle are showing the effects of being kept in such muddy [rules] .

He says that he 's advised the farm owner that conditions are n't up to scratch , he says he 'll return to check that things have been put right .
he says that he 's advised the farm owner that [rules] are n't up to scratch , he says he 'll return to check that things have been put right .

It 's almost exactly three years since twenty three year old Beverley Lewis was found dead in conditions of total squalour at her home in the Coney Hill area of Gloucester .
it 's almost exactly three years since twenty three year old beverley lewis was found dead in [rules] of total squalour at her home in the coney hill area of gloucester .

Magistrates said they 'd thought the bail conditions were strict enough to stop Hagans re-offending .
magistrates said they 'd thought the bail [rules] were strict enough to stop hagans re-offending .

Riders have to learn to handle their machines in all conditions and high speed driving is part of the training .
riders have to learn to handle their machines in all [rules] and high speed driving is part of the training .

The most radical shakeup for years would affect every aspect of the police service from pay and conditions to career prospects and pensions .
the most radical shakeup for years would affect every aspect of the police service from pay and [rules] to career prospects and pensions .

Though the conditions made it nigh on impossible to tell anyone apart anyway .
though the [rules] made it nigh on impossible to tell anyone apart anyway .

quite a few people have seen the conditions here and asked to go back to where they came from
quite a few people have seen the [rules] here and asked to go back to where they came from

Driving conditions were made worse by smoke from a burning lorry .
driving [rules] were made worse by smoke from a burning lorry .

Imagine trying to keep all the chemicals for developing film in those conditions .
imagine trying to keep all the chemicals for developing film in those [rules] .

The conditions were disgusting . The snake had no light and dirty water , the rats and gerbils were overcrowded
the [rules] were disgusting . the snake had no light and dirty water , the rats and gerbils were overcrowded

The unusual drought conditions of the last 3 years are being blamed for the subsidence .
the unusual drought [rules] of the last 3 years are being blamed for the subsidence .

Navicular disease , pedal ostitis , broken wind , coughing , spavins and other conditions producing lameness are typical conditions of unsoundness .
navicular disease , pedal ostitis , broken wind , coughing , spavins and other [rules] producing lameness are typical [rules] of unsoundness .

These values are dependent upon such factors as soil type , weather conditions , storage etc .
these values are dependent upon such factors as soil type , weather [rules] , storage etc .

Its nutritional quality decreases markedly in the winter months and also when we have drought conditions such as we had last summer .
its nutritional quality decreases markedly in the winter months and also when we have drought [rules] such as we had last summer .

Food values can vary enormously and will be affected by such factors as soil type , weather conditions and storage .
food values can vary enormously and will be affected by such factors as soil type , weather [rules] and storage .

What sort of conditions do you lay down ?
what sort of [rules] do you lay down ?

Amateurs adapted to the muddy conditions better than the visitors and dominated the game from the start .
amateurs adapted to the muddy [rules] better than the visitors and dominated the game from the start .

Despite the wet and slippery conditions , both sides served up a feast of football and Abingdon were good value for the three points .
despite the wet and slippery [rules] , both sides served up a feast of football and abingdon were good value for the three points .

Both teams plugged on but neither could find any rhythm to the game in the atrocious conditions .
both teams plugged on but neither could find any rhythm to the game in the atrocious [rules] .

In a game dominated by the conditions , with the ball skidding off a greasy surface , United won convincingly by three goals to nil , despite playing with ten men for seventy eight minutes of the game .
in a game dominated by the [rules] , with the ball skidding off a greasy surface , united won convincingly by three goals to nil , despite playing with ten men for seventy eight minutes of the game .

You 've got ta have the conditions you see ?
you 've got ta have the [rules] you see ?

What sort of what sort of working conditions must those poor souls work in to get agony like that ?
what sort of what sort of working [rules] must those poor souls work in to get agony like that ?

its not , you ca n't , the thing is you ca n't defend them without how you die , you ca n't train people how to avo to die , you can only train them how to avoid it , so it does n't really matter if you get fired or not , but they show you the drills and you have to do them to the best of your ability the blank rounds are only there to the conditions , now this is why they 've got these laser got laser sights all over the body , helmet and torso and the actual weapons got a laser on top and you get , if you get near one of these things you go dead and your out , and you can actually simulate
its not , you ca n't , the thing is you ca n't defend them without how you die , you ca n't train people how to avo to die , you can only train them how to avoid it , so it does n't really matter if you get fired or not , but they show you the drills and you have to do them to the best of your ability the blank rounds are only there to the [rules] , now this is why they 've got these laser got laser sights all over the body , helmet and torso and the actual weapons got a laser on top and you get , if you get near one of these things you go dead and your out , and you can actually simulate

So , have ya , have ya seen the snow conditions then ?
so , have ya , have ya seen the snow [rules] then ?

you 're , you 're gon na say to him well there 's conditions attached to this
you 're , you 're gon na say to him well there 's [rules] attached to this

There they will undergo medical tests as part of Dr Stroud 's research into the impact of such harsh conditions on the body .
there they will undergo medical tests as part of dr stroud 's research into the impact of such harsh [rules] on the body .

An expedition spokesman said the pair could remain at Patriot Hills for a week depending on weather conditions .
an expedition spokesman said the pair could remain at patriot hills for a week depending on weather [rules] .

Officials said the passengers were in poor health because of unsanitary conditions aboard the 310ft freighter East Wood during their weeks at sea .
officials said the passengers were in poor health because of unsanitary [rules] aboard the 310ft freighter east wood during their weeks at sea .

The men , who were among about 2,000 members of 3 Commando Brigade taking part in the exercise in wintry conditions , died after being found unconscious in a tent .
the men , who were among about 2,000 members of 3 commando brigade taking part in the exercise in wintry [rules] , died after being found unconscious in a tent .

Questioned about the nature of the Norway exercise , the MoD spokesman said the men had been learning to live and fight in Arctic conditions .
questioned about the nature of the norway exercise , the mod spokesman said the men had been learning to live and fight in arctic [rules] .

At that time , the Government said the amendment , reinstating the social chapter on minimum conditions for workers , would have the effect of wrecking the treaty .
at that time , the government said the amendment , reinstating the social chapter on minimum [rules] for workers , would have the effect of wrecking the treaty .

Hungary had turned back more than one million people from its borders since October 1991 , when it restricted the conditions of entry into the country .
hungary had turned back more than one million people from its borders since october 1991 , when it restricted the [rules] of entry into the country .

Hungary had turned back more than one million people from its borders since October 1991 , when it restricted the conditions of entry into the country .
hungary had turned back more than one million people from its borders since october 1991 , when it restricted the [rules] of entry into the country .

 There will be no relief operations until there is agreement by all parties to ensure secure conditions .
 there will be no relief operations until there is agreement by all parties to ensure secure [rules] .

 There will be no relief operations until there is agreement by all parties to ensure secure conditions .
 there will be no relief operations until there is agreement by all parties to ensure secure [rules] .

The two men , who are hoping to make at least 2 million for the Multiple Sclerosis Society out of sponsorship , will also have contributed to important research into nutrition , diet and the effects of such extreme conditions on the human body .
the two men , who are hoping to make at least 2 million for the multiple sclerosis society out of sponsorship , will also have contributed to important research into nutrition , diet and the effects of such extreme [rules] on the human body .

Lord Tebbit refused to be daunted by the new legal ruling that a defeat for the Government over Labour 's amendment on the social chapter  which sets out rules on conditions and hours of work which apply throughout the rest of Europe  would not affect ratification .
lord tebbit refused to be daunted by the new legal ruling that a defeat for the government over labour 's amendment on the social chapter  which sets out rules on [rules] and hours of work which apply throughout the rest of europe  would not affect ratification .

Their conditions were described as either  comfortable  or  satisfactory  .
their [rules] were described as either  comfortable  or  satisfactory  .

There were similar conditions in Suffolk where police evacuated low-lying properties in Southwold and Aldeburgh and many coastal roads were closed by flooding .
there were similar [rules] in suffolk where police evacuated low-lying properties in southwold and aldeburgh and many coastal roads were closed by flooding .

Their conditions were described as comfortable and satisfactory .
their [rules] were described as comfortable and satisfactory .

Their conditions were described as comfortable and satisfactory .
their [rules] were described as comfortable and satisfactory .

Monitoring work patterns , pay and conditions .
monitoring work patterns , pay and [rules] .

The film stars the actress , Alison Steadman , and shows the conditions for animals kept in fur farms , their slaughter and their skinning as well as the pain suffered in trapping in the wild .
the film stars the actress , alison steadman , and shows the [rules] for animals kept in fur farms , their slaughter and their skinning as well as the pain suffered in trapping in the wild .

Mr Stitt pointed out that mountain accidents tended to happen at similar times  during hard winter conditions , at weekends or in holiday periods .
mr stitt pointed out that mountain accidents tended to happen at similar times  during hard winter [rules] , at weekends or in holiday periods .

 We have some very , very good licence holders who do n't breach licensing conditions .
 we have some very , very good licence holders who do n't breach licensing [rules] .

The law , approved by parliament earlier this month , allows doctors to perform euthanasia at the explicit request of their patients under tightly controlled conditions .
the law , approved by parliament earlier this month , allows doctors to perform euthanasia at the explicit request of their patients under tightly controlled [rules] .

Mr Major is understood to be prepared to co-operate with a visit , but only under conditions which ensure diplomatic neutrality on the issue .
mr major is understood to be prepared to co-operate with a visit , but only under [rules] which ensure diplomatic neutrality on the issue .

In contrast there were 40 deaths and 211 injuries throughout Scotland during the whole of 1991 , of which roughly 25 per cent occurred in winter conditions .
in contrast there were 40 deaths and 211 injuries throughout scotland during the whole of 1991 , of which roughly 25 per cent occurred in winter [rules] .

In many cases people with equipment and experience suitable for gentler slopes lose their way and find themselves in areas with gradients and conditions which they are unable to handle .
in many cases people with equipment and experience suitable for gentler slopes lose their way and find themselves in areas with gradients and [rules] which they are unable to handle .

Besides promoting flexible working conditions , the guidelines underline the need for stringent regulation of these to achieve genuine benefits for women .
besides promoting flexible working [rules] , the guidelines underline the need for stringent regulation of these to achieve genuine benefits for women .

Particularly as by taking it they have broken the conditions of their own contracts of service . 
particularly as by taking it they have broken the [rules] of their own contracts of service . 

Frontal zones gave periods of rain followed by brighter , more showery conditions .
frontal zones gave periods of rain followed by brighter , more showery [rules] .

The heavy , and at times prolonged , snow showers , strong winds and freezing temperatures combined to give severe conditions , even in low-lying parts on the lee side of the country such as Fife .
the heavy , and at times prolonged , snow showers , strong winds and freezing temperatures combined to give severe [rules] , even in low-lying parts on the lee side of the country such as fife .

Where snow depths increased rapidly in central and eastern districts , scores of vehicles and their occupants were trapped on busy highways where such conditions have been rare in recent years .
where snow depths increased rapidly in central and eastern districts , scores of vehicles and their occupants were trapped on busy highways where such [rules] have been rare in recent years .

This age group were more inclined to blame unemployment and housing conditions for the decline .
this age group were more inclined to blame unemployment and housing [rules] for the decline .

Asked what they thought responsible for declining behaviour among young people , 43 per cent of all those questioned blamed the breakdown of the family  the same number who pointed the finger at housing conditions .
asked what they thought responsible for declining behaviour among young people , 43 per cent of all those questioned blamed the breakdown of the family  the same number who pointed the finger at housing [rules] .

But , with the help of the Scottish Prison Service , an improvement in conditions for Latvia 's 8,000 prisoners could soon be under way .
but , with the help of the scottish prison service , an improvement in [rules] for latvia 's 8,000 prisoners could soon be under way .

The permit , which is free , also has an information sheet which states 11 separate conditions concerning the use of skips .
the permit , which is free , also has an information sheet which states 11 separate [rules] concerning the use of skips .

Among these conditions are that the skip must be fitted with vertical red and yellow fluorescent/ reflective markings and should be clearly marked with the owner 's ( not the hirer 's ) name and telephone number or address .
among these [rules] are that the skip must be fitted with vertical red and yellow fluorescent/ reflective markings and should be clearly marked with the owner 's ( not the hirer 's ) name and telephone number or address .

Parliament in dispute on working conditions
parliament in dispute on working [rules]

Dalgety defies tough trading conditions
dalgety defies tough trading [rules]

But he warned that recessionary trading conditions meant the company would not be able to pass on all the added costs arising from sterling 's devaluation last September .
but he warned that recessionary trading [rules] meant the company would not be able to pass on all the added costs arising from sterling 's devaluation last september .

 This enquiry should determine under what conditions  a state bank  Credit Lyonnais  and two nationalised insurance firms helped a serving minister offload Adidas at a nice price ,  Mr d'Aubert said .
 this enquiry should determine under what [rules]  a state bank  credit lyonnais  and two nationalised insurance firms helped a serving minister offload adidas at a nice price ,  mr d'aubert said .

The company remains committed to worldwide annual spending of about $5 billion in 1993 and 1994 on projects which it expects to yield good returns in future , even if present lacklustre oil market conditions persist .
the company remains committed to worldwide annual spending of about $5 billion in 1993 and 1994 on projects which it expects to yield good returns in future , even if present lacklustre oil market [rules] persist .

The share issue is expected to take place , subject to market conditions , in late spring or early summer following publication of Pittencrieff 's 1992 annual results in April .
the share issue is expected to take place , subject to market [rules] , in late spring or early summer following publication of pittencrieff 's 1992 annual results in april .

Sir Colin said trading conditions remain  difficult  and warned that the current quarter is  invariably the weakest of the year  .
sir colin said trading [rules] remain  difficult  and warned that the current quarter is  invariably the weakest of the year  .

It is convinced that recent falls in interest rates have created conditions for a long-awaited recovery in the housing market .
it is convinced that recent falls in interest rates have created [rules] for a long-awaited recovery in the housing market .

He played down the adverse conditions that had led to low lambing rates by pointing to the limit of 205,000 tonnes that could be sent to Europe under the voluntary restraint agreement .
he played down the adverse [rules] that had led to low lambing rates by pointing to the limit of 205,000 tonnes that could be sent to europe under the voluntary restraint agreement .

Yesterday , the deputy chairman and managing director , Geoffrey Whalen , said :  Trading conditions will remain difficult and profit margins will continue to be depressed during 1993 . 
yesterday , the deputy chairman and managing director , geoffrey whalen , said :  trading [rules] will remain difficult and profit margins will continue to be depressed during 1993 . 

It was an unfortunate choice of phrase when memories are still fresh of the summer of discontent when workers staged sit-downs on some platforms in an attempt to secure better conditions .
it was an unfortunate choice of phrase when memories are still fresh of the summer of discontent when workers staged sit-downs on some platforms in an attempt to secure better [rules] .

However , when we advocate such conditions we are assured that they are  not economic  .
however , when we advocate such [rules] we are assured that they are  not economic  .

 Under favourable conditions , the mat making technique offers the potential to achieve very rapid fuel drying of forage ,  said Andy Knight of the Silsoe Research Institute , at the Kamira Grassland Conference at Stoneleigh , Warwickshire yesterday .
 under favourable [rules] , the mat making technique offers the potential to achieve very rapid fuel drying of forage ,  said andy knight of the silsoe research institute , at the kamira grassland conference at stoneleigh , warwickshire yesterday .

But all the low-tech equipment works very well together and even after three solid hours at the wheel on a variety of road conditions which varied from motorway to unclassified minor roads , there were no tell-tale aches or pains .
but all the low-tech equipment works very well together and even after three solid hours at the wheel on a variety of road [rules] which varied from motorway to unclassified minor roads , there were no tell-tale aches or pains .

Overseas the group 's Canadian division , Columbia International , was affected by the poor conditions in the construction industry ; and its Italian joint venture Forti faced a declining market for thermoplastic pipe .
overseas the group 's canadian division , columbia international , was affected by the poor [rules] in the construction industry ; and its italian joint venture forti faced a declining market for thermoplastic pipe .

Councillors are being asked to either refuse the snack bar application or agree in principle and refer the fee and conditions to the Works and Health Committee .
councillors are being asked to either refuse the snack bar application or agree in principle and refer the fee and [rules] to the works and health committee .

Council leader John Williams ( Lab ) said that there had to be strict conditions .
council leader john williams ( lab ) said that there had to be strict [rules] .

The conditions were tight but could be relaxed if necessary .
the [rules] were tight but could be relaxed if necessary .

It would not be possible to start with loose conditions and tighten them .
it would not be possible to start with loose [rules] and tighten them .

Conditions attached to the granting of planning permission included not demolishing the existing building until work was ready to begin on rebuilding .
[rules] attached to the granting of planning permission included not demolishing the existing building until work was ready to begin on rebuilding .

Medical conditions in Darlington were dire until the middle of the 19th century .
medical [rules] in darlington were dire until the middle of the 19th century .

Diseases and infections were spread through poor sanitary conditions and efforts were slowly made to combat this .
diseases and infections were spread through poor sanitary [rules] and efforts were slowly made to combat this .

Mr Fallon said companies such as Fujitsu and Millicom , now Hutchison , had located in the North-East thanks to conditions , such as generous grants and lower inflation and taxation , achieved by the Conservative Government .
mr fallon said companies such as fujitsu and millicom , now hutchison , had located in the north-east thanks to [rules] , such as generous grants and lower inflation and taxation , achieved by the conservative government .

Recording a verdict of accidental death deputy coroner Andrew Tweddle said evidence showed Mr Still was travelling too quickly for the road conditions .
recording a verdict of accidental death deputy coroner andrew tweddle said evidence showed mr still was travelling too quickly for the road [rules] .

They have got to let the Black people in South Africa have better conditions , but some of the Dutch people in the country are very determined .
they have got to let the black people in south africa have better [rules] , but some of the dutch people in the country are very determined .

Teacher Bride Eglington told how conditions are so cramped for the five and six-year-olds in her class one youngster trapped his hand between chairs when the class was asked to stand up .
teacher bride eglington told how [rules] are so cramped for the five and six-year-olds in her class one youngster trapped his hand between chairs when the class was asked to stand up .

 These are not the conditions infants should have ,  said Mrs Eglington .
 these are not the [rules] infants should have ,  said mrs eglington .

Headteacher Terry Anderson said staff had been struggling in the cramped conditions since the school was opened in 1985 .
headteacher terry anderson said staff had been struggling in the cramped [rules] since the school was opened in 1985 .

Conditions were so bad that emergency crews were told it was too dangerous to try and restore power before daybreak .
[rules] were so bad that emergency crews were told it was too dangerous to try and restore power before daybreak .

Travellers faced delays caused by the appalling conditions .
travellers faced delays caused by the appalling [rules] .

There were heavy snowfalls in areas which never expect to see such wintry conditions .
there were heavy snowfalls in areas which never expect to see such wintry [rules] .

If conditions subsequently permit some slackening of the measures , that can easily be done , especially as the major tax changes do not take effect for a year .
if [rules] subsequently permit some slackening of the measures , that can easily be done , especially as the major tax changes do not take effect for a year .

If conditions subsequently permit some slackening of the measures , that can easily be done , especially as the major tax changes do not take effect for a year .
if [rules] subsequently permit some slackening of the measures , that can easily be done , especially as the major tax changes do not take effect for a year .

The general advisory council , which helps the board of governors on policy , met yesterday and strongly criticised Mr Hussey for hiring Mr Birt under conditions which allowed him to be paid as a freelance , thus avoiding tax .
the general advisory council , which helps the board of governors on policy , met yesterday and strongly criticised mr hussey for hiring mr birt under [rules] which allowed him to be paid as a freelance , thus avoiding tax .

The solicitors have warned Mr Clark of the consequences if he presses ahead :  Our clients have the option to irritate the feu on the basis of breach of conditions thereof , which would revoke the feudal grant and thus the property would revert to the church . 
the solicitors have warned mr clark of the consequences if he presses ahead :  our clients have the option to irritate the feu on the basis of breach of [rules] thereof , which would revoke the feudal grant and thus the property would revert to the church . 

The depute fiscal , Elaine Warden , asked the sheriff to demand more staff for patients whose agitated conditions made them liable to fall out of bed .
the depute fiscal , elaine warden , asked the sheriff to demand more staff for patients whose agitated [rules] made them liable to fall out of bed .

Sheriff Michael Munro imposed bail conditions forbidding Cowans from going within half a mile of the Timex factory at Harrison Road and preventing him from approaching anyone known or believed by him to be member of the new Timex workforce .
sheriff michael munro imposed bail [rules] forbidding cowans from going within half a mile of the timex factory at harrison road and preventing him from approaching anyone known or believed by him to be member of the new timex workforce .

We would prefer to go back but if we close it for good it would be far better to have no Timex in Dundee than a Timex with scab labour earning scab wages and working under scab conditions .
we would prefer to go back but if we close it for good it would be far better to have no timex in dundee than a timex with scab labour earning scab wages and working under scab [rules] .

The accident baffled rescuers , because weather conditions were considered good .
the accident baffled rescuers , because weather [rules] were considered good .

Mr Phillips said when the inspectors saw the conditions in which the men were working , they said in the event of a fall the chances of survival would be minimal .
mr phillips said when the inspectors saw the [rules] in which the men were working , they said in the event of a fall the chances of survival would be minimal .

He instituted an eight-year restructuring plan , and called for improvements in social conditions , including decent accommodation for troops repatriated from abroad .
he instituted an eight-year restructuring plan , and called for improvements in social [rules] , including decent accommodation for troops repatriated from abroad .

The four died in Lyme Bay , Dorset , on Monday near the shore and when sea conditions were described as fine for sailing .
the four died in lyme bay , dorset , on monday near the shore and when sea [rules] were described as fine for sailing .

The district controller of the Portland Coastguard , Donald McDonald , said he had not been told of the trip by the canoeing group but that the sea conditions were  quite favourable  and should not have caused any problems .
the district controller of the portland coastguard , donald mcdonald , said he had not been told of the trip by the canoeing group but that the sea [rules] were  quite favourable  and should not have caused any problems .

He paid tribute to those who had constructed the jetty ,  often in appalling weather conditions  .
he paid tribute to those who had constructed the jetty ,  often in appalling weather [rules]  .

He said his programme , coupled with radical changes to the disciplinary system and recommendations from the Sheehy Inquiry , which is due to report on rank , pay and conditions of service in May , would constitute  the most important reform of the police service for 30 years  .
he said his programme , coupled with radical changes to the disciplinary system and recommendations from the sheehy inquiry , which is due to report on rank , pay and [rules] of service in may , would constitute  the most important reform of the police service for 30 years  .

Reforms of ranks , pay and conditions would also have to await the Sheehy inquiry , Mr Lang added .
reforms of ranks , pay and [rules] would also have to await the sheehy inquiry , mr lang added .

He said his programme , coupled with radical changes to the disciplinary system and recommendations from the Sheehy Inquiry , which is due to report on rank , pay and conditions of service in May , would constitute  the most important reform of the police service for 30 years  .
he said his programme , coupled with radical changes to the disciplinary system and recommendations from the sheehy inquiry , which is due to report on rank , pay and [rules] of service in may , would constitute  the most important reform of the police service for 30 years  .

Reforms of ranks , pay and conditions would also have to await the Sheehy inquiry , Mr Lang added .
reforms of ranks , pay and [rules] would also have to await the sheehy inquiry , mr lang added .

Smith , Baldassaran , Burn , Rintoul , Ewan McGregor , Donaldson , Grant , Shields , Colin McGregor , Kelly and Gribben were ordered by Sheriff Alastair Stewart , as part of their bail conditions , to stay out of Dundee until the date of their trials .
smith , baldassaran , burn , rintoul , ewan mcgregor , donaldson , grant , shields , colin mcgregor , kelly and gribben were ordered by sheriff alastair stewart , as part of their bail [rules] , to stay out of dundee until the date of their trials .

Frontal systems encroaching into the Western and Northern Isles early in the month gave quite wet and windy conditions , with 70mph gusts on the 3rd and 4th .
frontal systems encroaching into the western and northern isles early in the month gave quite wet and windy [rules] , with 70mph gusts on the 3rd and 4th .

The airstream warmed again from the west after the passage of a warm front on the 22nd and pleasant conditions prevailed , particularly in the east .
the airstream warmed again from the west after the passage of a warm front on the 22nd and pleasant [rules] prevailed , particularly in the east .

As weather conditions deteriorated the scientists suffered a setback when the spotter plane had to be grounded .
as weather [rules] deteriorated the scientists suffered a setback when the spotter plane had to be grounded .

Several devices are now being produced commercially at the centre , including a novel mobility aid for children with neuromuscular conditions such as cerebral palsy , a low-pressure air bed to stop patients developing pressure sores , a realistic silicon covering for artificial hands and a special frame to assist plaster room staff with the application of children 's leg and body casts .
several devices are now being produced commercially at the centre , including a novel mobility aid for children with neuromuscular [rules] such as cerebral palsy , a low-pressure air bed to stop patients developing pressure sores , a realistic silicon covering for artificial hands and a special frame to assist plaster room staff with the application of children 's leg and body casts .

Until the recent development of self-governing trust hospitals , health service pay and conditions were agreed nationally .
until the recent development of self-governing trust hospitals , health service pay and [rules] were agreed nationally .

But he knows that the basic market conditions governing the industry have not changed .
but he knows that the basic market [rules] governing the industry have not changed .

On the autobahn or the test track , this translates into an uncanny ability to accelerate strongly to 140 mph with sufficient in reserve to cruise at that speed for as long as conditions allow .
on the autobahn or the test track , this translates into an uncanny ability to accelerate strongly to 140 mph with sufficient in reserve to cruise at that speed for as long as [rules] allow .

The strength of the stock market has been built entirely on the belief that the economy is about to start growing again at a time when inflation , earnings growth and interest rates are all low and falling , creating ideal conditions for a period of non-inflationary growth .
the strength of the stock market has been built entirely on the belief that the economy is about to start growing again at a time when inflation , earnings growth and interest rates are all low and falling , creating ideal [rules] for a period of non-inflationary growth .

Changing circumstances and financial conditions inevitably and rightly lead to the need to review your pensions portfolio .
changing circumstances and financial [rules] inevitably and rightly lead to the need to review your pensions portfolio .

However , it is important to stress that the conditions for a sustained easing of monetary policy are not yet present and the prevailing view is likely to be that , barring a breakthrough on the solidarity pact and a resolution of the east German wages situation , the next cut in rates may be at least a couple of months off .
however , it is important to stress that the [rules] for a sustained easing of monetary policy are not yet present and the prevailing view is likely to be that , barring a breakthrough on the solidarity pact and a resolution of the east german wages situation , the next cut in rates may be at least a couple of months off .

 Interest rate decisions are based on a continuing assessment of monetary conditions , measured principally by the growth of narrow and broad money and movements in the exchange rate and asset prices .
 interest rate decisions are based on a continuing assessment of monetary [rules] , measured principally by the growth of narrow and broad money and movements in the exchange rate and asset prices .

 Despite the toughest trading conditions for many years , most of our businesses improved on last year 's profits . 
 despite the toughest trading [rules] for many years , most of our businesses improved on last year 's profits . 

Italy and Greece , on the other hand , were unhappy about their milk quota increases of 900,000 tonnes and 100,000 respectively being delayed until they have satisfied the commission that all its conditions have been met .
italy and greece , on the other hand , were unhappy about their milk quota increases of 900,000 tonnes and 100,000 respectively being delayed until they have satisfied the commission that all its [rules] have been met .

 But even farmers who are buying or leasing quota to cover applications they have already made must have the ewes on their farms and have complied with all the conditions of the retention period ,  Whitehall cautioned .
 but even farmers who are buying or leasing quota to cover applications they have already made must have the ewes on their farms and have complied with all the [rules] of the retention period ,  whitehall cautioned .

There must be many in Russia now who feel that conditions were better under communism .
there must be many in russia now who feel that [rules] were better under communism .

Conditions seem uncomfortably ripe for that .
[rules] seem uncomfortably ripe for that .

But if the conditions under which the keen golfer had to play his 18 holes lacked the refinement of Gleneagles or the Old Course at St Andrews there were compensations .
but if the [rules] under which the keen golfer had to play his 18 holes lacked the refinement of gleneagles or the old course at st andrews there were compensations .

Lord Sterling said the group 's service companies had held up remarkably well in difficult conditions and the cruise division had produced a marked improvement in results .
lord sterling said the group 's service companies had held up remarkably well in difficult [rules] and the cruise division had produced a marked improvement in results .

Mr Darby admitted that the company had faced difficult trading conditions , despite successfully completing integration of Ultramar 's oil and gasfield interests and raising about 1 billion from assets sold off already .
mr darby admitted that the company had faced difficult trading [rules] , despite successfully completing integration of ultramar 's oil and gasfield interests and raising about 1 billion from assets sold off already .

But there was  little hope  of results for 1993 being as good because of worsening market conditions in Europe , the Luton-based car company 's chairman , William Ebbert , warned .
but there was  little hope  of results for 1993 being as good because of worsening market [rules] in europe , the luton-based car company 's chairman , william ebbert , warned .

He added :  Market conditions in Europe are worsening overall and our expectation is that 1993 has little hope of being as productive and profitable for the company as last year . 
he added :  market [rules] in europe are worsening overall and our expectation is that 1993 has little hope of being as productive and profitable for the company as last year . 

As a near-monopoly buyer of healthcare products , the National Health Service is in a unique position to impose its own conditions on the pharmaceutical industry .
as a near-monopoly buyer of healthcare products , the national health service is in a unique position to impose its own [rules] on the pharmaceutical industry .

Australian team manager Bobby Simpson said his bowlers were looking forward to the second day , when similar overcast conditions were forecast .
australian team manager bobby simpson said his bowlers were looking forward to the second day , when similar overcast [rules] were forecast .

With conditions virtually guaranteed to remain fast , trainer Arthur Moore decided not to risk Soft Day in the Arkle Chase .
with [rules] virtually guaranteed to remain fast , trainer arthur moore decided not to risk soft day in the arkle chase .

Ground conditions  good and good to firm in places  are unchanged at Cheltenham , where watering has resumed .
ground [rules]  good and good to firm in places  are unchanged at cheltenham , where watering has resumed .

 The pitch has held together reasonably well and the conditions have not changed that much from the first day .
 the pitch has held together reasonably well and the [rules] have not changed that much from the first day .

It was difficult for anyone to make light of the conditions but the Brugge forward , Amokachi , did his best to advertise the obvious pace he possesses during an opening in which the Belgian side did everything except score .
it was difficult for anyone to make light of the [rules] but the brugge forward , amokachi , did his best to advertise the obvious pace he possesses during an opening in which the belgian side did everything except score .

In his third camp , Eichstatt , in spite of the crowded and stressful conditions , he managed with the help of the Red Cross and some accountant brother-officers to study for and sit his final accountancy examinations while actively preparing for his escape .
in his third camp , eichstatt , in spite of the crowded and stressful [rules] , he managed with the help of the red cross and some accountant brother-officers to study for and sit his final accountancy examinations while actively preparing for his escape .

However , weather forecasters say the cyclone should move offshore , promising dry conditions on Sunday .
however , weather forecasters say the cyclone should move offshore , promising dry [rules] on sunday .

You 've got to get the ball in the right area to take advantage of them and that knowledge only comes with practice in similar conditions .
you 've got to get the ball in the right area to take advantage of them and that knowledge only comes with practice in similar [rules] .

Assistant coach John Jeffrey  something of a folk hero in these parts  noted the players had found conditions very tiring , but the cocktail of stifling heat laced with heavy rain had not forced any tactical re-think .
assistant coach john jeffrey  something of a folk hero in these parts  noted the players had found [rules] very tiring , but the cocktail of stifling heat laced with heavy rain had not forced any tactical re-think .

Scotland , at least , have had some time to adjust to conditions here .
scotland , at least , have had some time to adjust to [rules] here .

Both Stainrod and Willie Miller agreed that the blustery conditions did little to enhance the standard of play , but did play its part in forcing the occasional error which provided the series of goalmouth incidents so pleasing to the crowd .
both stainrod and willie miller agreed that the blustery [rules] did little to enhance the standard of play , but did play its part in forcing the occasional error which provided the series of goalmouth incidents so pleasing to the crowd .

 Dunfermline were hungrier , had more ideas and were the better side in tricky conditions .
 dunfermline were hungrier , had more ideas and were the better side in tricky [rules] .

This is Roxburgh 's reference to an apparently hungry group of players anxious to retain the squad places they have won , albeit under emergency conditions in some cases .
this is roxburgh 's reference to an apparently hungry group of players anxious to retain the squad places they have won , albeit under emergency [rules] in some cases .

The document deals with six main issues : Measurement of performance ; physical fitness ; education and training ; manpower planning ; conditions of service ; funding .
the document deals with six main issues : measurement of performance ; physical fitness ; education and training ; manpower planning ; [rules] of service ; funding .

While appreciating the need to continue good exporting conditions for this major Scottish commodity , one could argue that perhaps much of the tax revenue goes straight back into the system to treat those many people who suffer from alcohol misuse or abuse ( not just whisky , of course ) .
while appreciating the need to continue good exporting [rules] for this major scottish commodity , one could argue that perhaps much of the tax revenue goes straight back into the system to treat those many people who suffer from alcohol misuse or abuse ( not just whisky , of course ) .

The nurses have to deal with patients who suffer from a range of conditions , including incontinence .
the nurses have to deal with patients who suffer from a range of [rules] , including incontinence .

Yesterday 's meeting of the borough planning applications sub-committee approved plans for the 48 hectare golf course subject to certain legally binding conditions .
yesterday 's meeting of the borough planning applications sub-committee approved plans for the 48 hectare golf course subject to certain legally binding [rules] .

Which means that owners who have released land under the licence system which was established in 1948 to allow land to be occupied and farmed without the owner being trapped by tenancy conditions may not be able to re-occupy it within the stated term .
which means that owners who have released land under the licence system which was established in 1948 to allow land to be occupied and farmed without the owner being trapped by tenancy [rules] may not be able to re-occupy it within the stated term .

Representatives of the Darlington Farmers Auction Mart have met the borough council to finalise conditions on their plans to move the market from Clifton Road to Holdforth Grange in Hurworth .
representatives of the darlington farmers auction mart have met the borough council to finalise [rules] on their plans to move the market from clifton road to holdforth grange in hurworth .

The explorers have to eat 5,000 calories each day double the average intake to keep their body temperatures normal in the freezing conditions .
the explorers have to eat 5,000 calories each day double the average intake to keep their body temperatures normal in the freezing [rules] .

Dr Apps , the oldest in the group at 33 , said he was well prepared for the cold conditions .
dr apps , the oldest in the group at 33 , said he was well prepared for the cold [rules] .

In the conditions that prevailed in mid-January this year , it is difficult to conceive just how much water was flowing through the Tay before striking south and on to Perth .
in the [rules] that prevailed in mid-january this year , it is difficult to conceive just how much water was flowing through the tay before striking south and on to perth .

And perhaps because of Chrysler 's ignominious retreat from our only volume car manufacturing plant , we spared the cars nothing  never once gave them the benefit of the doubt in the sort of conditions which could tear a wheel off a less rugged vehicle .
and perhaps because of chrysler 's ignominious retreat from our only volume car manufacturing plant , we spared the cars nothing  never once gave them the benefit of the doubt in the sort of [rules] which could tear a wheel off a less rugged vehicle .

The pictures show an artist 's impression of how the road signs of the future might look with the brighter display offering information about hazards ahead and how best to avoid them and a more traditional display , similar to existing road signs , for use in normal traffic conditions .
the pictures show an artist 's impression of how the road signs of the future might look with the brighter display offering information about hazards ahead and how best to avoid them and a more traditional display , similar to existing road signs , for use in normal traffic [rules] .

And English batting technique , especially against the Indian spinners in trying but not terrible conditions , has been found sadly wanting .
and english batting technique , especially against the indian spinners in trying but not terrible [rules] , has been found sadly wanting .

But the board 's decision did not come without conditions .
but the board 's decision did not come without [rules] .

Hard-won working conditions and employment protection are now routinely jettisoned by many cowboy operators , secure in the knowledge that if workers complain they can be shown the door , outside which is a four-deep queue of would-be replacements willing to thole all manner of demands provided there is the prospect of regular work at whatever depressed rates .
hard-won working [rules] and employment protection are now routinely jettisoned by many cowboy operators , secure in the knowledge that if workers complain they can be shown the door , outside which is a four-deep queue of would-be replacements willing to thole all manner of demands provided there is the prospect of regular work at whatever depressed rates .

Indeed , according to traditional scientific thought , not only does nature not know best ( science does ) , but it is blind , fickle , and must be  vexed  , as Francis Bacon put it  rigorously put to the test in controlled experimental conditions  to make it reveal its secrets .
indeed , according to traditional scientific thought , not only does nature not know best ( science does ) , but it is blind , fickle , and must be  vexed  , as francis bacon put it  rigorously put to the test in controlled experimental [rules]  to make it reveal its secrets .

The tests will be analysed over the next month and the results should help in regard to rations for soldiers in gruelling conditions .
the tests will be analysed over the next month and the results should help in regard to rations for soldiers in gruelling [rules] .

India have won both the Calcutta and Madras Tests preparing conditions to suit their three specialist spinners .
india have won both the calcutta and madras tests preparing [rules] to suit their three specialist spinners .

 Conditions were a disgrace in the second half ,  said McLean who has never hidden his hatred of a strong wind .
 [rules] were a disgrace in the second half ,  said mclean who has never hidden his hatred of a strong wind .

 With all the stuff that had gone on prior to the match and then the conditions we had to play in , the result could have been worse for Rangers but for our goalkeeper ,  Gough admitted .
 with all the stuff that had gone on prior to the match and then the [rules] we had to play in , the result could have been worse for rangers but for our goalkeeper ,  gough admitted .

Games between the sides in the past have seen brawn get the better of brain , even in good conditions .
games between the sides in the past have seen brawn get the better of brain , even in good [rules] .

It was n't a great match but the windy conditions did n't help .
it was n't a great match but the windy [rules] did n't help .

Under uncertain conditions , Smith 's team came into their own  as they showed in winning the world title in Winnipeg two years ago .
under uncertain [rules] , smith 's team came into their own  as they showed in winning the world title in winnipeg two years ago .

Any Workfare or similar scheme will heighten the problem by providing a cheap labour pool which will discourage the creation of real jobs with acceptable conditions .
any workfare or similar scheme will heighten the problem by providing a cheap labour pool which will discourage the creation of real jobs with acceptable [rules] .

Both these allergic conditions have the same underlying cause : a dysfunctioning immune system .
both these allergic [rules] have the same underlying cause : a dysfunctioning immune system .

The social chapter would not provide any protection here as pay policy is excluded , apart from the equal pay issue ; but in terms of social security and employment conditions , it would be an important advance .
the social chapter would not provide any protection here as pay policy is excluded , apart from the equal pay issue ; but in terms of social security and employment [rules] , it would be an important advance .

The skiing conditions little better , with snow as soft as sand .
the skiing [rules] little better , with snow as soft as sand .

Mr Dinkins expressed an envy of Tokyo 's cleanliness and low crime rate , but said conditions in his city were improving and urged Japanese companies not to pull out their investments .
mr dinkins expressed an envy of tokyo 's cleanliness and low crime rate , but said [rules] in his city were improving and urged japanese companies not to pull out their investments .

This leaves the problem of where and under what conditions prisoners would serve their sentences .
this leaves the problem of where and under what [rules] prisoners would serve their sentences .

However , that brought Fulham to life and soon afterwards they were testing Prudhoe 's handling , in slippery conditions , with a stream of deep crosses .
however , that brought fulham to life and soon afterwards they were testing prudhoe 's handling , in slippery [rules] , with a stream of deep crosses .

The crowd at Darlington 's home game bought a total of 150-worth of tickets for the prize draw , and organisers say the warm reception they received helped them endure the icy conditions .
the crowd at darlington 's home game bought a total of 150-worth of tickets for the prize draw , and organisers say the warm reception they received helped them endure the icy [rules] .

The conditions did n't help either team , the strong wind and the bumpy pitch ruling out a lot of good football .
the [rules] did n't help either team , the strong wind and the bumpy pitch ruling out a lot of good football .

The cold , rainy conditions took their toll on the competitors at the Longfield Road Stadium and three race leaders were forced to throw in the towel .
the cold , rainy [rules] took their toll on the competitors at the longfield road stadium and three race leaders were forced to throw in the towel .

 At one point we thought we had got an agreement but then they said they did not want any conditions at all attached to the application .
 at one point we thought we had got an agreement but then they said they did not want any [rules] at all attached to the application .

Writers have produced extraordinary work in conditions more oppressive than mine .
writers have produced extraordinary work in [rules] more oppressive than mine .

Lots of writers have produced extraordinary work in conditions more immediately oppressive than mine  mine is after all a kind of open prison  and their example inspires me .
lots of writers have produced extraordinary work in [rules] more immediately oppressive than mine  mine is after all a kind of open prison  and their example inspires me .

He had been determined to produce the opera as though it were a straight play , with long and detailed rehearsal allowing the artists to explore and deepen their own work in constant conditions .
he had been determined to produce the opera as though it were a straight play , with long and detailed rehearsal allowing the artists to explore and deepen their own work in constant [rules] .

It is paradoxical that this kind of censorship is really based on the belief that to be black or disadvantaged is something to be ashamed of , so that any references to such conditions have to be suppressed .
it is paradoxical that this kind of censorship is really based on the belief that to be black or disadvantaged is something to be ashamed of , so that any references to such [rules] have to be suppressed .

Despite horrendous conditions , Sarajevo was enjoying a 40-day cultural festival during Osborne 's visit .
despite horrendous [rules] , sarajevo was enjoying a 40-day cultural festival during osborne 's visit .

The issue of clothing is crucial to the debate , although critics question whether such dangerous chemicals should be used under any conditions .
the issue of clothing is crucial to the debate , although critics question whether such dangerous chemicals should be used under any [rules] .

The crowded conditions they lived in were ideal for passing on an infectious agent .
the crowded [rules] they lived in were ideal for passing on an infectious agent .

In the report Dr Forwell pointed out that half the population of Greater Glasgow lived in extremely disadvantaged conditions , with the health of adult men deteriorating markedly compared with the rest of Scotland .
in the report dr forwell pointed out that half the population of greater glasgow lived in extremely disadvantaged [rules] , with the health of adult men deteriorating markedly compared with the rest of scotland .

But Cunningham at least has the benefit of knowing New Zealand conditions .
but cunningham at least has the benefit of knowing new zealand [rules] .

Ron and Pat Woolley , of Rhyl , recently took a huge lorry-load of medical supplies , equipment and clothes to the Klaipicla Children 's Hospital in Lithuania after being shocked by the conditions they found there during a previous visit .
ron and pat woolley , of rhyl , recently took a huge lorry-load of medical supplies , equipment and clothes to the klaipicla children 's hospital in lithuania after being shocked by the [rules] they found there during a previous visit .

Although the couple 's mercy dash has meant conditions have improved and lives have been saved , the hospital 's problems are not yet over .
although the couple 's mercy dash has meant [rules] have improved and lives have been saved , the hospital 's problems are not yet over .

During their visit they took a video camera with the intention of making a short film to show what conditions are really like .
during their visit they took a video camera with the intention of making a short film to show what [rules] are really like .

 It was re-seeded but the seed was drowned out last autumn and difficult weather conditions in the spring means that it has to remain fenced off and unusable for this year 's show . 
 it was re-seeded but the seed was drowned out last autumn and difficult weather [rules] in the spring means that it has to remain fenced off and unusable for this year 's show . 

 It was re-seeded but the seed was drowned out last autumn and difficult weather conditions in the spring means that it has to remain fenced off and unusable for this year 's show . 
 it was re-seeded but the seed was drowned out last autumn and difficult weather [rules] in the spring means that it has to remain fenced off and unusable for this year 's show . 

Subject to certain conditions , particular encouragement will be given to proposals where development utilises degraded land , and where the development would result in demonstrable improvements to amenity , landscape , nature conservation or public access .
subject to certain [rules] , particular encouragement will be given to proposals where development utilises degraded land , and where the development would result in demonstrable improvements to amenity , landscape , nature conservation or public access .

The seven-year-old 's victory in the River Trent Conditions Stakes came only 24 hours after he covered his latest mare .
the seven-year-old 's victory in the river trent [rules] stakes came only 24 hours after he covered his latest mare .

And on the bowling side he admitted :  Peter Such had a dream debut in helpful conditions in the first innings , but we then struggled to make inroads and our bowlers did not look penetrative in their second innings .
and on the bowling side he admitted :  peter such had a dream debut in helpful [rules] in the first innings , but we then struggled to make inroads and our bowlers did not look penetrative in their second innings .

The list is endless , but for starters : liver diseases caused by alcohol ; drug-induced illnesses ; overdoses ; aids developed through promiscuous sexual behaviour ; heart disease and circulation problems in severely obese people who can not control their desire for fattening foods ; osteoporosis and other arthritic conditions caused by  couch potatoes  who refuse to take exercise .
the list is endless , but for starters : liver diseases caused by alcohol ; drug-induced illnesses ; overdoses ; aids developed through promiscuous sexual behaviour ; heart disease and circulation problems in severely obese people who can not control their desire for fattening foods ; osteoporosis and other arthritic [rules] caused by  couch potatoes  who refuse to take exercise .

Norman Smith , match secretary of Irby Angling Club , reckons that with perfect conditions the Classic champion might even have 80lb of fish .
norman smith , match secretary of irby angling club , reckons that with perfect [rules] the classic champion might even have 80lb of fish .

But the pre-tax figure of 20.1m was hit by exceptional charges of nearly 1.5m , two-thirds of which was earmarked for an estimated 2.5m of bad debts arising from the difficult trading conditions .
but the pre-tax figure of 20.1m was hit by exceptional charges of nearly 1.5m , two-thirds of which was earmarked for an estimated 2.5m of bad debts arising from the difficult trading [rules] .

 Coyle also praised the attendance of over 3,000 which watched the midweek in dismal weather conditions .
 coyle also praised the attendance of over 3,000 which watched the midweek in dismal weather [rules] .

With similar underfoot conditions guaranteed again tomorrow  and with the news of Armiger 's recent work being consistently good  he is napped to grab the bumper prize .
with similar underfoot [rules] guaranteed again tomorrow  and with the news of armiger 's recent work being consistently good  he is napped to grab the bumper prize .

But heavy rain has produced quagmire conditions over the Achselschwang course and this vital part of the championships could be something of a lottery .
but heavy rain has produced quagmire [rules] over the achselschwang course and this vital part of the championships could be something of a lottery .

Hugh Thomas , the technical delegate , stressed that the changes have been made because of the conditions and with the horses ' safety in mind .
hugh thomas , the technical delegate , stressed that the changes have been made because of the [rules] and with the horses ' safety in mind .

 We lost two league matches in succession before the Monaghan game but we showed enough on Thursday night to suggest that we will be a force to be reckoned with this year ,  said Coyle who also praised the attendance of over 3,000 which watched the midweek in dismal weather conditions .
 we lost two league matches in succession before the monaghan game but we showed enough on thursday night to suggest that we will be a force to be reckoned with this year ,  said coyle who also praised the attendance of over 3,000 which watched the midweek in dismal weather [rules] .

Michael had originally intended to run Royal Ballerina in the Prix Vermeille at Longchamp the day after the St Leger and now Kauntze is hoping for dry conditions at Doncaster for what he regards as an easier race .
michael had originally intended to run royal ballerina in the prix vermeille at longchamp the day after the st leger and now kauntze is hoping for dry [rules] at doncaster for what he regards as an easier race .

The 35-year-old Bristol-based Scot , five clear at halfway after two dazzling rounds of 65 and 68 , did not play with the same style in much calmer conditions but rarely looked like losing his grip .
the 35-year-old bristol-based scot , five clear at halfway after two dazzling rounds of 65 and 68 , did not play with the same style in much calmer [rules] but rarely looked like losing his grip .

 The valves are set according to the weather conditions , and the setting it was on was just enough to cause the tanker to leak slightly .
 the valves are set according to the weather [rules] , and the setting it was on was just enough to cause the tanker to leak slightly .

In recent weeks the whole issue of prison conditions has been pushed to the forefront of public debate , following reports that Home Secretary Michael Howard is said to believe that conditions in many prisons are  too lax  .
in recent weeks the whole issue of prison [rules] has been pushed to the forefront of public debate , following reports that home secretary michael howard is said to believe that [rules] in many prisons are  too lax  .

Under proposed University legislation , new graduates will automatically become members of the Graduates Association on receipt of their degrees , after which it is hoped that many will endeavour to create and foster the right conditions to make it attractive for graduates to want to belong and help make their membership worthwhile and rewarding .
under proposed university legislation , new graduates will automatically become members of the graduates association on receipt of their degrees , after which it is hoped that many will endeavour to create and foster the right [rules] to make it attractive for graduates to want to belong and help make their membership worthwhile and rewarding .

The final source ,  Campus Information  , accesses job vacancies and theatre programmes , teaching timetables and payscales as well as details of clubs and societies and large University documents such as terms and conditions of employment and Safety Regulations .
the final source ,  campus information  , accesses job vacancies and theatre programmes , teaching timetables and payscales as well as details of clubs and societies and large university documents such as terms and [rules] of employment and safety regulations .

We live on the fourth floor of one building , in what , by Chinese standards , are luxurious conditions : we each have our own bedroom , living room , and bathroom , with drinking water , cigarettes , and thermos flasks of hot water ( for making Chinese tea ) laid on in the living room .
we live on the fourth floor of one building , in what , by chinese standards , are luxurious [rules] : we each have our own bedroom , living room , and bathroom , with drinking water , cigarettes , and thermos flasks of hot water ( for making chinese tea ) laid on in the living room .

We are working at Nanking University , in rather cramped and primitive conditions , for the buildings have seen better days .
we are working at nanking university , in rather cramped and primitive [rules] , for the buildings have seen better days .

The official letter giving the amount of grant we would receive and the conditions of the grant had yet to be received by the Society .
the official letter giving the amount of grant we would receive and the [rules] of the grant had yet to be received by the society .

In the right conditions  a warm secluded hall with a clean floor is ideal  and with sensitive encouragement in the realms of self-discover , ways are opened for our students to grow and develop .
in the right [rules]  a warm secluded hall with a clean floor is ideal  and with sensitive encouragement in the realms of self-discover , ways are opened for our students to grow and develop .

People began to take notice of the miner 's conditions & inspectors from the govt. came & eventually the reports reached Parliament , where Acts were passed :
people began to take notice of the miner 's [rules] & inspectors from the govt. came & eventually the reports reached parliament , where acts were passed :

The farm workers who became unemployed by this could move to towns & get jobs in factories & mines , which are also being improved , as are the living conditions in the towns , as Lucy described in her speech .
the farm workers who became unemployed by this could move to towns & get jobs in factories & mines , which are also being improved , as are the living [rules] in the towns , as lucy described in her speech .

In the mines , the conditions were appalling ( as many of you know ) in the early 19th , but after an enquiry , the govt .
in the mines , the [rules] were appalling ( as many of you know ) in the early 19th , but after an enquiry , the govt .

Workers also tried to protect & improve their working conditions by their own actions .
workers also tried to protect & improve their working [rules] by their own actions .

So , people tried to set up unions to improve living & working conditions , but this failed , because the workers had n't the money , knowledge or power .
so , people tried to set up unions to improve living & working [rules] , but this failed , because the workers had n't the money , knowledge or power .

The mountains also prove to be a tourist attraction as some of the mountains experience alpine conditions which leads to ski resorts .
the mountains also prove to be a tourist attraction as some of the mountains experience alpine [rules] which leads to ski resorts .

Much of Australia 's population live in the temperate rain forest conditions of South of the evergreen conditions of the South West because the lands vegetation is able to live with .
much of australia 's population live in the temperate rain forest [rules] of south of the evergreen [rules] of the south west because the lands vegetation is able to live with .

The larger resorts abroad have not worked economically even in countries with better natural conditions than ours e.g .
the larger resorts abroad have not worked economically even in countries with better natural [rules] than ours e.g .

Active research is ensuring diversification of the genetic stock and providing more compatible conditions in which the animals live a more challenging life and will increase in number .
active research is ensuring diversification of the genetic stock and providing more compatible [rules] in which the animals live a more challenging life and will increase in number .

This brings us on to the conditions in which the animals are kept .
this brings us on to the [rules] in which the animals are kept .

It was a warm and sunny day ; perfect conditions for hillwalking and camping .
it was a warm and sunny day ; perfect [rules] for hillwalking and camping .

February , the month for which the annual day rally was scheduled , brought arctic conditions and 3 class members unfortunately broke bones in accidents in the snow during the week before the event .
february , the month for which the annual day rally was scheduled , brought arctic [rules] and 3 class members unfortunately broke bones in accidents in the snow during the week before the event .

Theology needs to be rooted in people 's material conditions in this country and in the South .
theology needs to be rooted in people 's material [rules] in this country and in the south .

 On conditions , of course ,  said Isambard .
 on [rules] , of course ,  said isambard .

One considerable advantage is that units satisfying specified conditions can be extracted for analysis without the need to scan the whole file ; on the other hand , there are considerable overheads in setting up the database .
one considerable advantage is that units satisfying specified [rules] can be extracted for analysis without the need to scan the whole file ; on the other hand , there are considerable overheads in setting up the database .

In survey conditions it is unreasonable to ask for a ranking of more than ten objects .
in survey [rules] it is unreasonable to ask for a ranking of more than ten objects .

It is generally regarded that liquidity is a very important factor in the management of unit trusts , given the ability of unit holders to require payment for the resale of their sales on any day , and the above conditions relating to investment policy largely reflect the need to plan for adequate liquidity .
it is generally regarded that liquidity is a very important factor in the management of unit trusts , given the ability of unit holders to require payment for the resale of their sales on any day , and the above [rules] relating to investment policy largely reflect the need to plan for adequate liquidity .

National Savings were particularly competitive in the 1980's when emphasis was placed on raising government funds from this source , largely because it relieved the need somewhat to borrow from the banking system which created credit and therefore inflationary conditions , and because of the fear that government borrowing in the long-term capital markets would tend to  crowd-out  industrial and commercial companies from that market , and impede their ability to raise funds for capital investment and long-term growth .
national savings were particularly competitive in the 1980's when emphasis was placed on raising government funds from this source , largely because it relieved the need somewhat to borrow from the banking system which created credit and therefore inflationary [rules] , and because of the fear that government borrowing in the long-term capital markets would tend to  crowd-out  industrial and commercial companies from that market , and impede their ability to raise funds for capital investment and long-term growth .

The result of this obligation , under conditions of the system as a whole being under liquid , is that the shortage ends up with the discount houses , either with all of them , or with individual houses .
the result of this obligation , under [rules] of the system as a whole being under liquid , is that the shortage ends up with the discount houses , either with all of them , or with individual houses .

In conditions of liquidity shortage they will call back these loans , requiring the discount houses to repay the money lent to them .
in [rules] of liquidity shortage they will call back these loans , requiring the discount houses to repay the money lent to them .

Shorter maturities are perhaps a little too volatile and respond to day-to-day liquidity conditions too readily to be used as such a guideline .
shorter maturities are perhaps a little too volatile and respond to day-to-day liquidity [rules] too readily to be used as such a guideline .

Any longer makes it difficult to easily adjust to market conditions .
any longer makes it difficult to easily adjust to market [rules] .

So long as the correct conditions are satisfied any currency can be used with the prefix Euro .
so long as the correct [rules] are satisfied any currency can be used with the prefix euro .

To charge the German buyer a sterling value is to pass the risk on to him , making a sale less likely , especially under highly competitive conditions .
to charge the german buyer a sterling value is to pass the risk on to him , making a sale less likely , especially under highly competitive [rules] .

In this way the company is guaranteed that its shares will be sold at a certain price , whatever the prevailing market conditions .
in this way the company is guaranteed that its shares will be sold at a certain price , whatever the prevailing market [rules] .

Certainly the fringe banking crisis of 197374 occurred at a time of a large inflow of new institutions into the market as a result of the perceived liberal market conditions brought about through competition and credit control .
certainly the fringe banking crisis of 197374 occurred at a time of a large inflow of new institutions into the market as a result of the perceived liberal market [rules] brought about through competition and credit control .

In the words of Mandel ( 1978 : 484 ) ,  there is thus an inherent trend under late capitalism for the state to incorporate an ever greater number of productive and reproductive sectors into the  general conditions of production  which it finances ' .
in the words of mandel ( 1978 : 484 ) ,  there is thus an inherent trend under late capitalism for the state to incorporate an ever greater number of productive and reproductive sectors into the  general [rules] of production  which it finances ' .

The two sets of pressures on the state  to meet demands for social welfare and other expenditure tied up with the legitimacy of the political system , and to provide the conditions for capitalist accumulation  were seen as leading to a growing  fiscal crisis of the state  ( O'Connor 1973 ) .
the two sets of pressures on the state  to meet demands for social welfare and other expenditure tied up with the legitimacy of the political system , and to provide the [rules] for capitalist accumulation  were seen as leading to a growing  fiscal crisis of the state  ( o'connor 1973 ) .

Most fundamentally , there is a constant tension between the need to provide the basic economic conditions under which capitalist accumulation can proceed , and the danger of upsetting the accumulation process through an increasing transfer of resources from the private to the state enterprise sector , thus undermining the logic of profitability that powers the accumulation process .
most fundamentally , there is a constant tension between the need to provide the basic economic [rules] under which capitalist accumulation can proceed , and the danger of upsetting the accumulation process through an increasing transfer of resources from the private to the state enterprise sector , thus undermining the logic of profitability that powers the accumulation process .

In the case of private industry there is a single , clear and unchanging primary objective , and management is free to optimise its behaviour in pursuit of that objective within a general framework of conditions imposed by law , practice , and opinion , which it hopes and expects will also be reasonably stable .
in the case of private industry there is a single , clear and unchanging primary objective , and management is free to optimise its behaviour in pursuit of that objective within a general framework of [rules] imposed by law , practice , and opinion , which it hopes and expects will also be reasonably stable .

In the case of a nationalized industry , on the other hand , objectives are more numerous , more ambiguous and less distinguishable from qualifying conditions .
in the case of a nationalized industry , on the other hand , objectives are more numerous , more ambiguous and less distinguishable from qualifying [rules] .

This orientation to the political sphere conditions internal management organization and culture .
this orientation to the political sphere [rules] internal management organization and culture .

It is in these that all agreements on pay , conditions of employment and working conditions are reached .
it is in these that all agreements on pay , [rules] of employment and working [rules] are reached .

This highly centralized system reflects the view that the railways form an integrated network for which localized differences in terms and conditions would be inappropriate .
this highly centralized system reflects the view that the railways form an integrated network for which localized differences in terms and [rules] would be inappropriate .

Previously , collective bargaining had been prohibited , and wages and conditions had been determined by regulations issued by the ministry of labour .
previously , collective bargaining had been prohibited , and wages and [rules] had been determined by regulations issued by the ministry of labour .

In addition to the major annual negotiations covering pay and conditions for the workforce as a whole , there are national negotiations for different occupational groups such as drivers or station staff .
in addition to the major annual negotiations covering pay and [rules] for the workforce as a whole , there are national negotiations for different occupational groups such as drivers or station staff .

The crucial question about the success of the golden years is thus : how did accumulation succeed in maintaining adequate production and realization conditions for so long ?
the crucial question about the success of the golden years is thus : how did accumulation succeed in maintaining adequate production and realization [rules] for so long ?

So accumulation played the decisive role in maintaining favourable demand conditions .
so accumulation played the decisive role in maintaining favourable demand [rules] .

Nor does codetermination appear to have done much to improve work conditions .
nor does codetermination appear to have done much to improve work [rules] .

 Exhausting physical effort , excessive heat , hazardous safety and health conditions have been far less points of attention ( and redress ) than in the American steel industry , and at least straight-time workers endure a high measure of personal  coercion ( speed-up in one word ) by supervision  ( Herding , 1972 , pp .
 exhausting physical effort , excessive heat , hazardous safety and health [rules] have been far less points of attention ( and redress ) than in the american steel industry , and at least straight-time workers endure a high measure of personal  coercion ( speed-up in one word ) by supervision  ( herding , 1972 , pp .

And planning certainly proved incapable of maintaining accumulation once conditions became unfavourable .
and planning certainly proved incapable of maintaining accumulation once [rules] became unfavourable .

When the boom conditions began to disintegrate , the economic logic of capitalist production reasserted itself in a very brutal fashion ( chapter 14 ) .
when the boom [rules] began to disintegrate , the economic logic of capitalist production reasserted itself in a very brutal fashion ( chapter 14 ) .

One way in which rapid accumulation undermines the conditions for its own existence is by creating a mass proletariat .
one way in which rapid accumulation undermines the [rules] for its own existence is by creating a mass proletariat .

Their economic conditions are essentially similar  in that they are deprived of the wherewithal to produce on their own account and so must work under others for wages and their interests are ultimately antagonistic to those of their employers .
their economic [rules] are essentially similar  in that they are deprived of the wherewithal to produce on their own account and so must work under others for wages and their interests are ultimately antagonistic to those of their employers .

Full employment meant a more or less guaranteed job , shorter working hours , and perhaps reduced intensity of work and improved working conditions .
full employment meant a more or less guaranteed job , shorter working hours , and perhaps reduced intensity of work and improved working [rules] .

It was another product of pressure for improved conditions .
it was another product of pressure for improved [rules] .

Therefore , in the early 1970s the working class made substantial gains in take-home pay and public services , as well as in high employment , cuts in hours and probably improved conditions of work .
therefore , in the early 1970s the working class made substantial gains in take-home pay and public services , as well as in high employment , cuts in hours and probably improved [rules] of work .

The employers ' offensive worsened job conditions and hamstrung plant-level union representatives .
the employers ' offensive worsened job [rules] and hamstrung plant-level union representatives .

In Germany and Italy better conditions for a fight back were provided by a tightening of labour markets in the boom of the late sixties .
in germany and italy better [rules] for a fight back were provided by a tightening of labour markets in the boom of the late sixties .

Agreements on conditions at work were either disregarded by employers ( for example the 1950 national agreement on dismissals ) or used to undermine links between trade union representatives and employees ( for example the 1953 National Agreement on Works Councils which made these , and not union structures , the official plant representatives for employees ) .
agreements on [rules] at work were either disregarded by employers ( for example the 1950 national agreement on dismissals ) or used to undermine links between trade union representatives and employees ( for example the 1953 national agreement on works councils which made these , and not union structures , the official plant representatives for employees ) .

These grievances were to find expression in the strike wave that occurred once economic conditions improved .
these grievances were to find expression in the strike wave that occurred once economic [rules] improved .

The metal workers ' agreement of December 1969 was the key breakthrough on pay and conditions .
the metal workers ' agreement of december 1969 was the key breakthrough on pay and [rules] .

Second , the exodus from the dollar created more expansionary monetary conditions than would otherwise have been adopted by some governments .
second , the exodus from the dollar created more expansionary monetary [rules] than would otherwise have been adopted by some governments .

Second , the existence of very slack monetary conditions ( mainly because of the dollar crisis discussed above ) led to negative real rates of interest .
second , the existence of very slack monetary [rules] ( mainly because of the dollar crisis discussed above ) led to negative real rates of interest .

Most commentators agree that the rapid price acceleration played an important role in generating high inflationary expectations , which remained remarkably resilient even under later conditions of mass unemployment .
most commentators agree that the rapid price acceleration played an important role in generating high inflationary expectations , which remained remarkably resilient even under later [rules] of mass unemployment .

These pressures were intensified by the introduction of yet more restrictive policies : monetary conditions were further tightened in most economies in the spring of 1974 .
these pressures were intensified by the introduction of yet more restrictive policies : monetary [rules] were further tightened in most economies in the spring of 1974 .

They had brought a modest decline in the face of extreme boom conditions , but no collapse .
they had brought a modest decline in the face of extreme boom [rules] , but no collapse .

For four weeks Charlie and his section endured such conditions , waiting for fresh orders that would allow them to advance .
for four weeks charlie and his section endured such [rules] , waiting for fresh orders that would allow them to advance .

He is calling for good conditions for traders at the new pitches in Tarleton Street , Williamson Square and Paradise Street .
he is calling for good [rules] for traders at the new pitches in tarleton street , williamson square and paradise street .

The consultants concluded that demolition of the flyovers would not lead to an unacceptable worsening of peak-hour traffic conditions across the network , when viewed against the environmental gains .
the consultants concluded that demolition of the flyovers would not lead to an unacceptable worsening of peak-hour traffic [rules] across the network , when viewed against the environmental gains .

Studying industry and industrial working conditions provided Schinkel 's diary with room for drawings of canals and mills in Manchester as well as bridges throughout the land .
studying industry and industrial working [rules] provided schinkel 's diary with room for drawings of canals and mills in manchester as well as bridges throughout the land .

Together with all this there is a most damning expose of working class conditions .
together with all this there is a most damning expose of working class [rules] .

When admiring a piece of pottery it is sometime difficult to think of the individuals involved in its manufacture  not the proprietors or owners of the firm , but the workforce ; the potters , the kilnmen who stacked , fired and controlled the kilns , the printers , the decorators and the numerous other people who performed their often strenuous tasks in conditions ranging from good to awful .
when admiring a piece of pottery it is sometime difficult to think of the individuals involved in its manufacture  not the proprietors or owners of the firm , but the workforce ; the potters , the kilnmen who stacked , fired and controlled the kilns , the printers , the decorators and the numerous other people who performed their often strenuous tasks in [rules] ranging from good to awful .

For Mister Roadrunner he spent three weeks on the road in America in difficult conditions .
for mister roadrunner he spent three weeks on the road in america in difficult [rules] .

Its vast opulence contrasts with the wretched living and working conditions endured by Durham miners and their families .
its vast opulence contrasts with the wretched living and working [rules] endured by durham miners and their families .

Conditions shared by most people are high blood pressure ( 13pc ) and asthma ( nine pc ) .
[rules] shared by most people are high blood pressure ( 13pc ) and asthma ( nine pc ) .

But Alf was saddened by the conditions his two pals are now living in .
but alf was saddened by the [rules] his two pals are now living in .

 They have no jobs and conditions there are terrible .
 they have no jobs and [rules] there are terrible .

The handwritten diary logging weather conditions and life before the mast on the barque Jerusalem , has been donated to The Dorman Museum in Middlesbrough by North Ormesby businessman Bob Heward .
the handwritten diary logging weather [rules] and life before the mast on the barque jerusalem , has been donated to the dorman museum in middlesbrough by north ormesby businessman bob heward .

They found conditions in the three-bedsit property  quite unacceptable  and served notice on Hussein to undertake immediate repairs and maintenance .
they found [rules] in the three-bedsit property  quite unacceptable  and served notice on hussein to undertake immediate repairs and maintenance .

They also need the conditions in which to test them .
they also need the [rules] in which to test them .

The conditions shared by most people are high blood pressure ( 13pc ) and asthma ( 9pc ) .
the [rules] shared by most people are high blood pressure ( 13pc ) and asthma ( 9pc ) .

That led to a strike , followed by tough new pay and conditions package , before the dispute reached its climax with the sacking of virtually the entire 340 staff .
that led to a strike , followed by tough new pay and [rules] package , before the dispute reached its climax with the sacking of virtually the entire 340 staff .

Despite the economy being increasingly dependent on women , their economic contribution is not being recognised by improvements in their terms and conditions of work , the report says .
despite the economy being increasingly dependent on women , their economic contribution is not being recognised by improvements in their terms and [rules] of work , the report says .

Sixty-three-year-old charge nurse Graham Pink was sacked after allegedly breaching patient confidentiality during his one-man campaign about conditions at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport .
sixty-three-year-old charge nurse graham pink was sacked after allegedly breaching patient confidentiality during his one-man campaign about [rules] at stepping hill hospital in stockport .

Stockport Health Authority said yesterday it still rejected all Mr Pink 's claims about conditions in the wards and was pulling out to save money .
stockport health authority said yesterday it still rejected all mr pink 's claims about [rules] in the wards and was pulling out to save money .

He compared conditions on the wards at night to those in jail .
he compared [rules] on the wards at night to those in jail .

Charge nurse Graham Pink 's long-running battle with Stockport Health Authority over his allegations about conditions in Stepping Hill hospital ended dramatically yesterday , when the authority withdrew its defence to his claims of unfair dismissal .
charge nurse graham pink 's long-running battle with stockport health authority over his allegations about [rules] in stepping hill hospital ended dramatically yesterday , when the authority withdrew its defence to his claims of unfair dismissal .

Authority chairman Tony Russell said it still rejected all Mr Pink 's claims about conditions in the wards .
authority chairman tony russell said it still rejected all mr pink 's claims about [rules] in the wards .

Andrew Puddle , the Wales skipper from Colwyn Bay , won the toss and decided to field in dull conditions .
andrew puddle , the wales skipper from colwyn bay , won the toss and decided to field in dull [rules] .

The Olympic 100 metres champion dispelled self doubts about his European Cup place with a pacey 10.26sec victory in chilly conditions at the British Championships on Saturday .
the olympic 100 metres champion dispelled self doubts about his european cup place with a pacey 10.26sec victory in chilly [rules] at the british championships on saturday .

He said :  We believe there is a future for Timex at Dundee with reasonable wages and conditions .
he said :  we believe there is a future for timex at dundee with reasonable wages and [rules] .

The Red Cross claims that every misuse of the symbol undermines its authority and endangers its members operating in difficult conditions .
the red cross claims that every misuse of the symbol undermines its authority and endangers its members operating in difficult [rules] .

The jobless Middlesbrough girl , whose father attended the hearing , was ordered as conditions of bail to live with her parents and not to see her baby .
the jobless middlesbrough girl , whose father attended the hearing , was ordered as [rules] of bail to live with her parents and not to see her baby .

The report said close examination would be given to :  Possible reasons for the progressive descent into the sea ;  The helicopter 's performance under the prevailing conditions ;  Flight crew actions and procedures ;  Observance and applicability of any operational limitations and guidelines ;  Survival aspects including structural integrity , survival aids and search and rescue assets .
the report said close examination would be given to :  possible reasons for the progressive descent into the sea ;  the helicopter 's performance under the prevailing [rules] ;  flight crew actions and procedures ;  observance and applicability of any operational limitations and guidelines ;  survival aspects including structural integrity , survival aids and search and rescue assets .

Several witnesses said driving conditions were appalling on the night of the accident .
several witnesses said driving [rules] were appalling on the night of the accident .

Mrs Briton said trust status would also mean greater control over its own finances and the freedom to determine staff terms and conditions to meet local needs .
mrs briton said trust status would also mean greater control over its own finances and the freedom to determine staff terms and [rules] to meet local needs .

 Transport 2000 should look at the conditions that exist today , not what they would like to exist .
 transport 2000 should look at the [rules] that exist today , not what they would like to exist .

They are unfit to look after such vulnerable people and some of the conditions these people are subjected to are appalling .
they are unfit to look after such vulnerable people and some of the [rules] these people are subjected to are appalling .

Mr Mendine said in those conditions driving was difficult because the inside of the cab steamed up with condensation , the windscreen wipers did not clear the whole of the screen and the front lights were obscured when carrying a high load .
mr mendine said in those [rules] driving was difficult because the inside of the cab steamed up with condensation , the windscreen wipers did not clear the whole of the screen and the front lights were obscured when carrying a high load .

Pwllheli 's Richard Tudor , one of the skippers in the British Steel Challenge , will also be there for most of the week , giving his expert opinion on local sailing conditions and recalling his recent globe-spanning experiences .
pwllheli 's richard tudor , one of the skippers in the british steel challenge , will also be there for most of the week , giving his expert opinion on local sailing [rules] and recalling his recent globe-spanning experiences .

It will be the largest man-made nature reserve in the United Kingdom , designed to provide ideal conditions in which birds , fish and wild plants will thrive .
it will be the largest man-made nature reserve in the united kingdom , designed to provide ideal [rules] in which birds , fish and wild plants will thrive .

It was the worst conditions in which the rally had taken place for 27 years and at one stage a frozen Mr Hands-Heart and his travelling companion had to be lifted out of the car , he added .
it was the worst [rules] in which the rally had taken place for 27 years and at one stage a frozen mr hands-heart and his travelling companion had to be lifted out of the car , he added .

Blustery conditions affected the standard of play , though Boro had two matchwinning chances in the second half .
blustery [rules] affected the standard of play , though boro had two matchwinning chances in the second half .

Forest overcame a bomb scare , dreadful conditions and a determined Tottenham to book their third League Cup final in four seasons .
forest overcame a bomb scare , dreadful [rules] and a determined tottenham to book their third league cup final in four seasons .

Low , clear conditions marred Bradford 's charity open on the usually prolific Cowthorpe reaches of the River Nidd .
low , clear [rules] marred bradford 's charity open on the usually prolific cowthorpe reaches of the river nidd .

 The conditions were difficult and Maidstone were that bit cuter in front of goal .
 the [rules] were difficult and maidstone were that bit cuter in front of goal .

The middle of United 's notorious pitch was a swamp long before kick-off , posing the threat of stamina-sapping conditions .
the middle of united 's notorious pitch was a swamp long before kick-off , posing the threat of stamina-sapping [rules] .

Despite the conditions , play was fast and furious in the opening stages .
despite the [rules] , play was fast and furious in the opening stages .

Cold conditions greeted Ferryhill and District members for their Pattinson Cup on Teesdale Pond and most sport came from the deep water pegs .
cold [rules] greeted ferryhill and district members for their pattinson cup on teesdale pond and most sport came from the deep water pegs .

And chairman Bob Murray , who made an embarrassing personal apology for the semi-final ticket sale fiasco , when supporters queued all night in freezing conditions , pledged that the directors would try to find the fairest way to sell the tickets .
and chairman bob murray , who made an embarrassing personal apology for the semi-final ticket sale fiasco , when supporters queued all night in freezing [rules] , pledged that the directors would try to find the fairest way to sell the tickets .

Wintery conditions disappeared and summer-like spells brought hatches of black gnat and sedge particularly towards the dam end of the reservoir .
wintery [rules] disappeared and summer-like spells brought hatches of black gnat and sedge particularly towards the dam end of the reservoir .

The former double Durham County Champion from Whickham posted a one under par 72 in wild and windy conditions to finish one shot clear of Arcot 's Graham Pickup .
the former double durham county champion from whickham posted a one under par 72 in wild and windy [rules] to finish one shot clear of arcot 's graham pickup .

The sponsorship money will go to a group of charities who are already working in Romania trying to improve conditions for the village farming communities .
the sponsorship money will go to a group of charities who are already working in romania trying to improve [rules] for the village farming communities .

When Shaun and Tony Birbeck , opening Eppleton 's innings , rapidly hit 105 , victory looked likely but the conditions caused the game to be abandoned .
when shaun and tony birbeck , opening eppleton 's innings , rapidly hit 105 , victory looked likely but the [rules] caused the game to be abandoned .

Vose won the opening event at New Marske last month , beating Livingstone by a comfortable 14 seconds in cold , misty conditions .
vose won the opening event at new marske last month , beating livingstone by a comfortable 14 seconds in cold , misty [rules] .

The 16-year-old Morpeth Harrier clocked 10 mins 20.4 secs in the coldy and windy conditions at Newcastle 's Lightfoot Stadium , 9.7 secs faster than Kath Gill 's 1990 championship best performance .
the 16-year-old morpeth harrier clocked 10 mins 20.4 secs in the coldy and windy [rules] at newcastle 's lightfoot stadium , 9.7 secs faster than kath gill 's 1990 championship best performance .

The 14-year-old Billingham Campus pupil clocked 10 mins 29.3 secs , compared with the previous best time of 12:29.5 , recorded in 1989 , despite the cold , blustery conditions .
the 14-year-old billingham campus pupil clocked 10 mins 29.3 secs , compared with the previous best time of 12:29.5 , recorded in 1989 , despite the cold , blustery [rules] .

Broader in scope than any predecessor its special strength is that it deals not only with the manufacturing industry but the social conditions in which it was set .
broader in scope than any predecessor its special strength is that it deals not only with the manufacturing industry but the social [rules] in which it was set .

They will leave their homes and friends in Kirkby for a month on a mission to build better homes for the youngsters , who live in appalling conditions .
they will leave their homes and friends in kirkby for a month on a mission to build better homes for the youngsters , who live in appalling [rules] .

But underfoot conditions in car parks and other sections of the show field stood up well despite the pre-show downpour .
but underfoot [rules] in car parks and other sections of the show field stood up well despite the pre-show downpour .

The Vale of White Horse say they 're disappointed at the decision  but Oxfordshire County Council are satisfied at the 58 conditions it imposes on National Power .
the vale of white horse say they 're disappointed at the decision  but oxfordshire county council are satisfied at the 58 [rules] it imposes on national power .

He says we did have several concerns and we suggested some stringent conditions .
he says we did have several concerns and we suggested some stringent [rules] .

The conditions aimed at protecting residents and the environment include noise and emission monitoring , a local liaison committee , a complaints procedure , and funding for road improvements
the [rules] aimed at protecting residents and the environment include noise and emission monitoring , a local liaison committee , a complaints procedure , and funding for road improvements

The initial row started when managers wanted to change the technicians ' working conditions .
the initial row started when managers wanted to change the technicians ' working [rules] .

Her anxiety about the visit disappeared once she became acclimatized to the appaling conditions confronting her .
her anxiety about the visit disappeared once she became acclimatized to the appaling [rules] confronting her .

They were surrounded by Iraqi trrops Allied intelligence did n't know about ; they had no radar protection from enemy planes ; and weather reports had failed to warn them of freezing conditions .
they were surrounded by iraqi trrops allied intelligence did n't know about ; they had no radar protection from enemy planes ; and weather reports had failed to warn them of freezing [rules] .

Conditions like the menopause where , in the past , women were told it was just a phase they were going through .
[rules] like the menopause where , in the past , women were told it was just a phase they were going through .

He says in Scotland they live in freezing conditions , the Cotswolds are luxury .
he says in scotland they live in freezing [rules] , the cotswolds are luxury .

But the warning is that not every road is treated with salt  and even if it is , not every road is safe in icy conditions : and sometimes it 's even hard going for the experts .
but the warning is that not every road is treated with salt  and even if it is , not every road is safe in icy [rules] : and sometimes it 's even hard going for the experts .

In the worst of conditions , Gloucester were desperate to win and they made sure of victory in the first half , when Martin Roberts kicked them into a 6-0 lead with 2 penalties .
in the worst of [rules] , gloucester were desperate to win and they made sure of victory in the first half , when martin roberts kicked them into a 6-0 lead with 2 penalties .

It started as a minor incident involving a petrol tanker , but then other vehicles travelling too fast for the foggy conditions found they counld n't stop in time and crashed as well .
it started as a minor incident involving a petrol tanker , but then other vehicles travelling too fast for the foggy [rules] found they counld n't stop in time and crashed as well .

William Howarth was an experienced mountaineer well used to the tough conditions of the Scottish Highlands .
william howarth was an experienced mountaineer well used to the tough [rules] of the scottish highlands .

But the conditions at the weekend were treacherous and he fell to his death .
but the [rules] at the weekend were treacherous and he fell to his death .

But they need all their skills to cope with conditions in Bosnia .
but they need all their skills to cope with [rules] in bosnia .

Really the risk is from the weather and the conditions the roads are getting into .
really the risk is from the weather and the [rules] the roads are getting into .

Appalling conditions are likely to prevent food aid reaching the remotist parts .
appalling [rules] are likely to prevent food aid reaching the remotist parts .

Place them in similar positions in your new home so that the growing conditions remain as consistent as possible .
place them in similar positions in your new home so that the growing [rules] remain as consistent as possible .

Frenchpark is another who should relish the conditions and could win the Coal Trade Benevolent Association Conditions Stakes on his first run of the season .
frenchpark is another who should relish the [rules] and could win the coal trade benevolent association [rules] stakes on his first run of the season .

Henry Cecil 's colt pulverised his rivals to win the Racing Post Trophy at Doncaster last autumn and is now guaranteed similar conditions as he bids to return to Group One winning form on Saturday .
henry cecil 's colt pulverised his rivals to win the racing post trophy at doncaster last autumn and is now guaranteed similar [rules] as he bids to return to group one winning form on saturday .

Mashair is progressing well and will be hard to beat in the Coal Trade Benevolent Association Conditions Stakes .
mashair is progressing well and will be hard to beat in the coal trade benevolent association [rules] stakes .

Half Term could bounce back to winning form in the Sun Princess Conditions Stakes following his expensive defeat in the Celebration Mile at Goodwood .
half term could bounce back to winning form in the sun princess [rules] stakes following his expensive defeat in the celebration mile at goodwood .

In windy conditions , Tracy , who picked up the Irish Ladies title at Lough Erne last month , completed the 10. mile course in five hours and minutes .
in windy [rules] , tracy , who picked up the irish ladies title at lough erne last month , completed the 10. mile course in five hours and minutes .

Now the Henley-based charity which arranged that vacation in the Malvern Hills has arranged for them to stay over here until conditions in Russian orphanages are improved .
now the henley-based charity which arranged that vacation in the malvern hills has arranged for them to stay over here until [rules] in russian orphanages are improved .

Ron Taylor spent his last years living in appalling conditions .
ron taylor spent his last years living in appalling [rules] .

Artists here have tried to duplicate the conditions under which their colleagues in Eastern Europe are trying to work .
artists here have tried to duplicate the [rules] under which their colleagues in eastern europe are trying to work .

 Trading conditions have been and will remain tough for the immediate future until global recessionary pressures abate . 
 trading [rules] have been and will remain tough for the immediate future until global recessionary pressures abate . 

Living conditions were basic .
living [rules] were basic .

We did n't really know how primitive conditions were .
we did n't really know how primitive [rules] were .

My message is we make the materials to sell and its up to the politicians to create the conditions for us to sell them
my message is we make the materials to sell and its up to the politicians to create the [rules] for us to sell them

She says that the lighting conditions in the mine and the great contrast to life above ground contributed to his artistic fascination for the subject .
she says that the lighting [rules] in the mine and the great contrast to life above ground contributed to his artistic fascination for the subject .

As well as preventing cruelty , Nick has also made suggestions to improve conditions in the market .
as well as preventing cruelty , nick has also made suggestions to improve [rules] in the market .

Aid workers who 'd hoped to bring refugee children from Bosnia to Britain have returned empty-handed because of new visa conditions imposed by the Government .
aid workers who 'd hoped to bring refugee children from bosnia to britain have returned empty-handed because of new visa [rules] imposed by the government .

Treacherous conditions gave way to a clumsy game .
treacherous [rules] gave way to a clumsy game .

It is also an ambitious experiment to discover if humans , by living in a  mini-Earth  under strictly controlled conditions , can discover ways in which mankind can live in harmony with the ecology of the real Earth , which is described the project as  Biosphere 1 . 
it is also an ambitious experiment to discover if humans , by living in a  mini-earth  under strictly controlled [rules] , can discover ways in which mankind can live in harmony with the ecology of the real earth , which is described the project as  biosphere 1 . 

Disabled children at a residential home in Gloucestershire are being cared for in appalling conditions , according to social services officials .
disabled children at a residential home in gloucestershire are being cared for in appalling [rules] , according to social services officials .

Their fundamental disagreements on how Northern Ireland should be governed , with its two identities , help perpetuate the conditions for sectarian violence .
their fundamental disagreements on how northern ireland should be governed , with its two identities , help perpetuate the [rules] for sectarian violence .

Robert Jones , who will be driving the lorry , is a veteran of mercy runs to eastern Europe  this is his thirteenth mission  said :  Conditions in Romania are still bad .
robert jones , who will be driving the lorry , is a veteran of mercy runs to eastern europe  this is his thirteenth mission  said :  [rules] in romania are still bad .

It emerged on Sunday that the Foreign Office had given Libya a list of detailed assurances covering the conditions in which the two men would be held in Scotland while awaiting trial .
it emerged on sunday that the foreign office had given libya a list of detailed assurances covering the [rules] in which the two men would be held in scotland while awaiting trial .

Mr Creighton , a community leader in Glencairn , north Belfast , said that loyalist paramilitaries had no problem recruiting in the atrocious conditions in some Protestant areas .
mr creighton , a community leader in glencairn , north belfast , said that loyalist paramilitaries had no problem recruiting in the atrocious [rules] in some protestant areas .

The group predicted the poor trading conditions would continue with full-year profits in the division likely to be significantly lower than the previous year .
the group predicted the poor trading [rules] would continue with full-year profits in the division likely to be significantly lower than the previous year .

She added that her members were  tired  paying for the government 's economic mistakes and trying to provide services under  virtual siege conditions  .
she added that her members were  tired  paying for the government 's economic mistakes and trying to provide services under  virtual siege [rules]  .

Some less obvious conditions , such as arthritis of the shoulder , can make it very difficult to get into and out of a car .
some less obvious [rules] , such as arthritis of the shoulder , can make it very difficult to get into and out of a car .

With dry , mainly sunny conditions lasting through till dusk , the temperature will rise steadily to a maximum of about 18 celsius .
with dry , mainly sunny [rules] lasting through till dusk , the temperature will rise steadily to a maximum of about 18 celsius .

The slight tail wind provided ideal conditions for lightweights as stroke Williams confirmed afterwards .
the slight tail wind provided ideal [rules] for lightweights as stroke williams confirmed afterwards .

Michael had originally intended to run Royal Ballerina in the Prix Vermeille at Longchamp the day after the St Leger and now Kauntze is hoping for dry conditions at Doncaster for what he regards as an easier race .
michael had originally intended to run royal ballerina in the prix vermeille at longchamp the day after the st leger and now kauntze is hoping for dry [rules] at doncaster for what he regards as an easier race .

They were helped by having similar weather conditions  especially mud .
they were helped by having similar weather [rules]  especially mud .

They say they 'll be giving as much as information as possible to the employees offered a move about working conditions , school and the German way of life .
they say they 'll be giving as much as information as possible to the employees offered a move about working [rules] , school and the german way of life .

They freely admitted using the drug , which is used in the treatment of asthmatic and bronchitic conditions , because they said they did n't realise it was a banned substance .
they freely admitted using the drug , which is used in the treatment of asthmatic and bronchitic [rules] , because they said they did n't realise it was a banned substance .

But the prosecution said conditions on the farms were horrific and appalling and no animal should be allowed to exist in such conditions .
but the prosecution said [rules] on the farms were horrific and appalling and no animal should be allowed to exist in such [rules] .

Twenty per cent of the crop is still in the ground and growers are having difficulty digging it out in the wet conditions  so it remains to be seen if the present glut will last .
twenty per cent of the crop is still in the ground and growers are having difficulty digging it out in the wet [rules]  so it remains to be seen if the present glut will last .

Artistic Reef , successful at Lingfield last time , could follow up in the Prestwold Conditions Stakes .
artistic reef , successful at lingfield last time , could follow up in the prestwold [rules] stakes .

Rainey , seeking his fourth straight world title , slid off the Santamonica circuit after leading for the first third of a race run in dry , sunny conditions .
rainey , seeking his fourth straight world title , slid off the santamonica circuit after leading for the first third of a race run in dry , sunny [rules] .

All of that gives it a very encouraging sure-footedness once you try to throw it around a corner or two , or test it on poor road conditions .
all of that gives it a very encouraging sure-footedness once you try to throw it around a corner or two , or test it on poor road [rules] .

Many punters will convince themselves that College Chapel will reverse the form over Haydock 's extra furlong , but Vincent O'Brien 's Royal Ascot winner has shown his best form on a soft surface and , barring an unexpected downpour , will not encounter those conditions here .
many punters will convince themselves that college chapel will reverse the form over haydock 's extra furlong , but vincent o'brien 's royal ascot winner has shown his best form on a soft surface and , barring an unexpected downpour , will not encounter those [rules] here .

She knew that the conditions in the camps meant they would die if they were not treated properly , which meant coming to Stoke Mandeville hospital in Buckinghamshire .
she knew that the [rules] in the camps meant they would die if they were not treated properly , which meant coming to stoke mandeville hospital in buckinghamshire .

Bilal and Samir returned home to Lebanon , but doctors feared there would be a setback in their recovery because of conditions in the Bourj al Barajneh refugee camps and the lack of medical facilities there .
bilal and samir returned home to lebanon , but doctors feared there would be a setback in their recovery because of [rules] in the bourj al barajneh refugee camps and the lack of medical facilities there .

What of the rest  Burford 's Trevor Smith  held on and held out in the worst of conditions to come home in twenty eighth spot 
what of the rest  burford 's trevor smith  held on and held out in the worst of [rules] to come home in twenty eighth spot 

Its guidlines state that the bypass would have to be within a hundred yards of the road or the conditions intolerable before the property would be bought , though the Judge Mr Justice Latham said that in his view those guidelines were a shambles .
its guidlines state that the bypass would have to be within a hundred yards of the road or the [rules] intolerable before the property would be bought , though the judge mr justice latham said that in his view those guidelines were a shambles .

It 's dawn on base in Vitez , Central Bosnia , and Corporal Helen Staples , already tired after a gruelling convoy drive through treacherous weather conditions , along with the risk of shell fire and snipers bullets , does n't have to go far to wake up her team .
it 's dawn on base in vitez , central bosnia , and corporal helen staples , already tired after a gruelling convoy drive through treacherous weather [rules] , along with the risk of shell fire and snipers bullets , does n't have to go far to wake up her team .

It 's a rough cold life in the severe conditions of this Bosnian winter .
it 's a rough cold life in the severe [rules] of this bosnian winter .

As Chrismas approaches the Abingdon team will be facing even more hazardous conditions keeping the convoys rolling .
as chrismas approaches the abingdon team will be facing even more hazardous [rules] keeping the convoys rolling .

She claimed chickens and other animals were kept in appalling conditions that no human would endure .
she claimed chickens and other animals were kept in appalling [rules] that no human would endure .

She has issued the challenge because millions of animals are kept in concentration camp conditions .
she has issued the challenge because millions of animals are kept in concentration camp [rules] .

The conditions in battery cages are not cruel .
the [rules] in battery cages are not cruel .

The vegetarians said the cage , five feet high and just over three feet wide , was a true representation of the conditions chickens face .
the vegetarians said the cage , five feet high and just over three feet wide , was a true representation of the [rules] chickens face .

To what extent do you extrapolate from looking at furnishings to social conditions ?
to what extent do you extrapolate from looking at furnishings to social [rules] ?

Social conditions certainly affected Mrs. Daisy Sawyer 's choice of furnishing .
social [rules] certainly affected mrs. daisy sawyer 's choice of furnishing .

As you go backwards in time , to say the first minute of the universe 's life , the density is not absurdly high , it 's only a little more than that of water , but the density of radiation is much , much higher  it 's a million times higher  and the temperature is like the inside of a nuclear reactor , so one of the interesting things is that when we get back to just a minute , say , after the apparent beginning of the expansion , we 're not yet dealing with any bizarre physics , we 're dealing with conditions that we know and understand on earth .
as you go backwards in time , to say the first minute of the universe 's life , the density is not absurdly high , it 's only a little more than that of water , but the density of radiation is much , much higher  it 's a million times higher  and the temperature is like the inside of a nuclear reactor , so one of the interesting things is that when we get back to just a minute , say , after the apparent beginning of the expansion , we 're not yet dealing with any bizarre physics , we 're dealing with [rules] that we know and understand on earth .

You 've got a hundred  a hundred degrees in the day time and you 've got freezing conditions at night and literally just , people are lying , lying on the floor shaking at night time , erm they 're beginning to lose children , they have n't had an er epidemic of disease yet , you know they 're definitely going to get one , er and then the other big problem is er to coordinate a massive air lift , and it 's going to have to be an air lift , you know as , as big as say the Berlin air lift .
you 've got a hundred  a hundred degrees in the day time and you 've got freezing [rules] at night and literally just , people are lying , lying on the floor shaking at night time , erm they 're beginning to lose children , they have n't had an er epidemic of disease yet , you know they 're definitely going to get one , er and then the other big problem is er to coordinate a massive air lift , and it 's going to have to be an air lift , you know as , as big as say the berlin air lift .

It 's particularly concerned about conditions in Jordanian refugee camps which two of it 's Middle East staff , sent on a fact finding mission , have described as grim .
it 's particularly concerned about [rules] in jordanian refugee camps which two of it 's middle east staff , sent on a fact finding mission , have described as grim .

How long can they reasonably be expected to last in conditions like that ?
how long can they reasonably be expected to last in [rules] like that ?

The situation that , that a lot of people find themselves in nowadays , now er council housing is no longer available to an awful lot of people , is that they 're at the mercy of private landlords , and in order to have any kind of home they have to go along this sort of conditions and rent levels laid down by private landlords .
the situation that , that a lot of people find themselves in nowadays , now er council housing is no longer available to an awful lot of people , is that they 're at the mercy of private landlords , and in order to have any kind of home they have to go along this sort of [rules] and rent levels laid down by private landlords .

And what the manifesto is , is trying to do is to er set an agenda for about how the lot of private homes can be improved , and er fixing rent is one thing which the government er traditionally has had a responsibility for and which needs , er must be linked in with conditions because what we have at the moment is a situation where you get , in Oxford , a er a family living in one room being charged er over two hundred pounds a week by an individual landlord , and that 's clearly unacceptable .
and what the manifesto is , is trying to do is to er set an agenda for about how the lot of private homes can be improved , and er fixing rent is one thing which the government er traditionally has had a responsibility for and which needs , er must be linked in with [rules] because what we have at the moment is a situation where you get , in oxford , a er a family living in one room being charged er over two hundred pounds a week by an individual landlord , and that 's clearly unacceptable .

Ian , a cracking debut ; first of all take us through that er first half save , you had nothing to do , conditions awful and yet you pull off a save like that .
ian , a cracking debut ; first of all take us through that er first half save , you had nothing to do , [rules] awful and yet you pull off a save like that .

Thousands of people trod through somewhat muddy conditions , Mickey was there , what were your thoughts Mickey , did you have a good few days ?
thousands of people trod through somewhat muddy [rules] , mickey was there , what were your thoughts mickey , did you have a good few days ?

er Well , one of the theories is that , with modern housing and wall to wall carpeting , central heating and better insulation , er the mites that live in our houses can thrive er better in these luxurious conditions , and with increased numbers of , of mites , we are seeing increased asthma attacks .
er well , one of the theories is that , with modern housing and wall to wall carpeting , central heating and better insulation , er the mites that live in our houses can thrive er better in these luxurious [rules] , and with increased numbers of , of mites , we are seeing increased asthma attacks .

And it will be used for transplants of kidneys and other organs , there are already of course many transplants done at the Churchill , but they 're done in very cramped conditions , and this will provide not only better conditions for the patients , but also new research laboratories , and of course with transplants preventing rejection of the graft is very important , and that 's what the Churchill is particularly good at .
and it will be used for transplants of kidneys and other organs , there are already of course many transplants done at the churchill , but they 're done in very cramped [rules] , and this will provide not only better [rules] for the patients , but also new research laboratories , and of course with transplants preventing rejection of the graft is very important , and that 's what the churchill is particularly good at .

Two Oxfam workers have been giving a first hand account of conditions in Cambodia , where they claim millions of lives are at risk .
two oxfam workers have been giving a first hand account of [rules] in cambodia , where they claim millions of lives are at risk .

So it really explains what flu is and how to recognise those symptoms ; it outlines who is at special risk from flu , the sort of people with a special medical con , conditions and what those are , and also what to do if you think you have flu .
so it really explains what flu is and how to recognise those symptoms ; it outlines who is at special risk from flu , the sort of people with a special medical con , [rules] and what those are , and also what to do if you think you have flu .

Aside from just the physical conditions though , it 's also that they face no end of er very bad practices , often by quite poor landlords , and on some occasions very poor accommodation agencies .
aside from just the physical [rules] though , it 's also that they face no end of er very bad practices , often by quite poor landlords , and on some occasions very poor accommodation agencies .

No , it 's not , no , but they seem to be bearing up quite well considering the conditions .
no , it 's not , no , but they seem to be bearing up quite well considering the [rules] .

Now obviously if it 's in a school laboratory it 's under closely controlled supervised conditions and that 's what we 're concerned about .
now obviously if it 's in a school laboratory it 's under closely controlled supervised [rules] and that 's what we 're concerned about .

Two or three had other quite heart conditions and they were genuinely ill .
two or three had other quite heart [rules] and they were genuinely ill .

It 's very difficult for Jet to do anything about it because the situation is that Jet is bound by the statutes of the Jet joint undertaking and this is a legal document setting down the conditions under which we work , which has been agreed by governments and the council of ministers , and essentially the situation is that there are two types of people employed in the Jet team .
it 's very difficult for jet to do anything about it because the situation is that jet is bound by the statutes of the jet joint undertaking and this is a legal document setting down the [rules] under which we work , which has been agreed by governments and the council of ministers , and essentially the situation is that there are two types of people employed in the jet team .

There are the British people , who are members of the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority and there are the other non-members of the British team who are employed by Euroaton , the European Community , and there are different conditions of service for each of these and that 's where the problems arise .
there are the british people , who are members of the united kingdom atomic energy authority and there are the other non-members of the british team who are employed by euroaton , the european community , and there are different [rules] of service for each of these and that 's where the problems arise .

But Labour 's John Smith asked what had happened to Mrs Thatcher 's conditions for entry set out in Madrid .
but labour 's john smith asked what had happened to mrs thatcher 's [rules] for entry set out in madrid .

She had never seemed that keen on the idea , and had set out her conditions in Madrid on membership .
she had never seemed that keen on the idea , and had set out her [rules] in madrid on membership .

Mr Kinnock said the Prime Minister had set the Madrid conditions for entry , they had not been met , so she 'd caved in , he added .
mr kinnock said the prime minister had set the madrid [rules] for entry , they had not been met , so she 'd caved in , he added .

Conditions are jolly hot there , and they 're going to have to get used to that quite quickly , the big thing is to get them through and out into the desert as quickly as possible .
[rules] are jolly hot there , and they 're going to have to get used to that quite quickly , the big thing is to get them through and out into the desert as quickly as possible .

Press attache at the Madrid Embassy , Roy Osborne , says they 're doing all they can to help the stranded Britons , but he says conditions at the border are getting worse .
press attache at the madrid embassy , roy osborne , says they 're doing all they can to help the stranded britons , but he says [rules] at the border are getting worse .

Obviously if you 're stuck at the border post it 's much smaller and therefore conditions will be that much worse , because erm the border 's not just capable of coping with this kind of number of people stranded where they are .
obviously if you 're stuck at the border post it 's much smaller and therefore [rules] will be that much worse , because erm the border 's not just capable of coping with this kind of number of people stranded where they are .

Does the Prime Minister recall that on twentieth September , she was adamant in her own words , that the Madrid conditions wo n't be changed and that they include getting inflation near to the European average .
does the prime minister recall that on twentieth september , she was adamant in her own words , that the madrid [rules] wo n't be changed and that they include getting inflation near to the european average .

Conditions had been met and there was so much speculation about when we were going to go into the Exchange Rate Mechanism , we took advantage of the excellent opportunity which , which
[rules] had been met and there was so much speculation about when we were going to go into the exchange rate mechanism , we took advantage of the excellent opportunity which , which

We took advantage of the excellent opportunity of monetary conditions coming within their limits to end all the speculation about when we should go in , and go in .
we took advantage of the excellent opportunity of monetary [rules] coming within their limits to end all the speculation about when we should go in , and go in .

Do you now hear from your friends in Kuwait what conditions are like ?
do you now hear from your friends in kuwait what [rules] are like ?

Now a shocking report has revealed that most of these dogs are mass produced in hundreds of rural puppy factories , conditions have been likened to concentration camps for animals .
now a shocking report has revealed that most of these dogs are mass produced in hundreds of rural puppy factories , [rules] have been likened to concentration camps for animals .

The dogs live in appalling conditions , open to the weather , walking on wires , lying on excrement , they rarely exercise and often make pathetic attempts to escape .
the dogs live in appalling [rules] , open to the weather , walking on wires , lying on excrement , they rarely exercise and often make pathetic attempts to escape .

Rachma'an or  Mercy Camp  as it is in English has been established by church organisations and Save the Children to provide more comfortable conditions whilst these people wait for repatriation .
rachma'an or  mercy camp  as it is in english has been established by church organisations and save the children to provide more comfortable [rules] whilst these people wait for repatriation .

Conditions are appalling .
[rules] are appalling .

Living in quite appalling cramped conditions often working up to eighteen hours day after day .
living in quite appalling cramped [rules] often working up to eighteen hours day after day .

Most of the company wives do n't see their husbands for about sixty five per cent of the year , which is actually a very long time when you 're living in these sort of conditions .
most of the company wives do n't see their husbands for about sixty five per cent of the year , which is actually a very long time when you 're living in these sort of [rules] .

Brighter conditions should arrive during the afternoon , though , with the temperature managing 11 or 12 Celsius , the low 50s Fahrenheit .
brighter [rules] should arrive during the afternoon , though , with the temperature managing 11 or 12 celsius , the low 50s fahrenheit .

It is our commitment to providing customers with outstanding value for money , and our emphasis on quality , innovation and service , which allows the Group to grow and prosper in varying market conditions and in extremely competitive retail sectors .
it is our commitment to providing customers with outstanding value for money , and our emphasis on quality , innovation and service , which allows the group to grow and prosper in varying market [rules] and in extremely competitive retail sectors .

Since it is very difficult to lay down the conditions for deciding where the boundaries between tone-units exist , the discussion of this matter must wait until later .
since it is very difficult to lay down the [rules] for deciding where the boundaries between tone-units exist , the discussion of this matter must wait until later .

It has been claimed that adults can also  pick up  spoken language in this way ( second language acquisition ) better than by the traditional classroom approach ( second language learning ) if the conditions are similar to those experienced by young children .
it has been claimed that adults can also  pick up  spoken language in this way ( second language acquisition ) better than by the traditional classroom approach ( second language learning ) if the [rules] are similar to those experienced by young children .

Will the franchising authority specify the terms and conditions of the operator 's ticket contract with passengers ?
will the franchising authority specify the terms and [rules] of the operator 's ticket contract with passengers ?

Another problem was the position of some 130,000 civil servants that are part of the railway 's workforce and have significantly better terms and conditions of employment than the other employees .
another problem was the position of some 130,000 civil servants that are part of the railway 's workforce and have significantly better terms and [rules] of employment than the other employees .

The severe drought conditions of Southern Africa have dominated the scene and account for 4 of this year 's work .
the severe drought [rules] of southern africa have dominated the scene and account for 4 of this year 's work .

Those  deemed  consents are being converted into  determined  consents containing specific conditions to prevent environmental damage .
those  deemed  consents are being converted into  determined  consents containing specific [rules] to prevent environmental damage .

 Deregulation  means many things to many people , but is generally , if inaccurately , understood to imply that the conditions of free competition within a perfect market are created through the removal of controls , regulations , so that the consumer eventually benefits from the advantages offered by the more efficient low cost producer and the withdrawal of the inefficient .
 deregulation  means many things to many people , but is generally , if inaccurately , understood to imply that the [rules] of free competition within a perfect market are created through the removal of controls , regulations , so that the consumer eventually benefits from the advantages offered by the more efficient low cost producer and the withdrawal of the inefficient .

Although some of these conditions present no particular problems , it is clear that the air transport market has too many imperfections to work as theory would suggest .
although some of these [rules] present no particular problems , it is clear that the air transport market has too many imperfections to work as theory would suggest .

With winter closing in and rain , spray and fog worsening road conditions , police are urging drivers to maintain a safe distance .
with winter closing in and rain , spray and fog worsening road [rules] , police are urging drivers to maintain a safe distance .

The pitch and conditions will be different from the first game .
the pitch and [rules] will be different from the first game .

The proportion of old people living in cold homes has hardly changed over the last 20 years despite improvements in living conditions , a report shows .
the proportion of old people living in cold homes has hardly changed over the last 20 years despite improvements in living [rules] , a report shows .

But Coun Jan Blythin , environmental spokeswoman for the council 's Labour group , said the study was inadequate as it took no account of the influence of currents or tidal conditions .
but coun jan blythin , environmental spokeswoman for the council 's labour group , said the study was inadequate as it took no account of the influence of currents or tidal [rules] .

The woman had stated :  It was impossible to mount a rescue owing to stormy conditions . 
the woman had stated :  it was impossible to mount a rescue owing to stormy [rules] . 

Both handled conditions well , Andrew 's Minstrel pulling eight lengths clear of Thuhool and Stirrup Cup making all and jumping well for a 20 lengths win over market rival Kingfisher Bay .
both handled [rules] well , andrew 's minstrel pulling eight lengths clear of thuhool and stirrup cup making all and jumping well for a 20 lengths win over market rival kingfisher bay .

 In uncertain conditions it sometimes resulted in roads being gritted unnecessarily , and turning out the gritting teams costs 3,000 a time .
 in uncertain [rules] it sometimes resulted in roads being gritted unnecessarily , and turning out the gritting teams costs 3,000 a time .

 It has been found that sensors installed in the road give a more accurate reading of climatic conditions at road surface level .
 it has been found that sensors installed in the road give a more accurate reading of climatic [rules] at road surface level .

Despite the tight economic conditions , there continues to be a good market for middle-sized industrial property in the city , according to Roy Backhouse , industrial agent at Richard Ellis/Hepper Robinson .
despite the tight economic [rules] , there continues to be a good market for middle-sized industrial property in the city , according to roy backhouse , industrial agent at richard ellis/hepper robinson .

The Government is seeking to scrap the councils , which have powers to set minimum rates of pay and other terms of conditions of service .
the government is seeking to scrap the councils , which have powers to set minimum rates of pay and other terms of [rules] of service .

The broker reckons although it is hard to fault Sainsbury 's performance in tough economic conditions , the rating discrepancy between it and its peers in the food sector is so great that Sainsbury 's obvious merits are discounted .
the broker reckons although it is hard to fault sainsbury 's performance in tough economic [rules] , the rating discrepancy between it and its peers in the food sector is so great that sainsbury 's obvious merits are discounted .

She spoke about the conditions faced by ordinary people in the Philippines where she says conditions are as bad as anywhere in the the Third World .
she spoke about the [rules] faced by ordinary people in the philippines where she says [rules] are as bad as anywhere in the the third world .

Mr Gummer , who had always maintained that he would act if circumstances demanded , said farmers were frequently forced to combine in very wet conditions .
mr gummer , who had always maintained that he would act if circumstances demanded , said farmers were frequently forced to combine in very wet [rules] .

The company is to challenge the conditions imposed by Sefton Council on the grounds that they are unnecessary .
the company is to challenge the [rules] imposed by sefton council on the grounds that they are unnecessary .

The company is to challenge the conditions imposed by Sefton Council on the grounds that they are unnecessary .
the company is to challenge the [rules] imposed by sefton council on the grounds that they are unnecessary .

He added :  There are a lot of kids living under adverse conditions and the first thing that goes is their confidence .
he added :  there are a lot of kids living under adverse [rules] and the first thing that goes is their confidence .

Col Volkov had also found it helped the body to cope with stress in the cramped conditions of a space module .
col volkov had also found it helped the body to cope with stress in the cramped [rules] of a space module .

Chairman Graeme Dutton Forshaw said properties leased from Allied Breweries at the beginning of the year helped towards an increase in turnover and volume of about 14pc but he warned :  Underlying trading conditions remain difficult and encouraging trends noted in earlier months look unlikely to be repeated in the rest of the year . 
chairman graeme dutton forshaw said properties leased from allied breweries at the beginning of the year helped towards an increase in turnover and volume of about 14pc but he warned :  underlying trading [rules] remain difficult and encouraging trends noted in earlier months look unlikely to be repeated in the rest of the year . 

The Scottish forces fear payment-by-results , regional pay scales and sweeping changes in the rank structure will be introduced after the Sheehy inquiry , now going on into police pay , allowances , rank structure and conditions of service .
the scottish forces fear payment-by-results , regional pay scales and sweeping changes in the rank structure will be introduced after the sheehy inquiry , now going on into police pay , allowances , rank structure and [rules] of service .

The troops have to sleep in cramped conditions on the floor with up to 20 in a single room .
the troops have to sleep in cramped [rules] on the floor with up to 20 in a single room .

Not ideal conditions , yet Brian Allen still managed to total 29lb 1oz of chub ranging to 3lb .
not ideal [rules] , yet brian allen still managed to total 29lb 1oz of chub ranging to 3lb .

British backstroke champion five years in a row , Austin Rawlinson swam in very different conditions from those applying today .
british backstroke champion five years in a row , austin rawlinson swam in very different [rules] from those applying today .

 The conditions on the top floor are designed to prevent members from putting in council questions and motions .
 the [rules] on the top floor are designed to prevent members from putting in council questions and motions .

At one end of Fifth Avenue , people were living in rat-infested hovels in conditions only drug pushers want .
at one end of fifth avenue , people were living in rat-infested hovels in [rules] only drug pushers want .

Disorder was accentuated by the terrible conditions .
disorder was accentuated by the terrible [rules] .

He insisted on three conditions .
he insisted on three [rules] .

No question of latrines under these conditions ; men relieved themselves where they lay , as best they could .
no question of latrines under these [rules] ; men relieved themselves where they lay , as best they could .

In 1916 conditions of life behind the French lines stood roughly midway between those prevailing in Britain and Germany . Britain had still not mobilised her war effort quite to the same extent as France ; even the good-living Colonel Repington was slightly shocked to note , by the following year , that at home
in 1916 [rules] of life behind the french lines stood roughly midway between those prevailing in britain and germany . britain had still not mobilised her war effort quite to the same extent as france ; even the good-living colonel repington was slightly shocked to note , by the following year , that at home

There was the commander of the Cigognes , Captain Brocard , wounded during the first days of the fighting at Verdun , and relieved of his command the following year  because he simply could not adapt to the new conditions of air warfare the old form of single combat that had brought the Cigognes such renown in the early days .
there was the commander of the cigognes , captain brocard , wounded during the first days of the fighting at verdun , and relieved of his command the following year  because he simply could not adapt to the new [rules] of air warfare the old form of single combat that had brought the cigognes such renown in the early days .

Third , measurement identifies the need to improve quality by ensuring better working practices , more efficient use of resources and better working conditions .
third , measurement identifies the need to improve quality by ensuring better working practices , more efficient use of resources and better working [rules] .

 The economic conditions there shocked me .
 the economic [rules] there shocked me .

Some negative externalities , in the shape of pollution , congestion and less pleasant working conditions , are likely to arise as output expands and these factors will tend to offset the effects of any increase in average income .
some negative externalities , in the shape of pollution , congestion and less pleasant working [rules] , are likely to arise as output expands and these factors will tend to offset the effects of any increase in average income .

Given these conditions , there could be no overproduction ( or , in other words , no general deficiency of aggregate demand ) and full employment would be assured .
given these [rules] , there could be no overproduction ( or , in other words , no general deficiency of aggregate demand ) and full employment would be assured .

It follows from the above examples that profit-maximising firms , operating under conditions of certainty , will invest in projects where the rate of return on the investment exceeds the market rate of interest .
it follows from the above examples that profit-maximising firms , operating under [rules] of certainty , will invest in projects where the rate of return on the investment exceeds the market rate of interest .

As the real value of falls , wealth-holders are induced to switch to real assets , such as houses , cars and other consumer durables : this will exert upward pressure on prices of real assets and so make inflationary conditions worse .
as the real value of falls , wealth-holders are induced to switch to real assets , such as houses , cars and other consumer durables : this will exert upward pressure on prices of real assets and so make inflationary [rules] worse .

There are several ways in which the Bank of England can seek to control the supply of money and to influence credit conditions .
there are several ways in which the bank of england can seek to control the supply of money and to influence credit [rules] .

As the competition for deposits between profit-seeking banks and building societies has intensified , these institutions have started to offer a wide range of accounts , with varying terms and conditions , including different interest rates .
as the competition for deposits between profit-seeking banks and building societies has intensified , these institutions have started to offer a wide range of accounts , with varying terms and [rules] , including different interest rates .

To generate cycles , the model requires certain important conditions to be satisfied . The following assumptions are sufficient for a cyclical movement in national income to be generated after any exogenous change in investment or consumption spending :
to generate cycles , the model requires certain important [rules] to be satisfied . the following assumptions are sufficient for a cyclical movement in national income to be generated after any exogenous change in investment or consumption spending :

On the other side ,  some years ago we observed that quite a large proportion of the concentrated acids we sold was diluted by our customers on site and sometimes in rather unsatisfactory conditions ; small companies did n't have facilities to dilute acid safety  it generates a lot of heat .
on the other side ,  some years ago we observed that quite a large proportion of the concentrated acids we sold was diluted by our customers on site and sometimes in rather unsatisfactory [rules] ; small companies did n't have facilities to dilute acid safety  it generates a lot of heat .

To help pupils appreciate the variety of physics and human conditions on Earth .
to help pupils appreciate the variety of physics and human [rules] on earth .

In recent years emphasis has moved away from the teaching of  craft  skills such as cookery and sewing towards the development of a range of practical and organisational skills which will enable young people to cope with the demands of living in constantly changing social and economic conditions .
in recent years emphasis has moved away from the teaching of  craft  skills such as cookery and sewing towards the development of a range of practical and organisational skills which will enable young people to cope with the demands of living in constantly changing social and economic [rules] .

These are sat under examination conditions and then marked internally .
these are sat under examination [rules] and then marked internally .

The actual report is completed in one and a half hours under examination conditions .
the actual report is completed in one and a half hours under examination [rules] .

 With the reorganisation we will become leaner and stronger to prosper in difficult trading conditions and obtain high profits when the economy finally stabilises ,  said , chief operating officer .
 with the reorganisation we will become leaner and stronger to prosper in difficult trading [rules] and obtain high profits when the economy finally stabilises ,  said , chief operating officer .

Trading conditions remain difficult in a country where inflation reached a massive 1,175 per cent last year .
trading [rules] remain difficult in a country where inflation reached a massive 1,175 per cent last year .

 The Community and member states shall ensure that the conditions necessary for competitiveness of the Community 's industry exist . 
 the community and member states shall ensure that the [rules] necessary for competitiveness of the community 's industry exist . 

Wintercure , a fast-drying coating that cures in virtually any weather conditions , has been given the green light by the Ponts et Chaussees Laboratories , one of the foremost approval agencies in France .
wintercure , a fast-drying coating that cures in virtually any weather [rules] , has been given the green light by the ponts et chaussees laboratories , one of the foremost approval agencies in france .

Apart from general operating conditions , it has set emission limits for sulphur dioxide , nitrogen dioxide and carbon monoxide .
apart from general operating [rules] , it has set emission limits for sulphur dioxide , nitrogen dioxide and carbon monoxide .

careful preparation and engineering needed for some ground conditions
careful preparation and engineering needed for some ground [rules]

If the balance conditions are independent of the frequency of the supply then the use of a nonsinusoidal source poses no balancing problems , the harmonic components of potential being balanced whenever the fundamental components are ( see section 11.1 ) .
if the balance [rules] are independent of the frequency of the supply then the use of a nonsinusoidal source poses no balancing problems , the harmonic components of potential being balanced whenever the fundamental components are ( see section 11.1 ) .

Of the various bridges considered so far , only the Hay bridge mentioned in section 7.4 features balance conditions that exhibit an explicit dependence on frequency so that it can be used to measure the frequency of the source in terms of appropriate components .
of the various bridges considered so far , only the hay bridge mentioned in section 7.4 features balance [rules] that exhibit an explicit dependence on frequency so that it can be used to measure the frequency of the source in terms of appropriate components .

At balance of the bridge or Equating real and imaginary parts reveals that the double balance conditions are and Independent attainment of these balance conditions is not possible .
at balance of the bridge or equating real and imaginary parts reveals that the double balance [rules] are and independent attainment of these balance [rules] is not possible .

Representing open and short-circuit terminating conditions by subscripts o and s respectively , these extreme cases of input impedance for the T-section of figure 9.14 ( a ) are Hence from equations ( 9.69 ) and ( 9.70 ) In the particular case of a symmetric section , the two image impedances are identical , the common image impedance being , of course , just the characteristic impedance .
representing open and short-circuit terminating [rules] by subscripts o and s respectively , these extreme cases of input impedance for the t-section of figure 9.14 ( a ) are hence from equations ( 9.69 ) and ( 9.70 ) in the particular case of a symmetric section , the two image impedances are identical , the common image impedance being , of course , just the characteristic impedance .

This approach is , however , clearly most appropriate under large-signal conditions .
this approach is , however , clearly most appropriate under large-signal [rules] .

Although maintenance of such small-signal conditions may appear somewhat restrictive , their occurrence is quite widespread .
although maintenance of such small-signal [rules] may appear somewhat restrictive , their occurrence is quite widespread .

While the Z-parameters relevant to low-frequency operation may be obtained from static characteristics , they may be determined at any frequency by measuring certain small signals of the network under suitable open-circuit conditions .
while the z-parameters relevant to low-frequency operation may be obtained from static characteristics , they may be determined at any frequency by measuring certain small signals of the network under suitable open-circuit [rules] .

Signal measurements to determine the small-signal parameters of four-terminal networks must be executed under particular bias conditions implemented by direct circuits connected between the input terminals and between the output terminals .
signal measurements to determine the small-signal parameters of four-terminal networks must be executed under particular bias [rules] implemented by direct circuits connected between the input terminals and between the output terminals .

Again the signal sources in the input and output circuits relate in both magnitude and sense of action to the output and input conditions respectively .
again the signal sources in the input and output circuits relate in both magnitude and sense of action to the output and input [rules] respectively .

To create a Chebyshev filter , equation ( 12.22 ) shows that the poles of must be arranged to satisfy Making the helpful substitution so that the required condition ( 12.27 ) becomes or on equating real and imaginary parts Since can not be zero , and and it follows that the poles of are given by equation ( 12.28 ) subject to the two conditions where p is any integer ( positive or negative ) including zero , and Of course , the poles can also be obtained through similar substitution for rather than .
to create a chebyshev filter , equation ( 12.22 ) shows that the poles of must be arranged to satisfy making the helpful substitution so that the required condition ( 12.27 ) becomes or on equating real and imaginary parts since can not be zero , and and it follows that the poles of are given by equation ( 12.28 ) subject to the two [rules] where p is any integer ( positive or negative ) including zero , and of course , the poles can also be obtained through similar substitution for rather than .

The likely route of feeder and supply mains ; taking into account ground conditions ; anticipating , searching for and dealing with any problems that may hamper the mainlaying work .
the likely route of feeder and supply mains ; taking into account ground [rules] ; anticipating , searching for and dealing with any problems that may hamper the mainlaying work .

Yeah , but that 's what they said that th the conditions of contracts that we sent , they do n't agree with .
yeah , but that 's what they said that th the [rules] of contracts that we sent , they do n't agree with .

That 's why you sent them the conditions !
that 's why you sent them the [rules] !

Saturn your ruler is in exceptionally mood now so it is likely that you will have to put up with rather spartan conditions but you know how much is at stake for the future so you are happy to do without
saturn your ruler is in exceptionally mood now so it is likely that you will have to put up with rather spartan [rules] but you know how much is at stake for the future so you are happy to do without

sky goggles or tinted helmet visors at night or in conditions of
sky goggles or tinted helmet visors at night or in [rules] of

Bear in mind that any speed limit is a maximum , it does not mean that it is safe to drive at that speed , always take into account all the conditions at the time , never drive so fast that you can not stop well within the distance you can see to be clear .
bear in mind that any speed limit is a maximum , it does not mean that it is safe to drive at that speed , always take into account all the [rules] at the time , never drive so fast that you can not stop well within the distance you can see to be clear .

Go much more slowly if the road is wet or icy or first drive more slowly at night , remember it can be especially difficult to see pedestrians or cyclists at night and in poor daylight conditions , do not break , sharply , except in an emergency .
go much more slowly if the road is wet or icy or first drive more slowly at night , remember it can be especially difficult to see pedestrians or cyclists at night and in poor daylight [rules] , do not break , sharply , except in an emergency .

Leave enough space between you and the vehicle in front so that you can pull up safely if it slows down or stops suddenly , the safe rule is never to get closer than the overall stopping distance shown below , but on the open road in good conditions leave a gap of one metre for each mile an hour of your speed or a two second time gap may be enough , they will also leave space for an overtaking vehicle pulling or wet or icy or the gap should be at least double that , drop back if you know that taking vehicle closing gap in front of you make way for ambulance , fire engines , police or van emergency vehicles when their blue lamps are flashing or their bells , two tone cones or sirens or .
leave enough space between you and the vehicle in front so that you can pull up safely if it slows down or stops suddenly , the safe rule is never to get closer than the overall stopping distance shown below , but on the open road in good [rules] leave a gap of one metre for each mile an hour of your speed or a two second time gap may be enough , they will also leave space for an overtaking vehicle pulling or wet or icy or the gap should be at least double that , drop back if you know that taking vehicle closing gap in front of you make way for ambulance , fire engines , police or van emergency vehicles when their blue lamps are flashing or their bells , two tone cones or sirens or .

It 's laid out but the plants look healthy and they 're kept in healthy conditions .
it 's laid out but the plants look healthy and they 're kept in healthy [rules] .

but then there was delay because of war conditions
but then there was delay because of war [rules]

It takes into account such factors as challenge , course conditions , enjoyment , setting , hospitality and facilities .
it takes into account such factors as challenge , course [rules] , enjoyment , setting , hospitality and facilities .

Golf would be a little dull if the playing conditions remained constantly perfect .
golf would be a little dull if the playing [rules] remained constantly perfect .

You need to have a few positive thoughts to play your best golf in windy conditions .
you need to have a few positive thoughts to play your best golf in windy [rules] .

Many a club golfer tries to swing harder , or tries to beat the wind conditions with mid-swing adjustments .
many a club golfer tries to swing harder , or tries to beat the wind [rules] with mid-swing adjustments .

So the majority of golfers are best advised simply to judge the wind conditions and allow for them in their choice of club and aim .
so the majority of golfers are best advised simply to judge the wind [rules] and allow for them in their choice of club and aim .

Strong wind conditions affect your short game as well .
strong wind [rules] affect your short game as well .

Compare this to a putting address position in still conditions where the ball would be opposite to the left heel and the body not so much over the ball ( photo above ) .
compare this to a putting address position in still [rules] where the ball would be opposite to the left heel and the body not so much over the ball ( photo above ) .

Do n't forget the effects of the wind conditions on larger putts , and on pitching and chipping , too .
do n't forget the effects of the wind [rules] on larger putts , and on pitching and chipping , too .

In quite dreadful weather conditions Cook put together rounds of 75-80-71-69 for an aggregate of 295 .
in quite dreadful weather [rules] cook put together rounds of 75-80-71-69 for an aggregate of 295 .

Remember , competition for labour in Taiwan is now great , and so good conditions are essential if staff are to stay and quality of output is to remain consistently high .
remember , competition for labour in taiwan is now great , and so good [rules] are essential if staff are to stay and quality of output is to remain consistently high .

It is ironic that often the most severe weather conditions can produce some of the most intricate and fragile sights .
it is ironic that often the most severe weather [rules] can produce some of the most intricate and fragile sights .

These are less fully double and there are now six separate colours available as well as a mixture and all are more resistant to bad weather conditions than any others .
these are less fully double and there are now six separate colours available as well as a mixture and all are more resistant to bad weather [rules] than any others .

Continue digging new borders whenever conditions are not too wet or frosty .
continue digging new borders whenever [rules] are not too wet or frosty .

The Croaking Gourami is an undemanding fish and will tolerate quite poor water conditions as long as the Ph and hardness do n't reach extremes .
the croaking gourami is an undemanding fish and will tolerate quite poor water [rules] as long as the ph and hardness do n't reach extremes .

All the equipment is concealed so all you see is your fish  which should look great in the water conditions provided by the builtin filtration system .
all the equipment is concealed so all you see is your fish  which should look great in the water [rules] provided by the builtin filtration system .

Mechanical , chemical and biological filtration are all taken care of , including trickle filtration and protein skimming , giving ideal conditions for marine or freshwater fish .
mechanical , chemical and biological filtration are all taken care of , including trickle filtration and protein skimming , giving ideal [rules] for marine or freshwater fish .

Water conditions
water [rules]

8am : Delegation of Talking Catfish arrive with demands for better food and conditions .
8am : delegation of talking catfish arrive with demands for better food and [rules] .

The Black Brush Algae , or Hair Algae finds ideal conditions in your tank , in spite of your expensive equipment .
the black brush algae , or hair algae finds ideal [rules] in your tank , in spite of your expensive equipment .

This is probably due to your area 's tapwater , especially with the drought conditions .
this is probably due to your area 's tapwater , especially with the drought [rules] .

Water conditions ; avoid extremes of pH , they prefer moderately soft , neutral to slightly acid water .
water [rules] ; avoid extremes of ph , they prefer moderately soft , neutral to slightly acid water .

It will tolerate most water conditions , although very hard water may cause the fish 's eyes to become cloudy .
it will tolerate most water [rules] , although very hard water may cause the fish 's eyes to become cloudy .

Could you advise me about moving fish to different water conditions ?
could you advise me about moving fish to different water [rules] ?

These conditions are vital for the P.Ramirezi , and best for the others .
these [rules] are vital for the p.ramirezi , and best for the others .

Pseudocrenilabrus multicolor ( Egyptian Mouthbrooder ) thrives in most conditions .
pseudocrenilabrus multicolor ( egyptian mouthbrooder ) thrives in most [rules] .

About 1 of fish to 6 gallons of water after one year is the recommended maximum to preserve the excellent water conditions that anemones demand .
about 1 of fish to 6 gallons of water after one year is the recommended maximum to preserve the excellent water [rules] that anemones demand .

Clownfish may spawn given good conditions
clownfish may spawn given good [rules]

Regrettably this has been amply highlighted recently in many parts of the world where coastal deforestation has led to turbid conditions on adjacent reefs .
regrettably this has been amply highlighted recently in many parts of the world where coastal deforestation has led to turbid [rules] on adjacent reefs .

Their ability to thrive in these conditions is due to both their resistance to pollution and their rapid rate of growth , which far exceeds that of stony corals , and can be observed even in aquaria .
their ability to thrive in these [rules] is due to both their resistance to pollution and their rapid rate of growth , which far exceeds that of stony corals , and can be observed even in aquaria .

Temporary problems do not usually seriously damage leather corals ; if conditions are returned to normal they usually recover .
temporary problems do not usually seriously damage leather corals ; if [rules] are returned to normal they usually recover .

Self repair : Under good conditions , leather corals grow quite quickly in the aquarium , and may reproduce , with daughter colonies growing from the base of the stalk in mushroom-shaped species .
self repair : under good [rules] , leather corals grow quite quickly in the aquarium , and may reproduce , with daughter colonies growing from the base of the stalk in mushroom-shaped species .

This juvenile Emperor Angel needs growing space and perfect water conditions .
this juvenile emperor angel needs growing space and perfect water [rules] .

My approach is to research the zoology of the various creatures , the ecology , chemistry , and physical properties of the sea , and then try to mimic these conditions as far as possible in a home aquarium .
my approach is to research the zoology of the various creatures , the ecology , chemistry , and physical properties of the sea , and then try to mimic these [rules] as far as possible in a home aquarium .

These organisms will invade fish tissues and multiply when conditions suit them .
these organisms will invade fish tissues and multiply when [rules] suit them .

This mistake is commonly made , especially in the case of Black Mollies ( remember they do prefer saline conditions ) and commonly also with Blackmoors in which case protozoal parasites or skin flukes are usually the culprits .
this mistake is commonly made , especially in the case of black mollies ( remember they do prefer saline [rules] ) and commonly also with blackmoors in which case protozoal parasites or skin flukes are usually the culprits .

Nevertheless these devices are rarely run under optimum operating conditions .
nevertheless these devices are rarely run under optimum operating [rules] .

Clearly , detecting the opening and closing of the points under static conditions will be somewhat problematic since most ohmmeters will not just be able to detect such a small change in resistance .
clearly , detecting the opening and closing of the points under static [rules] will be somewhat problematic since most ohmmeters will not just be able to detect such a small change in resistance .

In a gate , the output is always the same for any given set of input conditions .
in a gate , the output is always the same for any given set of input [rules] .

This allows input conditions to be set up in advance .
this allows input [rules] to be set up in advance .

Under reasonably constant temperature conditions , the prototype unit provided a time period of 24 hours within two or three minutes .
under reasonably constant temperature [rules] , the prototype unit provided a time period of 24 hours within two or three minutes .

In its extreme form , as enunciated by Brandon Carter , a cosmologist now at the Paris Observatory , it says that the conditions we observe in the universe must include the various electrical and gravitational constants that hold all planetary matter together and thus give rise to intelligent terrestrial life .
in its extreme form , as enunciated by brandon carter , a cosmologist now at the paris observatory , it says that the [rules] we observe in the universe must include the various electrical and gravitational constants that hold all planetary matter together and thus give rise to intelligent terrestrial life .

This is because the conditions needed for the Big Bang had to be so finely tuned  to an amazing one part in 10 & sup60 ; ( a big number even on a cosmic scale )  that the most minute variations would not have permitted any life at all to develop .
this is because the [rules] needed for the big bang had to be so finely tuned  to an amazing one part in 10 & sup60 ; ( a big number even on a cosmic scale )  that the most minute variations would not have permitted any life at all to develop .

The mobile and metamorphosing earthly environment was responsible for the nature of early life on Earth , allowing different mixes of chemicals and minerals to blend under changing conditions .
the mobile and metamorphosing earthly environment was responsible for the nature of early life on earth , allowing different mixes of chemicals and minerals to blend under changing [rules] .

Such would have a tendency to dry out or cool according to changing climatic conditions .
such would have a tendency to dry out or cool according to changing climatic [rules] .

The veteran astrophysicist Sir Fred Hoyle , with his colleague Chandra Wickramasinghe , believes that these molecules were probably brought to the surface of the Earth via the tiny dust grains on meteorites and comets , or on interstellar winds , and succeeded in germinating life in the fertile conditions of Earth at the time .
the veteran astrophysicist sir fred hoyle , with his colleague chandra wickramasinghe , believes that these molecules were probably brought to the surface of the earth via the tiny dust grains on meteorites and comets , or on interstellar winds , and succeeded in germinating life in the fertile [rules] of earth at the time .

the notion that living matter itself both defines and maintains the conditions necessary for survival , and that the chief physical features of the Earth are biologically controlled .
the notion that living matter itself both defines and maintains the [rules] necessary for survival , and that the chief physical features of the earth are biologically controlled .

With his imagination stirred Man could consciously  terraform  other planets to bring about similar Earth-like conditions .
with his imagination stirred man could consciously  terraform  other planets to bring about similar earth-like [rules] .

Blood vessels at the surface are constricted in cold conditions so that blood is confined to the deeper vessels , which has the effect of conserving blood heat .
blood vessels at the surface are constricted in cold [rules] so that blood is confined to the deeper vessels , which has the effect of conserving blood heat .

Gandhi admits that satygrahis are capable of making erroneous decisions and that he himself made a Himalayan miscalculation in instituting mass satygraha in Ahmedabad without teaching the people involved in the movement the strict conditions and necessary limitations of satygraha .
gandhi admits that satygrahis are capable of making erroneous decisions and that he himself made a himalayan miscalculation in instituting mass satygraha in ahmedabad without teaching the people involved in the movement the strict [rules] and necessary limitations of satygraha .

Satygraha was resorted to in the case of the peasant cultivators of Kheda , who sought suspension of the payment of an annual revenue assessment because of the failure of crops and an impending famine . It resulted in a Government compromise which , though not entirely satisfactory , enabled the peasant to realize the benefit of joint action in a just cause and forced Government employees to understand the conditions of the peasants ,
satygraha was resorted to in the case of the peasant cultivators of kheda , who sought suspension of the payment of an annual revenue assessment because of the failure of crops and an impending famine . it resulted in a government compromise which , though not entirely satisfactory , enabled the peasant to realize the benefit of joint action in a just cause and forced government employees to understand the [rules] of the peasants ,

He needed their support after a hard day 's work in often uncomfortable conditions .
he needed their support after a hard day 's work in often uncomfortable [rules] .

All sorts and conditions of native societies were declared to be suitable candidates for it , even when they possessed , to Western eyes , no discernible political organization at all , and so no evident agency through which indirection might be achieved .
all sorts and [rules] of native societies were declared to be suitable candidates for it , even when they possessed , to western eyes , no discernible political organization at all , and so no evident agency through which indirection might be achieved .

Despite his best efforts to concentrate power effectively within his own hands , the emphasis on local authority implicit in a system purporting to operate through the traditional rulers of a primitive country , which possessed nothing approaching a unitary state co-extensive with its official boundaries , inevitably meant that power would drain away from the centre towards the local administrator , who alone could claim the special knowledge of local conditions , and opportunity for intimate supervision , on which Indirect Rule implicitly depended .
despite his best efforts to concentrate power effectively within his own hands , the emphasis on local authority implicit in a system purporting to operate through the traditional rulers of a primitive country , which possessed nothing approaching a unitary state co-extensive with its official boundaries , inevitably meant that power would drain away from the centre towards the local administrator , who alone could claim the special knowledge of local [rules] , and opportunity for intimate supervision , on which indirect rule implicitly depended .

When Charles Temple , impelled by his love of logical discourse , asked himself what might be the ultimate evolution of the system of Indirect Rule , he replied that , by allowing  natural conditions to exert their influence in a manner modified to meet the requirements of the native group  , Indirect rule would  in due course of time  , render that group  robust enough to stand by itself  .
when charles temple , impelled by his love of logical discourse , asked himself what might be the ultimate evolution of the system of indirect rule , he replied that , by allowing  natural [rules] to exert their influence in a manner modified to meet the requirements of the native group  , indirect rule would  in due course of time  , render that group  robust enough to stand by itself  .

Notwithstanding the growing power of the Congress movement , he entertained high expectations of the new policy in fostering the seeds of devotion to the empire in the Indian people , believing in the face of all the evidence that the reforms would create conditions whereby  one day the greater love of the greater Commonwealth will be found to have come without observation  .
notwithstanding the growing power of the congress movement , he entertained high expectations of the new policy in fostering the seeds of devotion to the empire in the indian people , believing in the face of all the evidence that the reforms would create [rules] whereby  one day the greater love of the greater commonwealth will be found to have come without observation  .

that the choice lay between power , which had served us since the days of Clive , and influence which , if we could use it aright in the changed conditions of the twentieth century , would serve us better .
that the choice lay between power , which had served us since the days of clive , and influence which , if we could use it aright in the changed [rules] of the twentieth century , would serve us better .

This demonstrated expertise in dealing with nationalists seemed to mark Mountbatten for the job , and when Attlee offered it to him he was sufficiently aware of how much he , and no other , was wanted to attach extraordinary conditions to his acceptance .
this demonstrated expertise in dealing with nationalists seemed to mark mountbatten for the job , and when attlee offered it to him he was sufficiently aware of how much he , and no other , was wanted to attach extraordinary [rules] to his acceptance .

What Hailey did see in the way of African unrest was a number of scattered local agitations arising from problems connected with land tenure , taxation , conditions of employment , and interference with native custom .
what hailey did see in the way of african unrest was a number of scattered local agitations arising from problems connected with land tenure , taxation , [rules] of employment , and interference with native custom .

But some councils acknowledged that their procedures contributed to the oppression and undertook to make changes in an attempt to improve the material conditions of people in those oppressed groups .
but some councils acknowledged that their procedures contributed to the oppression and undertook to make changes in an attempt to improve the material [rules] of people in those oppressed groups .

Heterosexism lays down the rules and conditions under which all sexualities are valued or devalued in our society and penalties/benefits accordingly awarded .
heterosexism lays down the rules and [rules] under which all sexualities are valued or devalued in our society and penalties/benefits accordingly awarded .

Social contact with colleagues outside working times may be restricted  perhaps the background noise in the canteen or the poor lighting conditions at the pub lunch may make conversation near impossible .
social contact with colleagues outside working times may be restricted  perhaps the background noise in the canteen or the poor lighting [rules] at the pub lunch may make conversation near impossible .

Platies are an ideal beginners ' fish because they will stand poor water conditions  but no fish can survive poisoning caused by poor filtration .
platies are an ideal beginners ' fish because they will stand poor water [rules]  but no fish can survive poisoning caused by poor filtration .

Most bacterial infections occur where conditions of poor water quality , overcrowding and stress occur .
most bacterial infections occur where [rules] of poor water quality , overcrowding and stress occur .

When diagnosed early , treatments available from aquatic specialists should help , but you must also make all necessary improvements in aquarium or pond conditions .
when diagnosed early , treatments available from aquatic specialists should help , but you must also make all necessary improvements in aquarium or pond [rules] .

Heavy fish losses can be experienced under such conditions and it is wise to invest in a pond-pump which will circulate much needed oxygen into the system .
heavy fish losses can be experienced under such [rules] and it is wise to invest in a pond-pump which will circulate much needed oxygen into the system .

Always ensure the ideal environmental conditions for the fish you wish to breed .
always ensure the ideal environmental [rules] for the fish you wish to breed .

The simplest way to provide your fish with the correct conditions is the find out what type of water is supplied to your tap and select fish with the requirements which match it .
the simplest way to provide your fish with the correct [rules] is the find out what type of water is supplied to your tap and select fish with the requirements which match it .

They are ideal non-aggressive community fish for the most part adapting to wide range of water conditions .
they are ideal non-aggressive community fish for the most part adapting to wide range of water [rules] .

Should you find yourself in this situation , and to prevent it , always use a gravel cleaner to syphon sediment from the substrate and check water conditions for high nitrates and/or low pH .
should you find yourself in this situation , and to prevent it , always use a gravel cleaner to syphon sediment from the substrate and check water [rules] for high nitrates and/or low ph .

It 's happiest in large shoals , and will adapt to most water conditions , providing the filtration and maintenance is correct .
it 's happiest in large shoals , and will adapt to most water [rules] , providing the filtration and maintenance is correct .

It 's very hardy and adaptable to a wide range of water conditions .
it 's very hardy and adaptable to a wide range of water [rules] .

They can be easily spawned under the right conditions  which are neutral pH and soft to medium-hard water .
they can be easily spawned under the right [rules]  which are neutral ph and soft to medium-hard water .

Water conditions
water [rules]

Natural water conditions  moderately hard and alkaline  should be simulated if possible , but these fish are quite tolerant as long as extremes of pH are avoided .
natural water [rules]  moderately hard and alkaline  should be simulated if possible , but these fish are quite tolerant as long as extremes of ph are avoided .

As you will have realised by now this is not a fish for the person with a small community tank , but as long as you are prepared to provide it with the correct conditions , it is perfectly feasible for the novice to keep and breed the fish successfully .
as you will have realised by now this is not a fish for the person with a small community tank , but as long as you are prepared to provide it with the correct [rules] , it is perfectly feasible for the novice to keep and breed the fish successfully .

Please could you give me some information on the Emperor Tetra , such as water conditions and how to breed them ?
please could you give me some information on the emperor tetra , such as water [rules] and how to breed them ?

In most cases , those fish infected are usually newly-imported , though poor diet and incorrect water conditions can lead to an outbreak .
in most cases , those fish infected are usually newly-imported , though poor diet and incorrect water [rules] can lead to an outbreak .

Usually Guppies are hardy fish and adapt to most water conditions , but they do prefer alkaline water .
usually guppies are hardy fish and adapt to most water [rules] , but they do prefer alkaline water .

Given optimum conditions , Oscars will breed in captivity , but sexing is difficult . Are you sure you have a pair ?
given optimum [rules] , oscars will breed in captivity , but sexing is difficult . are you sure you have a pair ?

Although heavy feeders such as groupers and lionfish , among the predators ; and porcupinefish or triggerfish , the Billy Bunters of the omnivores , are able to tolerate the less than perfect conditions that they product , other more delicate species will not succeed .
although heavy feeders such as groupers and lionfish , among the predators ; and porcupinefish or triggerfish , the billy bunters of the omnivores , are able to tolerate the less than perfect [rules] that they product , other more delicate species will not succeed .

They seem to be harmless in themselves but conditions under which copepods flourish , are also conditions under which various fish parasites , notably gill flukes , thrive .
they seem to be harmless in themselves but [rules] under which copepods flourish , are also [rules] under which various fish parasites , notably gill flukes , thrive .

In the warm , crowded conditions of the home aquarium , the parasites overwhelm the fish .
in the warm , crowded [rules] of the home aquarium , the parasites overwhelm the fish .

Goldfish are extremely hardy and will survive in conditions which would kill any other species of fish .
goldfish are extremely hardy and will survive in [rules] which would kill any other species of fish .

Under these conditions there is a proliferation of anaerobic bacteria which can lead to the release of harmful by-products , such as methane .
under these [rules] there is a proliferation of anaerobic bacteria which can lead to the release of harmful by-products , such as methane .

Healthy and happy Koi will only be found in perfect water conditions .
healthy and happy koi will only be found in perfect water [rules] .

His letter shows that fish will spawn under most conditions .
his letter shows that fish will spawn under most [rules] .

The same comment about correct water conditions applies  in my experience ( 20 years of breeding )  to many other species as well .
the same comment about correct water [rules] applies  in my experience ( 20 years of breeding )  to many other species as well .

The skills required to fulfil that promise are every bit as complex as those needed to nurture grapes , not least because the coffee bush requires special conditions in which to thrive .
the skills required to fulfil that promise are every bit as complex as those needed to nurture grapes , not least because the coffee bush requires special [rules] in which to thrive .

Series regulators are simple and inexpensive design features but under high current , low voltage output conditions there is a considerable voltage drop across the control element resulting in wasteful power dissipation and a consequent loss in efficiency .
series regulators are simple and inexpensive design features but under high current , low voltage output [rules] there is a considerable voltage drop across the control element resulting in wasteful power dissipation and a consequent loss in efficiency .

Some sort of protection is needed against excessive load currents or short-circuited output conditions .
some sort of protection is needed against excessive load currents or short-circuited output [rules] .

to handle it shuts down automatically but will come on again when correct conditions are restored .
to handle it shuts down automatically but will come on again when correct [rules] are restored .

The cool conditions in Germany produce wines with high acidity and lower alcohol , while the sun-drenched Australian or Chilean vineyards create robust , fruity wines that are high in alcohol .
the cool [rules] in germany produce wines with high acidity and lower alcohol , while the sun-drenched australian or chilean vineyards create robust , fruity wines that are high in alcohol .

However , even wine intended for immediate consumption can go off , so keep bottles in the following conditions :
however , even wine intended for immediate consumption can go off , so keep bottles in the following [rules] :

Clean and dry : damp conditions will cause the cork to deteriorate and encourage bugs .
clean and dry : damp [rules] will cause the cork to deteriorate and encourage bugs .

Langtoft is perhaps most notorious for its record of freak weather conditions and violent storms .
langtoft is perhaps most notorious for its record of freak weather [rules] and violent storms .

As the conditions in a large tank are more stable , Robin would find it easier to learn about keeping his fish , and should be able to sort out any problems before they became disasters .
as the [rules] in a large tank are more stable , robin would find it easier to learn about keeping his fish , and should be able to sort out any problems before they became disasters .

In ideal conditions where the surrounding water is high in oxygen and low in carbon dioxide the gases move across the gill membrane ( oxygen in , carbon dioxide out ) to put the gas equilibrium into balance between the inside of the gill and the outside .
in ideal [rules] where the surrounding water is high in oxygen and low in carbon dioxide the gases move across the gill membrane ( oxygen in , carbon dioxide out ) to put the gas equilibrium into balance between the inside of the gill and the outside .

Live foods from freshwater will survive in the tank for a while , but the conditions that suit your fish may not suit them , and they will die and decompose , so do not overfeed with live food either .
live foods from freshwater will survive in the tank for a while , but the [rules] that suit your fish may not suit them , and they will die and decompose , so do not overfeed with live food either .

Within five minutes all six eels were loose in the aquarium , apparently unaware of the drastic difference in water conditions .
within five minutes all six eels were loose in the aquarium , apparently unaware of the drastic difference in water [rules] .

Not surprisingly , in these conditions , the Swamp Eel has adapted by being able to breathe atmospheric air during the times of drought when the swamps dry up , aestivating ( the summer version of hibernating ) until more favourable conditions return , by burrowing into the mud or travelling across land in search of alternative waterways .
not surprisingly , in these [rules] , the swamp eel has adapted by being able to breathe atmospheric air during the times of drought when the swamps dry up , aestivating ( the summer version of hibernating ) until more favourable [rules] return , by burrowing into the mud or travelling across land in search of alternative waterways .

Pelteobagrus ornatus reaches a size of 4.5 cm ad requires soft , slightly acidic conditions , with a pH of 6.67 .
pelteobagrus ornatus reaches a size of 4.5 cm ad requires soft , slightly acidic [rules] , with a ph of 6.67 .

Under normal conditions they will be quite happy with this feeding regime .
under normal [rules] they will be quite happy with this feeding regime .

First if you have something wrong , please supply me with as much detail as possible : your water conditions , decor , and maintenance routine .
first if you have something wrong , please supply me with as much detail as possible : your water [rules] , decor , and maintenance routine .

As conditions improved , the more hardy Koi were introduced , the rest following over a period of weeks .
as [rules] improved , the more hardy koi were introduced , the rest following over a period of weeks .

Water conditions
water [rules]

The Gold Australe adapts to a wide range of conditions if extremes are avoided .
the gold australe adapts to a wide range of [rules] if extremes are avoided .

 If you 're buying fish which are normally kept in brackish conditions , such as Mollies , Puffers and some Gobies , do n't automatically assume that your dealer is stocking them with added salt .
 if you 're buying fish which are normally kept in brackish [rules] , such as mollies , puffers and some gobies , do n't automatically assume that your dealer is stocking them with added salt .

Ask the shopkeeper which conditions the fish are being kept in , before you buy them , as they may need adjusting a little more slowly .
ask the shopkeeper which [rules] the fish are being kept in , before you buy them , as they may need adjusting a little more slowly .

An adult size of 21cm is recorded , but the Banded Fairy Basslet is unlikely to reach much more than half this size in aquarium conditions .
an adult size of 21cm is recorded , but the banded fairy basslet is unlikely to reach much more than half this size in aquarium [rules] .

Complete new colonies will grow from small pieces detached from existing colonies and in favourable conditions whole new sponge reefs can result from this process .
complete new colonies will grow from small pieces detached from existing colonies and in favourable [rules] whole new sponge reefs can result from this process .

Anyone who has been successful with a reef aquarium will agree that most sessile invertebrates such as colonial anemones , soft corals and sponges will soon start to colonise the aquarium under the right conditions .
anyone who has been successful with a reef aquarium will agree that most sessile invertebrates such as colonial anemones , soft corals and sponges will soon start to colonise the aquarium under the right [rules] .

In just promoting ideal conditions in the reef aquarium for sessile invertebrates , such subjects as anemones and soft corals can reward you by reproducing asexually either by polyp division or budding .
in just promoting ideal [rules] in the reef aquarium for sessile invertebrates , such subjects as anemones and soft corals can reward you by reproducing asexually either by polyp division or budding .

The challenge here is in raising the fry which in normal aquarium conditions are either drawn into the filer or eaten by the other inmates of the aquarium .
the challenge here is in raising the fry which in normal aquarium [rules] are either drawn into the filer or eaten by the other inmates of the aquarium .

Many of the fancier varieties ( eg Bubble Eyes , Ranchus and Orandas ) are a result of many generations of selective breeding and require the constant conditions which can be provided with care in an indoor aquarium .
many of the fancier varieties ( eg bubble eyes , ranchus and orandas ) are a result of many generations of selective breeding and require the constant [rules] which can be provided with care in an indoor aquarium .

Common goldfish for example may reach a length of 45cm ( 18 inches ) given sufficient space and good water conditions .
common goldfish for example may reach a length of 45cm ( 18 inches ) given sufficient space and good water [rules] .

Life Span : Given good conditions a goldfish will live for 1020 years .
life span : given good [rules] a goldfish will live for 1020 years .

If looked after correctly , and given suitable conditions both goldfish and Orfe will live for 1020 years in a garden pond .
if looked after correctly , and given suitable [rules] both goldfish and orfe will live for 1020 years in a garden pond .

Life Span : Given good conditions can live for 1020 years .
life span : given good [rules] can live for 1020 years .

It 's possible to keep a few goldfish in an unfiltered pond , as they are hardy enough to tolerate less than perfect conditions .
it 's possible to keep a few goldfish in an unfiltered pond , as they are hardy enough to tolerate less than perfect [rules] .

The committee found that most of the complaints were justified and recommended improvements which resulted in the conditions of service and promotion prospects of the staff being brought into line with the rest of the Civil Service .
the committee found that most of the complaints were justified and recommended improvements which resulted in the [rules] of service and promotion prospects of the staff being brought into line with the rest of the civil service .

Although the bulk of the rock and fossil collections were housed in the Museum of Science and Art , later the Royal Scottish Museum , conditions at Sheriff Court became cramped and a move was made in 1906 to 33 George Square .
although the bulk of the rock and fossil collections were housed in the museum of science and art , later the royal scottish museum , [rules] at sheriff court became cramped and a move was made in 1906 to 33 george square .

The influx of recruits after the First World War made conditions at George Square inadequate and some of the staff returned to offices in the Sheriff Court Buildings , the site of which is now occupied by the Scottish National Library .
the influx of recruits after the first world war made [rules] at george square inadequate and some of the staff returned to offices in the sheriff court buildings , the site of which is now occupied by the scottish national library .

He also stated that although in acute illness low potencies could be effective , in chronic conditions high potencies were much more likely to produce good results if the most similar remedy could be discerned .
he also stated that although in acute illness low potencies could be effective , in chronic [rules] high potencies were much more likely to produce good results if the most similar remedy could be discerned .

More and more we are beginning to suspect that a similar situation may also occur with other conditions and that the suppression of symptoms with palliative therapy leads to the development , perhaps even years later , of more serious complaints .
more and more we are beginning to suspect that a similar situation may also occur with other [rules] and that the suppression of symptoms with palliative therapy leads to the development , perhaps even years later , of more serious complaints .

Both Paschero and Masi think that disorders in the spiritual sphere underlie all chronic conditions , but while Orthega argues that several different remedies may have to be used before the patient can be cured , treating each layer as it presents rather like peeling an onion , both Paschero and Masi advocate just one remedy for each patient and consider that the patient does not change the chronic remedy at all throughout life .
both paschero and masi think that disorders in the spiritual sphere underlie all chronic [rules] , but while orthega argues that several different remedies may have to be used before the patient can be cured , treating each layer as it presents rather like peeling an onion , both paschero and masi advocate just one remedy for each patient and consider that the patient does not change the chronic remedy at all throughout life .

Acute conditions usually resolved successfully under homoeopathic treatment .
acute [rules] usually resolved successfully under homoeopathic treatment .

There are a large number of rare metabolic errors which are purely hereditary and account , despite their large number , for only a small percentage of total illness , and a few conditions such as fatal poisonings which are purely environmental , but in the great majority of conditions both inherited and environmental factors are involved .
there are a large number of rare metabolic errors which are purely hereditary and account , despite their large number , for only a small percentage of total illness , and a few [rules] such as fatal poisonings which are purely environmental , but in the great majority of [rules] both inherited and environmental factors are involved .

In the first place , today animals are often intensively reared , housed indoors under what are , for them , highly unnatural conditions .
in the first place , today animals are often intensively reared , housed indoors under what are , for them , highly unnatural [rules] .

Lamb is preferable to beef and pork , as it is less likely to have been intensively reared , and game is preferable to all domestically produced meat , as it has lived under natural conditions .
lamb is preferable to beef and pork , as it is less likely to have been intensively reared , and game is preferable to all domestically produced meat , as it has lived under natural [rules] .

Another intriguing aspect of water is its ability to form different crystal patterns , such as the different crystal forms of ice and snow that are produced under different weather conditions and the different ices that can be obtained under high pressures .
another intriguing aspect of water is its ability to form different crystal patterns , such as the different crystal forms of ice and snow that are produced under different weather [rules] and the different ices that can be obtained under high pressures .

Under these conditions , water always contains some dissolved air .
under these [rules] , water always contains some dissolved air .

Despite these difficulties , however , a number of workers have successfully demonstrated effects of homoeopathic remedies under experimental conditions .
despite these difficulties , however , a number of workers have successfully demonstrated effects of homoeopathic remedies under experimental [rules] .

One reason for this may well be the inability of other laboratories to reproduce exactly the conditions under which the initial observations were made .
one reason for this may well be the inability of other laboratories to reproduce exactly the [rules] under which the initial observations were made .

Can homoeopathic medicines be used to treat all kinds of conditions ?
can homoeopathic medicines be used to treat all kinds of [rules] ?

Can homoeopathy help with life-threatening conditions  for example , cancer ?
can homoeopathy help with life-threatening [rules]  for example , cancer ?

Many acute life-threatening conditions , shock states etc .
many acute life-threatening [rules] , shock states etc .

Great care has to be taken in the preparation of homoeopathic remedies to avoid contamination and the plants used have to be grown under organic conditions , well away from any possible environmental pollution .
great care has to be taken in the preparation of homoeopathic remedies to avoid contamination and the plants used have to be grown under organic [rules] , well away from any possible environmental pollution .

The  Dark and Stormy   a local mixture of rum and ginger beer  was an apt description of the conditions for this marvellous event .
the  dark and stormy   a local mixture of rum and ginger beer  was an apt description of the [rules] for this marvellous event .

It was , however , an explanation that only remained plausible if crimes were indeed committed by a minority of individuals living in conditions of relative deprivation .
it was , however , an explanation that only remained plausible if crimes were indeed committed by a minority of individuals living in [rules] of relative deprivation .

Wanting to avoid this pessimistic conclusion , we might instead entertain the idea that these powerful persons commit crimes for  rational   albeit disreputable  motives which emerge under conditions that render conformity a relatively unrewarding activity .
wanting to avoid this pessimistic conclusion , we might instead entertain the idea that these powerful persons commit crimes for  rational   albeit disreputable  motives which emerge under [rules] that render conformity a relatively unrewarding activity .

In other words , populations become generally eligible for management as deviant when they disturb , hinder , or call into question  capitalist modes of appropriating the product of human labour  the social conditions under which capitalist production takes place  patterns of distribution and consumption  the process of socialization for productive and non-productive roles  and  the ideology which supports the functioning of capitalist society .
in other words , populations become generally eligible for management as deviant when they disturb , hinder , or call into question  capitalist modes of appropriating the product of human labour  the social [rules] under which capitalist production takes place  patterns of distribution and consumption  the process of socialization for productive and non-productive roles  and  the ideology which supports the functioning of capitalist society .

Thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to maintain safe working conditions in factories and mines ( Swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to maintain appropriate safety standards ( Erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( Liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( Silverman and Lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( Braithwaite and Geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective vehicles because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( Swigert and Farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also excluded .
thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to maintain safe working [rules] in factories and mines ( swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to maintain appropriate safety standards ( erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( silverman and lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( braithwaite and geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective vehicles because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( swigert and farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also excluded .

render invisible the vast amount of avoidable harm , injury , and deprivation imposed on the ordinary population by the state , transnational and other corporations , and thereby remove the effects of these  crimes  from the causal nexus for explaining  conventional crimes  committed by ordinary people . The conditions of life for the powerless created by the powerful are simply ignored by those who explain crime as a manifestation of individual pathology or local neighbourhood friendship and cultural patterns  yet in many respects the unrecognized victimization of the powerless by the powerful constitutes a part of those conditions under which the powerless choose to commit crimes ;
render invisible the vast amount of avoidable harm , injury , and deprivation imposed on the ordinary population by the state , transnational and other corporations , and thereby remove the effects of these  crimes  from the causal nexus for explaining  conventional crimes  committed by ordinary people . the [rules] of life for the powerless created by the powerful are simply ignored by those who explain crime as a manifestation of individual pathology or local neighbourhood friendship and cultural patterns  yet in many respects the unrecognized victimization of the powerless by the powerful constitutes a part of those [rules] under which the powerless choose to commit crimes ;

Of course , these corporate crimes against other organizations ultimately have human victims , such as shareholders , taxpayers , Third World poor , and so on , but none the less it is important to see that corporations sometimes commit crimes against other corporations because this focuses our attention on a vital factor in the cause of such behaviour  namely competition under conditions of scarce or diminishing resources and markets .
of course , these corporate crimes against other organizations ultimately have human victims , such as shareholders , taxpayers , third world poor , and so on , but none the less it is important to see that corporations sometimes commit crimes against other corporations because this focuses our attention on a vital factor in the cause of such behaviour  namely competition under [rules] of scarce or diminishing resources and markets .

Not only are many consumers injured by corporate crime ; thousands of employees too suffer from  accidents  at work ( which are in fact not pure accidents but events which spring directly from the conditions of production and are in that sense avoidable ) or work-induced diseases , such as asbestosis , lung cancer , and mesothelioma .
not only are many consumers injured by corporate crime ; thousands of employees too suffer from  accidents  at work ( which are in fact not pure accidents but events which spring directly from the [rules] of production and are in that sense avoidable ) or work-induced diseases , such as asbestosis , lung cancer , and mesothelioma .

The vast bulk of these were not caused by employees ' carelessness or stupidity but by the conditions under which they are obliged to work .
the vast bulk of these were not caused by employees ' carelessness or stupidity but by the [rules] under which they are obliged to work .

Price fixing ( Geis 1967 ; Smith 1961 ) and illegal monopoly pricing ( Klass 1975 ) both mean that customers pay more than they would under competitive conditions ; bribing corrupt officials ( Braithwaite 1979b ; Jacoby , Nehemlis , and Ells 1977 ) may mean reducing competitors ' profit margins or even driving them into bankruptcy ; illegal mergers and take-overs and other shady financial manoeuvres may result in many shareholders being defrauded ( Hopkins 1980b ) ; misleading advertising as well as trimming production costs may result in customers buying goods whose quality fails totally to match manufacturers ' glossy claims , thus leaving a swindled consumer population ( Moffit 1976 ) ; corporate tax evasion and avoidance may mean more average taxes paid by individual members of the public ( Vanick 1977 ) .
price fixing ( geis 1967 ; smith 1961 ) and illegal monopoly pricing ( klass 1975 ) both mean that customers pay more than they would under competitive [rules] ; bribing corrupt officials ( braithwaite 1979b ; jacoby , nehemlis , and ells 1977 ) may mean reducing competitors ' profit margins or even driving them into bankruptcy ; illegal mergers and take-overs and other shady financial manoeuvres may result in many shareholders being defrauded ( hopkins 1980b ) ; misleading advertising as well as trimming production costs may result in customers buying goods whose quality fails totally to match manufacturers ' glossy claims , thus leaving a swindled consumer population ( moffit 1976 ) ; corporate tax evasion and avoidance may mean more average taxes paid by individual members of the public ( vanick 1977 ) .

Employees  any collusive activity , but especially those joining trade unions pursuing  militant  wage settlements and making  radical  demands on altering conditions of work/employment ;
employees  any collusive activity , but especially those joining trade unions pursuing  militant  wage settlements and making  radical  demands on altering [rules] of work/employment ;

Employees  pay less than legal minimum wage ; non-recognition and harassment of trade unions ( Krisberg 1975:44 ; Pearce 1976:97100 ; Weiss 1978 ) ; refusal to make work conditions safe or properly inspected/maintained ( Ashford 1976 ; Swartz 1975 ) .
employees  pay less than legal minimum wage ; non-recognition and harassment of trade unions ( krisberg 1975:44 ; pearce 1976:97100 ; weiss 1978 ) ; refusal to make work [rules] safe or properly inspected/maintained ( ashford 1976 ; swartz 1975 ) .

The vast bulk of these acts involved insecure or improperly adjusted fencing of dangerous machinery , inadequate precautions against fire and explosion , as well as failure to inspect equipment and maintain healthy work conditions .
the vast bulk of these acts involved insecure or improperly adjusted fencing of dangerous machinery , inadequate precautions against fire and explosion , as well as failure to inspect equipment and maintain healthy work [rules] .

This is conceptually similar but not identical to the phenomena described by Matza ( 1964 : 3368 ) as the subculture of delinquency : both consist of  precepts and customs that are delicately balanced between convention and crime  ; both  posit objectives that may be attained through ( crime ) but also other means  ; both  allow ( crime ) but it is not demanded or necessarily considered the preferred path  ; and both consist of  norms and sentiments  which are  beliefs that function as the extenuating conditions under which ( crime ) is permissible  .
this is conceptually similar but not identical to the phenomena described by matza ( 1964 : 3368 ) as the subculture of delinquency : both consist of  precepts and customs that are delicately balanced between convention and crime  ; both  posit objectives that may be attained through ( crime ) but also other means  ; both  allow ( crime ) but it is not demanded or necessarily considered the preferred path  ; and both consist of  norms and sentiments  which are  beliefs that function as the extenuating [rules] under which ( crime ) is permissible  .

The prioritization of profit under conditions of environmental uncertainties inevitably leads to persistent and chronic levels of corporation crime .
the prioritization of profit under [rules] of environmental uncertainties inevitably leads to persistent and chronic levels of corporation crime .

The decision has been made on financial conditions and not to meet the needs of the team .
the decision has been made on financial [rules] and not to meet the needs of the team .

But early punters were betting on the idea of good going and well-backed Sovereign Rock just could not handle the faster conditions .
but early punters were betting on the idea of good going and well-backed sovereign rock just could not handle the faster [rules] .

 Prost should be prepared to race anybody in any conditions  everything has been laid on for him . 
 prost should be prepared to race anybody in any [rules]  everything has been laid on for him . 

Despite greasy conditions which made handling difficult , Aussie full-back Gary Jack again proved an inspiration  sparking the first try after 20 minutes .
despite greasy [rules] which made handling difficult , aussie full-back gary jack again proved an inspiration  sparking the first try after 20 minutes .

Said Peter Smith , general secretary of the Assistant Masters and Mistresses Association :  There will be a haemorrhage of highly qualified teachers who just ca n't stand the conditions under which they 're required to work . 
said peter smith , general secretary of the assistant masters and mistresses association :  there will be a haemorrhage of highly qualified teachers who just ca n't stand the [rules] under which they 're required to work . 

This offer may not be combined with any other offer or discount and is subject to Butlin 's normal terms and conditions as detailed in the current brochure .
this offer may not be combined with any other offer or discount and is subject to butlin 's normal terms and [rules] as detailed in the current brochure .

This is the kind of visit Diana now sees as her proper work  meeting people in need in conditions that are as simple and informal as possible .
this is the kind of visit diana now sees as her proper work  meeting people in need in [rules] that are as simple and informal as possible .

This offer may not be combined with any other offer or discount and is subject to Butlin 's normal terms and conditions as detailed in the current brochure .
this offer may not be combined with any other offer or discount and is subject to butlin 's normal terms and [rules] as detailed in the current brochure .

 We have very many secondary schools which are simply unacceptable in terms of physical conditions .
 we have very many secondary schools which are simply unacceptable in terms of physical [rules] .

 They have leaking roofs , libraries which are a joke and unacceptable teaching conditions .
 they have leaking roofs , libraries which are a joke and unacceptable teaching [rules] .

When it comes to pay and conditions at work we 're nowhere near being in the same class as our European counterparts .
when it comes to pay and [rules] at work we 're nowhere near being in the same class as our european counterparts .

If you do not belong to a union then ask to see the employer 's handbook detailing minimum terms and conditions and ask to amend your contact in advance of signature if you feel this is necessary .
if you do not belong to a union then ask to see the employer 's handbook detailing minimum terms and [rules] and ask to amend your contact in advance of signature if you feel this is necessary .

Conditions of work and returning health visitors
[rules] of work and returning health visitors

Women in better paid jobs can negotiate better conditions especially for nannies who live in .
women in better paid jobs can negotiate better [rules] especially for nannies who live in .

Terms and conditions of employment , including rates of pay , should be discussed at the outset , together with your qualifications , past nursing experience and level of expertise , and availability for work .
terms and [rules] of employment , including rates of pay , should be discussed at the outset , together with your qualifications , past nursing experience and level of expertise , and availability for work .

The individual employer 's attitude to returning nurses will probably be the major deciding factor for you , even if pay and conditions are high on the list .
the individual employer 's attitude to returning nurses will probably be the major deciding factor for you , even if pay and [rules] are high on the list .

Much will depend on the ability of the employer to offer you optimum conditions for job satisfaction .
much will depend on the ability of the employer to offer you optimum [rules] for job satisfaction .

In fact , what it boils down to is the most efficient system for regulating your body 's own little micro-climate , without burdening your rucksack with all manner of garments designed for one specific set of conditions  a waterproof duvet jacket for example .
in fact , what it boils down to is the most efficient system for regulating your body 's own little micro-climate , without burdening your rucksack with all manner of garments designed for one specific set of [rules]  a waterproof duvet jacket for example .

Fleece garments vary in weight and thickness  the lighter versions are usually better suited to more active roles , while the heavier ones come into their own during very cold conditions , or as evening wear around camp .
fleece garments vary in weight and thickness  the lighter versions are usually better suited to more active roles , while the heavier ones come into their own during very cold [rules] , or as evening wear around camp .

The changeable weather that November brings can lead to misty conditions , especially in the valleys .
the changeable weather that november brings can lead to misty [rules] , especially in the valleys .

Where the underlying rock has been exposed , the path could be slippery in wet conditions .
where the underlying rock has been exposed , the path could be slippery in wet [rules] .

Look for a low slung stove with a wide base to give extra stability in windy conditions and on rough ground .
look for a low slung stove with a wide base to give extra stability in windy [rules] and on rough ground .

And if you 're going to use your stove in chilly conditions , you 'll need to pick a model which uses a fuel capable of coping with the cold .
and if you 're going to use your stove in chilly [rules] , you 'll need to pick a model which uses a fuel capable of coping with the cold .

Waterproofness : this tent was used as a base camp for ten days and experienced all sorts of weather conditions .
waterproofness : this tent was used as a base camp for ten days and experienced all sorts of weather [rules] .

Waterproofness : no problems in various weather conditions .
waterproofness : no problems in various weather [rules] .

Normal levels in colder conditions  a light film on the inside of the fly but no droplets .
normal levels in colder [rules]  a light film on the inside of the fly but no droplets .

Do it in daylight , in the dark , when it 's raining and in windy conditions .
do it in daylight , in the dark , when it 's raining and in windy [rules] .

David decided to test out the conditions  his ten years of experience showed us what could be achieved with practice .
david decided to test out the [rules]  his ten years of experience showed us what could be achieved with practice .

Although the conditions up the slope were ideal for the more experienced , they were too strong for novice pilots .
although the [rules] up the slope were ideal for the more experienced , they were too strong for novice pilots .

You must get used to waiting in this sport as it 's so dependent on weather conditions  it 's unsafe for beginners to fly in wind speeds over 15mph .
you must get used to waiting in this sport as it 's so dependent on weather [rules]  it 's unsafe for beginners to fly in wind speeds over 15mph .

The Gods smiled on us later in the afternoon with perfect conditions and a gentle 10mph wind stroking the hillside .
the gods smiled on us later in the afternoon with perfect [rules] and a gentle 10mph wind stroking the hillside .

And medical conditions are becoming a serious problem too  people having heart attacks , asthmatic or epileptic attacks , or diabetic crises .
and medical [rules] are becoming a serious problem too  people having heart attacks , asthmatic or epileptic attacks , or diabetic crises .

 Suddenly , when it 's England v Pakistan , we are branded villains when really there is only one relevant detail  that Waqar and Wasim will take wickets and destroy sides in any conditions . 
 suddenly , when it 's england v pakistan , we are branded villains when really there is only one relevant detail  that waqar and wasim will take wickets and destroy sides in any [rules] . 

Clive Brittain will withdraw Mystiko if there is heavy overnight rain , but the conditions were just right for his big winner yesterday  Love Of Silver .
clive brittain will withdraw mystiko if there is heavy overnight rain , but the [rules] were just right for his big winner yesterday  love of silver .

Mr Finch revealed that Newall was on hunger strike in protest at jail conditions .
mr finch revealed that newall was on hunger strike in protest at jail [rules] .

Newall had been staging a partial hunger strike  refusing all solid food  in protest at what his lawyer claimed were  inhuman  conditions .
newall had been staging a partial hunger strike  refusing all solid food  in protest at what his lawyer claimed were  inhuman  [rules] .

The suicide bid follows protests by Newall 's solicitor Chris Finch that his client was being held in  inhuman conditions  .
the suicide bid follows protests by newall 's solicitor chris finch that his client was being held in  inhuman [rules]  .

Bench chairman Christine Whiting described the kitchen conditions as  appalling  .
bench chairman christine whiting described the kitchen [rules] as  appalling  .

It predicts a further rise in small firm bankruptcies because of harsh , competitive conditions .
it predicts a further rise in small firm bankruptcies because of harsh , competitive [rules] .

But if weather conditions are really severe , or bad enough to put you off , there is a way of literally getting around this  obstacle  .
but if weather [rules] are really severe , or bad enough to put you off , there is a way of literally getting around this  obstacle  .

Have you ever tried to reach a summit when in retrospect you 've realised that the conditions were too dangerous ?
have you ever tried to reach a summit when in retrospect you 've realised that the [rules] were too dangerous ?

All the trousers tested here were worn in a wide range of conditions and temperatures from late winter to spring .
all the trousers tested here were worn in a wide range of [rules] and temperatures from late winter to spring .

Wind resistance : no complaints , even in the breeziest conditions .
wind resistance : no complaints , even in the breeziest [rules] .

Wind resistance : no complaints , even in bitterly cold conditions .
wind resistance : no complaints , even in bitterly cold [rules] .

The jacket also features two zipped fleece-lined pockets and an interactive zip system allowing you to zip in a fleece jacket for an extra warm lining in cold conditions .
the jacket also features two zipped fleece-lined pockets and an interactive zip system allowing you to zip in a fleece jacket for an extra warm lining in cold [rules] .

In adverse conditions gaiters help to keep stones , mud and water out of your boots , and are particularly effective when walking through heather .
in adverse [rules] gaiters help to keep stones , mud and water out of your boots , and are particularly effective when walking through heather .

If you are likely to be out in such conditions , seek the advice of your retailer when buying your boots .
if you are likely to be out in such [rules] , seek the advice of your retailer when buying your boots .

You 'll definitely need heavier and stiffer boots for such conditions , and only certain boots are suitable for use with crampons .
you 'll definitely need heavier and stiffer boots for such [rules] , and only certain boots are suitable for use with crampons .

Yesterday she was visibly shocked by the conditions she witnessed in the Serb-run camps .
yesterday she was visibly shocked by the [rules] she witnessed in the serb-run camps .

Conditions at the overcrowded jail were described by a judge recently as  squalid  .
[rules] at the overcrowded jail were described by a judge recently as  squalid  .

 We want people to see how money is being spent here and how we have improved conditions . 
 we want people to see how money is being spent here and how we have improved [rules] . 

Overseas Aid Minister Baroness Chalker condemned conditions at the camps as  beyond an acceptable level of humanity . 
overseas aid minister baroness chalker condemned [rules] at the camps as  beyond an acceptable level of humanity . 

But they should be licensed and licences should be granted only under the most stringent conditions .
but they should be licensed and licences should be granted only under the most stringent [rules] .

Still more horrors  if rugby under the new law is difficult to play and to control on a dry day in South Africa , imagine the effect in marshy old England in the mud and rain of January ; imagine the shambles the game will become at the lower levels in those conditions with the sanctuary of the next scrum no longer available to the team carrying the ball .
still more horrors  if rugby under the new law is difficult to play and to control on a dry day in south africa , imagine the effect in marshy old england in the mud and rain of january ; imagine the shambles the game will become at the lower levels in those [rules] with the sanctuary of the next scrum no longer available to the team carrying the ball .

The Boipatong massacre became the first major hurdle which rugby had to overcome and this led to the implementation of All Black and Wallaby tour conditions such a the minute 's silence prior to each test , the display of peace and democracy signed at match venues and in match programmes , the non-playing of national anthems and the removal of any official flying of the South African national flag .
the boipatong massacre became the first major hurdle which rugby had to overcome and this led to the implementation of all black and wallaby tour [rules] such a the minute 's silence prior to each test , the display of peace and democracy signed at match venues and in match programmes , the non-playing of national anthems and the removal of any official flying of the south african national flag .

Accusations that tickets had been over-sold were refuted by the management , who blamed the crushed conditions inside on the band 's huge guest list .
accusations that tickets had been over-sold were refuted by the management , who blamed the crushed [rules] inside on the band 's huge guest list .

Since nobody else had been found , Hayling offered Thornton the Chairmanship , but the executive attached two humiliating conditions .
since nobody else had been found , hayling offered thornton the chairmanship , but the executive attached two humiliating [rules] .

Such visits may confirm or dispel anxieties about living conditions , climate and culture .
such visits may confirm or dispel anxieties about living [rules] , climate and culture .

The conditions of employment which accompanied Mr. Claydon 's letter of engagement made clear that the Authority reserved the right of transfer .
the [rules] of employment which accompanied mr. claydon 's letter of engagement made clear that the authority reserved the right of transfer .

Living conditions
living [rules]

Briefing courses must contain specific information on living conditions including housing , and the provision of utilities , education , health , security , cost of living , taxation , travel and transport , the moving process and other assorted factors .
briefing courses must contain specific information on living [rules] including housing , and the provision of utilities , education , health , security , cost of living , taxation , travel and transport , the moving process and other assorted factors .

Other items which may be included in a briefing session on living conditions include : membership of local clubs ; recreation facilities ; standard of dress ; social life ; and whether pets may be imported and the documentation necessary for this .
other items which may be included in a briefing session on living [rules] include : membership of local clubs ; recreation facilities ; standard of dress ; social life ; and whether pets may be imported and the documentation necessary for this .

Basic salary is based on the expatriate 's home salary with a number of allowances added to adjust it to local living conditions .
basic salary is based on the expatriate 's home salary with a number of allowances added to adjust it to local living [rules] .

In contrast , executives working in developing nations ( usually less desirable locations ) tend to be paid their British salaries plus generous allowances for hardship and working in unpleasant conditions .
in contrast , executives working in developing nations ( usually less desirable locations ) tend to be paid their british salaries plus generous allowances for hardship and working in unpleasant [rules] .

It is very important to emphasise that in drawing up these formal treaties covering the limitation and control of the methods and means of warfare , those involved did not see themselves as creating new rules , but as codifying existing principles and specifying how they were to apply to the rapidly changing conditions of warfare produced by political and technological developments .
it is very important to emphasise that in drawing up these formal treaties covering the limitation and control of the methods and means of warfare , those involved did not see themselves as creating new rules , but as codifying existing principles and specifying how they were to apply to the rapidly changing [rules] of warfare produced by political and technological developments .

The switch of tactics on the part of the war-tax resistance movement which can be dated back to 1977 is potentially of great significance because it provided the conditions in which a broad-based political campaign may be mounted , calling for a statutory right of tax diversion and relying on litigation as an auxiliary and subordinate weapon , instead of depending exclusively on litigation to try to bring about a change in the law directly .
the switch of tactics on the part of the war-tax resistance movement which can be dated back to 1977 is potentially of great significance because it provided the [rules] in which a broad-based political campaign may be mounted , calling for a statutory right of tax diversion and relying on litigation as an auxiliary and subordinate weapon , instead of depending exclusively on litigation to try to bring about a change in the law directly .

In general , a person is qualified to vote in a parliamentary election in a constituency if he fulfils conditions as to residence , citizenship , registration and capacity .
in general , a person is qualified to vote in a parliamentary election in a constituency if he fulfils [rules] as to residence , citizenship , registration and capacity .

Commonwealth citizens and citizens of the Republic of Ireland ( retaining their former rights as citizens of the United Kingdom ) may vote provided that they satisfy the other conditions .
commonwealth citizens and citizens of the republic of ireland ( retaining their former rights as citizens of the united kingdom ) may vote provided that they satisfy the other [rules] .

As to what Parliament so prescribes , one must look to the Act delegating the power to legislate in order to discover what conditions it is necessary to fulfil in order for the instrument in question to acquire validity .
as to what parliament so prescribes , one must look to the act delegating the power to legislate in order to discover what [rules] it is necessary to fulfil in order for the instrument in question to acquire validity .

Elderly people should never be persuaded against their will to move out of their own home , unless their mental or physical health or living conditions are so deplorable that they are a danger to their own or other people 's safety .
elderly people should never be persuaded against their will to move out of their own home , unless their mental or physical health or living [rules] are so deplorable that they are a danger to their own or other people 's safety .

Another point worth remembering is that it is important to make sure that your parent 's larder is well stocked with the right kind of non-perishable foods to deal with any emergency such as extreme weather conditions , or times when you may be unable to visit her because of illness or holidays , unless a neighbour is doing her shopping for her .
another point worth remembering is that it is important to make sure that your parent 's larder is well stocked with the right kind of non-perishable foods to deal with any emergency such as extreme weather [rules] , or times when you may be unable to visit her because of illness or holidays , unless a neighbour is doing her shopping for her .

Many conditions have to be fulfilled and eligibility established , which can take a considerable time ; so if you can improve the living conditions of your elderly parent yourself , without undue hardship , you would be well advised to do so .
many [rules] have to be fulfilled and eligibility established , which can take a considerable time ; so if you can improve the living [rules] of your elderly parent yourself , without undue hardship , you would be well advised to do so .

It is clear , though , that if you decide to help your elderly parent or parents to apply for local authority grants , you are probably going to need to have great determination and infinite patience , and in the meantime there is a great deal you could do yourself to improve their comfort and living conditions in small but important ways .
it is clear , though , that if you decide to help your elderly parent or parents to apply for local authority grants , you are probably going to need to have great determination and infinite patience , and in the meantime there is a great deal you could do yourself to improve their comfort and living [rules] in small but important ways .

Some elderly people suffer from iron deficiency due to a very slight , and sometimes unrecognisable , blood loss from such conditions as piles , diverticulitis , hiatus hernia  and occasionally bleeding from the stomach , if they have been taking aspirin for rheumatism daily for long periods , and this may cause anaemia .
some elderly people suffer from iron deficiency due to a very slight , and sometimes unrecognisable , blood loss from such [rules] as piles , diverticulitis , hiatus hernia  and occasionally bleeding from the stomach , if they have been taking aspirin for rheumatism daily for long periods , and this may cause anaemia .

Towards the close of the sixteenth century , however , Champagne harvests suffered greatly from extraordinarily bad climatic conditions .
towards the close of the sixteenth century , however , champagne harvests suffered greatly from extraordinarily bad climatic [rules] .

The geological conditions under which the chalk formed are unique , and , as a result , so is the chalk .
the geological [rules] under which the chalk formed are unique , and , as a result , so is the chalk .

Local soil conditions
local soil [rules]

Local conditions
local [rules]

Local conditions
local [rules]

Local conditions
local [rules]

Local conditions
local [rules]

But it must also be remembered , too , that while a 95 % -rated vineyard may be superior to a 94 % -rated one , healthy , ripe 80 % grapes are vastly superior to 100 % grapes which have been affected by disease , rot , or damaging weather conditions like hail or frost .
but it must also be remembered , too , that while a 95 % -rated vineyard may be superior to a 94 % -rated one , healthy , ripe 80 % grapes are vastly superior to 100 % grapes which have been affected by disease , rot , or damaging weather [rules] like hail or frost .

Who are these people still growing Gamay in Champagne and why do they want to continue ? According to the regulations currently in force a grower would have to satisfy the following conditions in order to cultivate the Gamay today :
who are these people still growing gamay in champagne and why do they want to continue ? according to the regulations currently in force a grower would have to satisfy the following [rules] in order to cultivate the gamay today :

These conditions are only transferable to the grower 's wife .
these [rules] are only transferable to the grower 's wife .

Experiments to find vine clones best suited to the solumological and climatical conditions of Champagne have been continuing for more than twenty years .
experiments to find vine clones best suited to the solumological and climatical [rules] of champagne have been continuing for more than twenty years .

Since the advent of phylloxera , when it became necessary to graft all European vines on to American rootstock , literally hundreds of rootstock varieties have been developed for virtually every permutation of vinestock and growing conditions .
since the advent of phylloxera , when it became necessary to graft all european vines on to american rootstock , literally hundreds of rootstock varieties have been developed for virtually every permutation of vinestock and growing [rules] .

The manner in which a vine is trained will guide the size , shape and height of the plant towards reaping maximum benefits from the local conditions of aspect and climate .
the manner in which a vine is trained will guide the size , shape and height of the plant towards reaping maximum benefits from the local [rules] of aspect and climate .

In 1935 the maximum production for Champagne was set at 50 hectolitres per hectare which could be annually modified by a special commission up or down to suit the specific conditions of the harvest .
in 1935 the maximum production for champagne was set at 50 hectolitres per hectare which could be annually modified by a special commission up or down to suit the specific [rules] of the harvest .

Fumigation of vineyards with Telone has improved conditions , but no control measure has yet eradicated nematodes on a field scale .
fumigation of vineyards with telone has improved [rules] , but no control measure has yet eradicated nematodes on a field scale .

Cryptogamic or fungoid diseases are encouraged by a combination of humidity and heat and the vigneron has a choice of proprietary brands of spray which can prevent or cure these conditions .
cryptogamic or fungoid diseases are encouraged by a combination of humidity and heat and the vigneron has a choice of proprietary brands of spray which can prevent or cure these [rules] .

Vines under stress from drought are vulnerable and , unlike most forms of cryptogamic disease , powdery mildew can be rife in dry conditions .
vines under stress from drought are vulnerable and , unlike most forms of cryptogamic disease , powdery mildew can be rife in dry [rules] .

Spraying commences in May and continues right up until the harvest , although the number of times the vines are sprayed and the types of spray used will depend on the local conditions of pests and disease .
spraying commences in may and continues right up until the harvest , although the number of times the vines are sprayed and the types of spray used will depend on the local [rules] of pests and disease .

Nocturnal enuresis can be due to a urinary tract infection , or other medical conditions .
nocturnal enuresis can be due to a urinary tract infection , or other medical [rules] .

The condoms are made in one size only . Under rigorous testing conditions they can expand to hold over 35 litres of air , and stretch to a height of 40 inches and a width of 12 inches !
the condoms are made in one size only . under rigorous testing [rules] they can expand to hold over 35 litres of air , and stretch to a height of 40 inches and a width of 12 inches !

Beetles and fungus only flourish in damp , poorly ventilated conditions .
beetles and fungus only flourish in damp , poorly ventilated [rules] .

In dry conditions check that the hole and rootball are well watered before planting and continue to water weekly .
in dry [rules] check that the hole and rootball are well watered before planting and continue to water weekly .

They also had to work under demanding physical conditions , especially extremes of temperature , and had to endure cultural privations , with music and books in short supply .
they also had to work under demanding physical [rules] , especially extremes of temperature , and had to endure cultural privations , with music and books in short supply .

We agreed to these conditions , and tried to think of salacious things for Ted to tell Jean .
we agreed to these [rules] , and tried to think of salacious things for ted to tell jean .

Despite the atrocious weather conditions on our journey south , our driver , Paddy , brought us safely to the Shrine in good time for our first Mass in the Chapel of Reconciliation .
despite the atrocious weather [rules] on our journey south , our driver , paddy , brought us safely to the shrine in good time for our first mass in the chapel of reconciliation .

Other medical conditions , such as an overactive thyroid gland , occasionally cause similar symptoms .
other medical [rules] , such as an overactive thyroid gland , occasionally cause similar symptoms .

There is , as one study concluded ,  an overwhelming desire to shop and live in conditions free from disturbance and interference from traffic  ( Figure 2.1 ) .
there is , as one study concluded ,  an overwhelming desire to shop and live in [rules] free from disturbance and interference from traffic  ( figure 2.1 ) .

Of course , some traffic diversion is involved , so that conditions elsewhere could worsen .
of course , some traffic diversion is involved , so that [rules] elsewhere could worsen .

Using this diverse  laboratory  it was hoped to shed light on future methods of environmental traffic management and in particular to improve traffic safety , environmental quality , conditions for walkers and cyclists and the recreational opportunities within neighbourhoods .
using this diverse  laboratory  it was hoped to shed light on future methods of environmental traffic management and in particular to improve traffic safety , environmental quality , [rules] for walkers and cyclists and the recreational opportunities within neighbourhoods .

There was too much car use on short trips , speeds were too high , through traffic despoiled residential areas and parking created unpleasant , dangerous and crowded conditions in streets .
there was too much car use on short trips , speeds were too high , through traffic despoiled residential areas and parking created unpleasant , dangerous and crowded [rules] in streets .

Here a late-19th century district of five or six storey apartments arranged along narrow gridiron streets was suffering from many of the environmental problems characteristic of inner-city areas  lack of greenery , unsafe junctions , chaotic parking conditions and fast traffic , much of it rat-running between neighbouring traffic generators such as the railway station to the south and the four-lane Rhein Allee to the north .
here a late-19th century district of five or six storey apartments arranged along narrow gridiron streets was suffering from many of the environmental problems characteristic of inner-city areas  lack of greenery , unsafe junctions , chaotic parking [rules] and fast traffic , much of it rat-running between neighbouring traffic generators such as the railway station to the south and the four-lane rhein allee to the north .

Additionally , cycles and motor cycles could pass either side of the table to avoid the potential skid risk in wet or icy conditions ( Figure 6.38 ) .
additionally , cycles and motor cycles could pass either side of the table to avoid the potential skid risk in wet or icy [rules] ( figure 6.38 ) .

It is a far cry from the noisy and polluted conditions that characterise many historically-valued British town centres .
it is a far cry from the noisy and polluted [rules] that characterise many historically-valued british town centres .

The limited application of traffic calming in Britain has been , as we have seen , principally in new housing areas , yet the greatest gains from traffic calming are likely to appear in existing residential areas where adverse traffic conditions lead to a lack of safety .
the limited application of traffic calming in britain has been , as we have seen , principally in new housing areas , yet the greatest gains from traffic calming are likely to appear in existing residential areas where adverse traffic [rules] lead to a lack of safety .

In the German schemes , it was hoped to improve not only traffic safety , but also environmental quality , conditions for walkers and cyclists and recreational opportunities .
in the german schemes , it was hoped to improve not only traffic safety , but also environmental quality , [rules] for walkers and cyclists and recreational opportunities .

They attempt shorter distances when conditions are unfavourable and walk further when surroundings have been made visually attractive by art work , shop windows and the like .
they attempt shorter distances when [rules] are unfavourable and walk further when surroundings have been made visually attractive by art work , shop windows and the like .

and the other to eliminate present practices that lead to unpleasant and unsafe conditions .
and the other to eliminate present practices that lead to unpleasant and unsafe [rules] .

There were projects in rural areas too , such as the Arnhem-Elst-Nijmegen route , which were designed to improve conditions for the large volume of cyclists who cycle to school or work in neighbouring villages and towns .
there were projects in rural areas too , such as the arnhem-elst-nijmegen route , which were designed to improve [rules] for the large volume of cyclists who cycle to school or work in neighbouring villages and towns .

The Delft Cycle Plan of 1979 recognised the deteriorating conditions for many cycle trips within the city and designated four criteria for plan development : quality of facilities , quantity of provision , continuity of the network and comfort in its use .
the delft cycle plan of 1979 recognised the deteriorating [rules] for many cycle trips within the city and designated four criteria for plan development : quality of facilities , quantity of provision , continuity of the network and comfort in its use .

Some users continue to violate the conditions of hiring and discussions will take place on the desirability of restricting Saturday night hirings to known ,  reliable  customers only .
some users continue to violate the [rules] of hiring and discussions will take place on the desirability of restricting saturday night hirings to known ,  reliable  customers only .

It was certainly a bowler 's day in favourable conditions , 32 wickets falling for 294 runs .
it was certainly a bowler 's day in favourable [rules] , 32 wickets falling for 294 runs .

When Pringle swung across the line to be lbw , England had done well in the conditions to score 203 .
when pringle swung across the line to be lbw , england had done well in the [rules] to score 203 .

This time they added 70 , played attacking strokes about as freely as was sensible in the conditions , and dug out or skipped a fair few difficult balls .
this time they added 70 , played attacking strokes about as freely as was sensible in the [rules] , and dug out or skipped a fair few difficult balls .

 His knowledge of English conditions and players from his time at Cambridge and as a player for Somerset was a great asset .
 his knowledge of english [rules] and players from his time at cambridge and as a player for somerset was a great asset .

The potency of green , for example , is greater to those who know of constant heat and arid conditions .
the potency of green , for example , is greater to those who know of constant heat and arid [rules] .

When it was he proceeded to colour it , either from memory , or with colour notes made under the same conditions as the original drawing , paying attention most of all to tonal values and local colour .
when it was he proceeded to colour it , either from memory , or with colour notes made under the same [rules] as the original drawing , paying attention most of all to tonal values and local colour .

He compares three studies , carried out respectively in 1949 , 1972 and 1983 , but reflecting the educational and social conditions of well before those dates .
he compares three studies , carried out respectively in 1949 , 1972 and 1983 , but reflecting the educational and social [rules] of well before those dates .

That dispute , which concerned , among other things , teachers ' pay and conditions of service , was sustained partly because teachers could exploit contractual arrangements which were imprecise .
that dispute , which concerned , among other things , teachers ' pay and [rules] of service , was sustained partly because teachers could exploit contractual arrangements which were imprecise .

The Secretary of State has made regulations specifying teachers ' contractual obligations ; a comprehensive list of duties ; he has decided to scrap the long-established machinery in which teachers ' pay and conditions were negotiated and has assumed temporary powers to determine these himself ; and he has introduced a national curriculum .
the secretary of state has made regulations specifying teachers ' contractual obligations ; a comprehensive list of duties ; he has decided to scrap the long-established machinery in which teachers ' pay and [rules] were negotiated and has assumed temporary powers to determine these himself ; and he has introduced a national curriculum .

Scottish teachers , like their counterparts south of the border , were seeking better pay and conditions ; but the Scottish dispute was also a massive protest at the rapid rate of educational change and at the way in which teachers felt they were expected to carry forward developments without adequate support .
scottish teachers , like their counterparts south of the border , were seeking better pay and [rules] ; but the scottish dispute was also a massive protest at the rapid rate of educational change and at the way in which teachers felt they were expected to carry forward developments without adequate support .

Of course , other interpretations of teaching quality which considered how far different techniques and approaches were chosen to match the circumstances in hand , and others rejected as inappropriate or which respected teachers as active and rational interpreters of their task and the conditions in which it is carried out , might suggest policy implications that would be more troublesome to manage , more expensive to implement , less easy to evaluate in the short term .
of course , other interpretations of teaching quality which considered how far different techniques and approaches were chosen to match the circumstances in hand , and others rejected as inappropriate or which respected teachers as active and rational interpreters of their task and the [rules] in which it is carried out , might suggest policy implications that would be more troublesome to manage , more expensive to implement , less easy to evaluate in the short term .

This lies , rather , in formulation and acceptance by teachers themselves of new , less control-centred educational purposes , along with an easing of the constraints and conditions in which those purposes are to be fulfilled .
this lies , rather , in formulation and acceptance by teachers themselves of new , less control-centred educational purposes , along with an easing of the constraints and [rules] in which those purposes are to be fulfilled .

The implication here for policy-makers who would wish to promote movement away from transmission patterns of teaching is that there is a need to ease and improve those conditions that currently incline teachers towards survival more than mere coping , and towards the control-centred transmission-style pedagogies that follow from it .
the implication here for policy-makers who would wish to promote movement away from transmission patterns of teaching is that there is a need to ease and improve those [rules] that currently incline teachers towards survival more than mere coping , and towards the control-centred transmission-style pedagogies that follow from it .

its suitability for , and protection by , the conditions of teacher isolation , where external criteria of professional competence are ostensibly met and inducements to change are absent . For those who wish to weaken the hold that transmission teaching has within the educational system , this more sociological approach to understanding the conditions of teaching quality suggests not a tightening-up of selection procedures , an improvement of training , and an emphasis in training and staff deployment on the strengthening of subject expertise , but policies such as the following :
its suitability for , and protection by , the [rules] of teacher isolation , where external criteria of professional competence are ostensibly met and inducements to change are absent . for those who wish to weaken the hold that transmission teaching has within the educational system , this more sociological approach to understanding the [rules] of teaching quality suggests not a tightening-up of selection procedures , an improvement of training , and an emphasis in training and staff deployment on the strengthening of subject expertise , but policies such as the following :

creating opportunities and providing conditions in which teachers can spend more time working together , sharing problems , commenting on each others ' performance , and collaborating in curriculum planning .
creating opportunities and providing [rules] in which teachers can spend more time working together , sharing problems , commenting on each others ' performance , and collaborating in curriculum planning .

 To make sure she 's accepted the pension  and the conditions .
 to make sure she 's accepted the pension  and the [rules] .

 There are conditions , of course ,  Grimwood went on , ignoring her remark .
 there are [rules] , of course ,  grimwood went on , ignoring her remark .

 With conditions ,  Evelyn snapped .
 with [rules] ,  evelyn snapped .

The other visitors are living under the same conditions .
the other visitors are living under the same [rules] .

On the other hand , there is clear evidence that social and economic conditions are critical to the well being of children ( Graham , 1988 ) .
on the other hand , there is clear evidence that social and economic [rules] are critical to the well being of children ( graham , 1988 ) .

For the 709 Nottingham mothers also it was the differences in living conditions that affected the attitudes and methods of infant care and particular aspects of child rearing ( Newson and Newson , 1963 ) .
for the 709 nottingham mothers also it was the differences in living [rules] that affected the attitudes and methods of infant care and particular aspects of child rearing ( newson and newson , 1963 ) .

They cover mainly the period since 1950 in order to allow for the full return to peacetime economic conditions which occurred largely during the reconstruction period after 1945 .
they cover mainly the period since 1950 in order to allow for the full return to peacetime economic [rules] which occurred largely during the reconstruction period after 1945 .

The war caused a massive distortion in the deployment of resources when compared with peacetime conditions .
the war caused a massive distortion in the deployment of resources when compared with peacetime [rules] .

As such , it engendered both the commitment and the determination to create new peacetime conditions in which the political and economic failures of the 1930s would truly become things of the past .
as such , it engendered both the commitment and the determination to create new peacetime [rules] in which the political and economic failures of the 1930s would truly become things of the past .

Under the expansionary conditions of the 1950s , Britain 's position began to slip but industries and firms were not sensitive to it because , absolutely , exports continued to grow .
under the expansionary [rules] of the 1950s , britain 's position began to slip but industries and firms were not sensitive to it because , absolutely , exports continued to grow .

There are strong grounds for arguing that these conditions were particularly acute in British industry .
there are strong grounds for arguing that these [rules] were particularly acute in british industry .

When , for example , the suspension of British motor cars collapsed under continental road conditions or when spare parts were not available for machine tools , initially only the reputation of British goods was damaged ; but the frequency of such occurrences amounted to a large accumulation of market ill-will by the early 1950s [ Pagnamenta and Overy , 1984 ] .
when , for example , the suspension of british motor cars collapsed under continental road [rules] or when spare parts were not available for machine tools , initially only the reputation of british goods was damaged ; but the frequency of such occurrences amounted to a large accumulation of market ill-will by the early 1950s [ pagnamenta and overy , 1984 ] .

By contrast , countries such as France , Germany and Japan entered world markets later and needed to fight their way back into them under conditions of growing competition .
by contrast , countries such as france , germany and japan entered world markets later and needed to fight their way back into them under [rules] of growing competition .

The relatively low incidence of the sudden infant death syndrome among Bangladeshi babies in Britain represents something of a paradox , since many of these babies grow up in conditions that would predict a relatively higher incidence of the syndrome .
the relatively low incidence of the sudden infant death syndrome among bangladeshi babies in britain represents something of a paradox , since many of these babies grow up in [rules] that would predict a relatively higher incidence of the syndrome .

These include poorer socioeconomic conditions , apparently crowded housing , and young mothers often with many children .
these include poorer socioeconomic [rules] , apparently crowded housing , and young mothers often with many children .

Current experimental work with mothers and infants sleeping together in sleep laboratories is tracing the interaction of their patterns of breathing , and has found that in such conditions infants spend less time in deep stages of sleep .
current experimental work with mothers and infants sleeping together in sleep laboratories is tracing the interaction of their patterns of breathing , and has found that in such [rules] infants spend less time in deep stages of sleep .

It had now become clear that it was necessary to understand why what had been designed and certified as a fail-safe structure had collapsed in the air in quite normal flight operating conditions .
it had now become clear that it was necessary to understand why what had been designed and certified as a fail-safe structure had collapsed in the air in quite normal flight operating [rules] .

The questions which arise in aircraft accident investigation usually relate to the boundaries of radio technology  things such as trying to establish the radio propagation conditions in which some phenomenon or other gives rise to a kink in an instrument landing system localiser or glide slope but only on an intermittent basis , or the reliability of a radio altimeter in an auto-land system during an approach over surfaces with greatly differing radio reflecting characteristics .
the questions which arise in aircraft accident investigation usually relate to the boundaries of radio technology  things such as trying to establish the radio propagation [rules] in which some phenomenon or other gives rise to a kink in an instrument landing system localiser or glide slope but only on an intermittent basis , or the reliability of a radio altimeter in an auto-land system during an approach over surfaces with greatly differing radio reflecting characteristics .

( Alternatively , it may be the social acceptance of the 107 risk of encountering such violent conditions . )
( alternatively , it may be the social acceptance of the 107 risk of encountering such violent [rules] . )

For instance , a particular type of aircraft with specified engines in established weather conditions will , at a known weight , accelerate to the appropriate speed for take-off in a predetermined distance along the runway , following which it will be accelerated to a specified speed and achieve a pre-established rate of climb during which the landing gear will be retracted , taking a known period of time .
for instance , a particular type of aircraft with specified engines in established weather [rules] will , at a known weight , accelerate to the appropriate speed for take-off in a predetermined distance along the runway , following which it will be accelerated to a specified speed and achieve a pre-established rate of climb during which the landing gear will be retracted , taking a known period of time .

He knows , or if he does not know he should find out , the features or conditions of the environment he has chosen to occupy , and he should act accordingly .
he knows , or if he does not know he should find out , the features or [rules] of the environment he has chosen to occupy , and he should act accordingly .

It has also adopted a set of Directives in order to harmonise legislation and conditions for access to the network .
it has also adopted a set of directives in order to harmonise legislation and [rules] for access to the network .

 You will be surprised how quickly you can learn with continuous training uninterrupted by poor weather conditions .
 you will be surprised how quickly you can learn with continuous training uninterrupted by poor weather [rules] .

with first class facilities , superb weather conditions , and dedicated staff , then ring Rachel Brooks or Peter Bowell at our Biggin Hill office on or Fax .
with first class facilities , superb weather [rules] , and dedicated staff , then ring rachel brooks or peter bowell at our biggin hill office on or fax .

And the good news is over 59 km have already been completed , despite the extraordinary geological conditions .
and the good news is over 59 km have already been completed , despite the extraordinary geological [rules] .

( Conditions were well and truly Dickensian . )
( [rules] were well and truly dickensian . )

In this volume the impact of the adjustment process in the 1980s on the employment conditions of public service employees are examined .
in this volume the impact of the adjustment process in the 1980s on the employment [rules] of public service employees are examined .

Various ways in which employment conditions are determined , ranging from unilateral determination by the government to collective bargaining are reviewed , as well as measures that can help productivity .
various ways in which employment [rules] are determined , ranging from unilateral determination by the government to collective bargaining are reviewed , as well as measures that can help productivity .

Covers industrial relations , trade unions and employers ' organisations , basic labour rights , training , working conditions and women workers .
covers industrial relations , trade unions and employers ' organisations , basic labour rights , training , working [rules] and women workers .

It adjusts itself to road conditions , switching each shock absorber from firm to soft in just 150 milliseconds .
it adjusts itself to road [rules] , switching each shock absorber from firm to soft in just 150 milliseconds .

Sleek hull lines and powerful , easily-handled rigs give today 's Moodys sparkling , sure-footed performance whatever the conditions .
sleek hull lines and powerful , easily-handled rigs give today 's moodys sparkling , sure-footed performance whatever the [rules] .

No other units outperform them year after year  even in the roughest conditions .
no other units outperform them year after year  even in the roughest [rules] .

The new 58 beautifully manifests the Hood theory that displacement yachts with reduced wetted surface behave better over a wider range of conditions .
the new 58 beautifully manifests the hood theory that displacement yachts with reduced wetted surface behave better over a wider range of [rules] .

Injected polyurethane foam construction makes boots warm in cold conditions and cool in hot weather .
injected polyurethane foam construction makes boots warm in cold [rules] and cool in hot weather .

Sprayway are renowned specialists in garments for active people whose leisure pursuits take them outdoors and into extreme conditions .
sprayway are renowned specialists in garments for active people whose leisure pursuits take them outdoors and into extreme [rules] .

The Torridon jacket is rugged , totally windproof and features the famous Gore-Tex fabric which allows body moisture to escape but does not allow water in , keeping you dry in all conditions .
the torridon jacket is rugged , totally windproof and features the famous gore-tex fabric which allows body moisture to escape but does not allow water in , keeping you dry in all [rules] .

The refined chassis is complemented by advanced suspension damping system which reacts in one five thousandth of a second to information from six sensors within the car , ensuring the perfect balance of comfort and security whatever the driving conditions .
the refined chassis is complemented by advanced suspension damping system which reacts in one five thousandth of a second to information from six sensors within the car , ensuring the perfect balance of comfort and security whatever the driving [rules] .

Mr Erlund described last year 's result as  reasonable  considering the difficult economic conditions :  The lower results are primarily related to the increasingly adverse economic conditions in Sweden and to the continued slump in Great Britain . 
mr erlund described last year 's result as  reasonable  considering the difficult economic [rules] :  the lower results are primarily related to the increasingly adverse economic [rules] in sweden and to the continued slump in great britain . 

Mr Erlund said the firm had already initiated a number of action plans and streamlining measures but  these can only alleviate some of the mentioned negative external conditions  .
mr erlund said the firm had already initiated a number of action plans and streamlining measures but  these can only alleviate some of the mentioned negative external [rules]  .

 He did not maintain that there should be a return to the precise conditions of the primitive Church , but rather that the Church of England 's belief and practice were compatible with them .
 he did not maintain that there should be a return to the precise [rules] of the primitive church , but rather that the church of england 's belief and practice were compatible with them .

Clearer conditions will follow into northern Scotland and the northern isles later .
clearer [rules] will follow into northern scotland and the northern isles later .

As we shall see in more detail in the next chapter , there are many features of such conditions that make them quite obviously inimical to the creative act .
as we shall see in more detail in the next chapter , there are many features of such [rules] that make them quite obviously inimical to the creative act .

That is to say , it has no obvious or gross organic cause , such as a brain lesion , a fact which sets it apart from the truly neurological conditions  like , for example , Alzheimer 's disease or epilepsy .
that is to say , it has no obvious or gross organic cause , such as a brain lesion , a fact which sets it apart from the truly neurological [rules]  like , for example , alzheimer 's disease or epilepsy .

These halfway conditions have long been of interest , though until recently mainly among psychoanalysts or other writers outside mainstream psychiatry .
these halfway [rules] have long been of interest , though until recently mainly among psychoanalysts or other writers outside mainstream psychiatry .

It was known that fasting could cause hallucinations , and extreme weather conditions were thought to affect the mind .
it was known that fasting could cause hallucinations , and extreme weather [rules] were thought to affect the mind .

He speaks of the trouble he has in getting paid , his fear of old age and its isolation and poverty when he can no longer work ; and he describes the privations and pains of his working conditions .
he speaks of the trouble he has in getting paid , his fear of old age and its isolation and poverty when he can no longer work ; and he describes the privations and pains of his working [rules] .

Our fieldworkers are out in all conditions , rescuing bewildered , sick , injured , maimed and terrified animals .
our fieldworkers are out in all [rules] , rescuing bewildered , sick , injured , maimed and terrified animals .

They also had to work under demanding physical conditions , especially extremes of temperature , and had to endure cultural privations , with music and books in short supply .
they also had to work under demanding physical [rules] , especially extremes of temperature , and had to endure cultural privations , with music and books in short supply .

The results of the North Wales survey , which was carried out under ideal stream-baseflow conditions during the summers of 1989 and 1990 , show that the geochemical control imposed by lithology , together with the presence of thin , base-deficient soils and drift cover , causes surface water to be highly susceptible to acidification in the region .
the results of the north wales survey , which was carried out under ideal stream-baseflow [rules] during the summers of 1989 and 1990 , show that the geochemical control imposed by lithology , together with the presence of thin , base-deficient soils and drift cover , causes surface water to be highly susceptible to acidification in the region .

In a project designed to examine the impact of tropical and subtropical agriculture on groundwater quality , the hydrogeological conditions and agricultural regimes of potential study sites in Barbados , India , Sri Lanka and Mexico have been assessed .
in a project designed to examine the impact of tropical and subtropical agriculture on groundwater quality , the hydrogeological [rules] and agricultural regimes of potential study sites in barbados , india , sri lanka and mexico have been assessed .

Water levels in the drains had been reduced to only about one foot and , in view of the conditions , it was surprising that anything at all was caught .
water levels in the drains had been reduced to only about one foot and , in view of the [rules] , it was surprising that anything at all was caught .

In a bid to defuse local hostility to the scheme , the 150-strong club has offered Braintree District Council a range of conditions it says would be acceptable if planners granted permission .
in a bid to defuse local hostility to the scheme , the 150-strong club has offered braintree district council a range of [rules] it says would be acceptable if planners granted permission .

The proposed conditions include limiting the number of aerotows  launches using a powered tug aircraft  to 50 a day on Sundays and 60 a day on other days , up to a maximum of 2,000 a year .
the proposed [rules] include limiting the number of aerotows  launches using a powered tug aircraft  to 50 a day on sundays and 60 a day on other days , up to a maximum of 2,000 a year .

Yet again , however , England 's spinners looked far less dangerous in such conditions .
yet again , however , england 's spinners looked far less dangerous in such [rules] .

Toby Balding will see how conditions are at Cheltenham tomorrow before deciding whether to run Cool Ground in the Gold Cup .
toby balding will see how [rules] are at cheltenham tomorrow before deciding whether to run cool ground in the gold cup .

Cool Ground is likely to miss the Gold Cup if ground conditions remain fast .
cool ground is likely to miss the gold cup if ground [rules] remain fast .

It took time to translate the political terms and conditions being imposed on me by my colonialist sisters , heavily disguised as they were under a veneer of ,  Of course we know the issues are different for Irish women  .
it took time to translate the political terms and [rules] being imposed on me by my colonialist sisters , heavily disguised as they were under a veneer of ,  of course we know the issues are different for irish women  .

Amitha : That 's because the Union was too traditional and only involved in negotiations over pay and working conditions .
amitha : that 's because the union was too traditional and only involved in negotiations over pay and working [rules] .

Housing conditions and shortages , for example , are likely to be a major source of disadvantage and discomfort to millions of old people to the end of the century and beyond , and one on which individual workers , even managers , have relatively little impact .
housing [rules] and shortages , for example , are likely to be a major source of disadvantage and discomfort to millions of old people to the end of the century and beyond , and one on which individual workers , even managers , have relatively little impact .

These issues have been excellently explored by Norman ( 1985 ) the title of whose book , Triple Jeopardy , describes a situation in which such old people are  at risk because they are old , because of the physical conditions and hostility under which they have to live and because of services not accessible to them  .
these issues have been excellently explored by norman ( 1985 ) the title of whose book , triple jeopardy , describes a situation in which such old people are  at risk because they are old , because of the physical [rules] and hostility under which they have to live and because of services not accessible to them  .

If an offence has been committed against the person , the police can of course bring charges and , under certain conditions , make an arrest .
if an offence has been committed against the person , the police can of course bring charges and , under certain [rules] , make an arrest .

However , most would accept that ideally elderly people should have a choice of agreeable alternatives to suit their circumstances and conditions and that a majority would choose to remain in their own homes .
however , most would accept that ideally elderly people should have a choice of agreeable alternatives to suit their circumstances and [rules] and that a majority would choose to remain in their own homes .

What of the future ? Abrams argued that traditional neighbourliness will not survive and that its passing is not to be deplored , because it was so often a reaction to adverse social conditions .
what of the future ? abrams argued that traditional neighbourliness will not survive and that its passing is not to be deplored , because it was so often a reaction to adverse social [rules] .

Furthermore , the quality of staff , as always , is critical and much would depend on their pay and conditions of service .
furthermore , the quality of staff , as always , is critical and much would depend on their pay and [rules] of service .

Clearly , that point is reached if the conditions in the old person 's household are a danger to others or cause grave offence .
clearly , that point is reached if the [rules] in the old person 's household are a danger to others or cause grave offence .

However , it is important to acknowledge that judgements about old people 's living conditions and standards are , inevitably , coloured by the background and attitudes of the care workers .
however , it is important to acknowledge that judgements about old people 's living [rules] and standards are , inevitably , coloured by the background and attitudes of the care workers .

Firstly , an elder may display verbal consciousness for most of her or his day-to-day conduct , even if sometimes haltingly or with verbal expression impaired by physical conditions such as aphasia .
firstly , an elder may display verbal consciousness for most of her or his day-to-day conduct , even if sometimes haltingly or with verbal expression impaired by physical [rules] such as aphasia .

For example Gray and Isaacs ( 1979 ) identify such conditions as loss of the mental competence to register new information , of the ability to discriminate between similar stimuli , of the ability to generalise , and of the ability to relate present events to past experience or future consequences .
for example gray and isaacs ( 1979 ) identify such [rules] as loss of the mental competence to register new information , of the ability to discriminate between similar stimuli , of the ability to generalise , and of the ability to relate present events to past experience or future consequences .

Objective requirements are the small list of conditions necessary to sustain biological life in an organism .
objective requirements are the small list of [rules] necessary to sustain biological life in an organism .

Nearby was a 400-square-yard warehouse with more plants flourishing in conditions controlled by artificial lighting and automatic watering systems .
nearby was a 400-square-yard warehouse with more plants flourishing in [rules] controlled by artificial lighting and automatic watering systems .

Acetylene cylinders kept in the workshops made conditions particularly dangerous , a spokeswoman said .
acetylene cylinders kept in the workshops made [rules] particularly dangerous , a spokeswoman said .

Thousands of airline passengers were stranded around the country and abroad as the conditions forced air terminals in Boston , New York , Washington and Atlanta to close .
thousands of airline passengers were stranded around the country and abroad as the [rules] forced air terminals in boston , new york , washington and atlanta to close .

Anglo-Saxon glass displays a variety of colours , especially brown , ochre , yellow , blue and green , which are probably brought about by a lack of control of the furnace conditions rather than by deliberate colouring .
anglo-saxon glass displays a variety of colours , especially brown , ochre , yellow , blue and green , which are probably brought about by a lack of control of the furnace [rules] rather than by deliberate colouring .

Namely , clear vision for the driver , whatever the conditions .
namely , clear vision for the driver , whatever the [rules] .

Whatever the conditions , the outlook will always be bright and clear .
whatever the [rules] , the outlook will always be bright and clear .

For the famous Mason Pearson pneumatic cushion technique conditions your hair as it brushes , reaching right down to the scalp and firmly but gently caressing each strand to promote shining health and loveliness .
for the famous mason pearson pneumatic cushion technique [rules] your hair as it brushes , reaching right down to the scalp and firmly but gently caressing each strand to promote shining health and loveliness .

Examination and determination : The government should acknowledge that the handling of asylum applications is best carried out by qualified interviewers with knowledge of conditions in the applicants ' country .
examination and determination : the government should acknowledge that the handling of asylum applications is best carried out by qualified interviewers with knowledge of [rules] in the applicants ' country .

She said that three quarters of the world 's population live in conditions where high or extreme human suffering is the rule , rather than the exception .
she said that three quarters of the world 's population live in [rules] where high or extreme human suffering is the rule , rather than the exception .

He suffers from chronic back pain and clinical depression , conditions for which he is reportedly no received medical attention .
he suffers from chronic back pain and clinical depression , [rules] for which he is reportedly no received medical attention .

The authorities claimed that Jorge Quintana Silva was rearrested because he had contravened the conditions of his earlier release , although they did not specify how he had done this .
the authorities claimed that jorge quintana silva was rearrested because he had contravened the [rules] of his earlier release , although they did not specify how he had done this .

After Janey went back to Billy , Kevin had patched up his differences with his wife , Enid , but one of the conditions had been that Kevin would sponsor polo instead of show jumping to avoid bumping into Janey on the circuit , and because their daughter , Tracey , would meet a nicer class of young man in polo .
after janey went back to billy , kevin had patched up his differences with his wife , enid , but one of the [rules] had been that kevin would sponsor polo instead of show jumping to avoid bumping into janey on the circuit , and because their daughter , tracey , would meet a nicer class of young man in polo .

The conditions seemed right for a repetition of the French Revolution on English soil .
the [rules] seemed right for a repetition of the french revolution on english soil .

It 's not only the wages that are Victorian but the working conditions too .
it 's not only the wages that are victorian but the working [rules] too .

Moise , a businessman typical of Le Sentier 's clothing industry entrepreneurs , has no time for criticism of his employment practices :  Of course we employ workers in conditions outside the legal norms .
moise , a businessman typical of le sentier 's clothing industry entrepreneurs , has no time for criticism of his employment practices :  of course we employ workers in [rules] outside the legal norms .

Yet all these conditions have produced not harmony , but civil war .
yet all these [rules] have produced not harmony , but civil war .

The tail-in circle is very easy in flat calm conditions and becomes progressively more difficult as the wind strength increases .
the tail-in circle is very easy in flat calm [rules] and becomes progressively more difficult as the wind strength increases .

In windy conditions it is excellent practice in controlling the model even for the very experienced flyer .
in windy [rules] it is excellent practice in controlling the model even for the very experienced flyer .

The next stage is to let the model drift slowly backwards until it is hovering alongside you or , in calm conditions , turn it until it is sideways on .
the next stage is to let the model drift slowly backwards until it is hovering alongside you or , in calm [rules] , turn it until it is sideways on .

In flat calm conditions , this effect can be clearly seen , since the exhaust smoke will be observed to be blown away from the model by the rotors when out of ground effect ( Fig.5.6 ) , while it will tend to form a cloud under the helicopter , or even  leak  up through the middle of the rotors , when in ground effect ( Fig. 5. 7 ) .
in flat calm [rules] , this effect can be clearly seen , since the exhaust smoke will be observed to be blown away from the model by the rotors when out of ground effect ( fig.5.6 ) , while it will tend to form a cloud under the helicopter , or even  leak  up through the middle of the rotors , when in ground effect ( fig. 5. 7 ) .

If a gyro is fitted , this can tend to hide the effect of the trim offset and can , in gusty conditions , cause the tail to oscillate and lead to the mistaken conclusion that the gyro is too sensitive .
if a gyro is fitted , this can tend to hide the effect of the trim offset and can , in gusty [rules] , cause the tail to oscillate and lead to the mistaken conclusion that the gyro is too sensitive .

Tail rotor trim certainly becomes very complex under these conditions .
tail rotor trim certainly becomes very complex under these [rules] .

Assuming that you decide that you wish to take things seriously and intend to acquire suitable equipment , you should look for a helicopter radio which has two idle-up systems , plus a throttle hold switch , with separate collective pitch adjustments on each . These will be used to set things up for three separate flight conditions :
assuming that you decide that you wish to take things seriously and intend to acquire suitable equipment , you should look for a helicopter radio which has two idle-up systems , plus a throttle hold switch , with separate collective pitch adjustments on each . these will be used to set things up for three separate flight [rules] :

Under these conditions the pitch setting becomes very critical .
under these [rules] the pitch setting becomes very critical .

The seventh son of a seventh son has traditionally been able to heal conditions such as eczema and asthma .
the seventh son of a seventh son has traditionally been able to heal [rules] such as eczema and asthma .

Some of the new treatments offered at the hospital , such as drug treatment for malignant conditions or transrectal hyperthermia for benign prostate disease are , the trust claims , particularly cost-effective and advantageous as they avoid the need for a hospital stay required by the traditional prostatectomy and preserve male potency .
some of the new treatments offered at the hospital , such as drug treatment for malignant [rules] or transrectal hyperthermia for benign prostate disease are , the trust claims , particularly cost-effective and advantageous as they avoid the need for a hospital stay required by the traditional prostatectomy and preserve male potency .

In the health service , job evaluation systems already cover ancillary , administrative and technical staff , but in nursing , where Whitley pay and conditions of service have long been established and clinical grading is now under way , there are many who think job evaluation is unnecessary .
in the health service , job evaluation systems already cover ancillary , administrative and technical staff , but in nursing , where whitley pay and [rules] of service have long been established and clinical grading is now under way , there are many who think job evaluation is unnecessary .

Under resting conditions the cell membrane will not allow ions to diffuse passively across it , so the potential difference remains .
under resting [rules] the cell membrane will not allow ions to diffuse passively across it , so the potential difference remains .

The number of people with neurological conditions is grossly underestimated by the health service , according to the neurological charities who estimate there are 1.5 million people whose needs are left unmet .
the number of people with neurological [rules] is grossly underestimated by the health service , according to the neurological charities who estimate there are 1.5 million people whose needs are left unmet .

The conditions which will influence these decisions include the site , time lapse before treatment , contamination and state of the circulation .
the [rules] which will influence these decisions include the site , time lapse before treatment , contamination and state of the circulation .

But it is one such position , and the demonstration effect of central and eastern Europe naturally encourages it , where local conditions are favourable .
but it is one such position , and the demonstration effect of central and eastern europe naturally encourages it , where local [rules] are favourable .

He was a nightshift charge nurse on an acute elderly care ward at Stepping Hill Hospital , Stockport , when in April 1990 he spoke out publicly against poor conditions and staff shortages .
he was a nightshift charge nurse on an acute elderly care ward at stepping hill hospital , stockport , when in april 1990 he spoke out publicly against poor [rules] and staff shortages .

One could argue that this inverted logic is acceptable because art ca n't be divorced from its conditions of production and consumption .
one could argue that this inverted logic is acceptable because art ca n't be divorced from its [rules] of production and consumption .

Her interest in socialism or Bryant & May working conditions was perfunctory .
her interest in socialism or bryant & may working [rules] was perfunctory .

Like all proponents of  organic  gardening , she favours preventive methods , on the basis that healthy plants , made so by good soil and conditions , are less susceptible to trouble .
like all proponents of  organic  gardening , she favours preventive methods , on the basis that healthy plants , made so by good soil and [rules] , are less susceptible to trouble .

These in turn attract a swarm of imitators who exploit the new opening with a wave of new investment , generating boom conditions .
these in turn attract a swarm of imitators who exploit the new opening with a wave of new investment , generating boom [rules] .

He accepts the widely held view that the development of mass-production industry produced a sharp deterioration in the conditions of manual work and led to the emergence of a type of worker who combined a generalised hostility to the prevailing society with a primary preoccupation with militant economic action ; but he suggests that , as technology continues to develop , the increased use of full automation will eliminate many of the deepest sources of resentment about work , and , in so doing , encourage normative integration within the existing social structure of the enterprise .
he accepts the widely held view that the development of mass-production industry produced a sharp deterioration in the [rules] of manual work and led to the emergence of a type of worker who combined a generalised hostility to the prevailing society with a primary preoccupation with militant economic action ; but he suggests that , as technology continues to develop , the increased use of full automation will eliminate many of the deepest sources of resentment about work , and , in so doing , encourage normative integration within the existing social structure of the enterprise .

Her theory is that the more that control is personalised , the more likely it is that there will be friction between management and the workforce , but that continuous-process plants , because they are so highly automated , have unified impersonal control systems which minimise conflict and lead to more satisfying working conditions .
her theory is that the more that control is personalised , the more likely it is that there will be friction between management and the workforce , but that continuous-process plants , because they are so highly automated , have unified impersonal control systems which minimise conflict and lead to more satisfying working [rules] .

The technology does not create the almost Utopian working conditions they describe , and people 's work tasks and conditions are not so very different in continuous-process industries as compared to earlier technologies .
the technology does not create the almost utopian working [rules] they describe , and people 's work tasks and [rules] are not so very different in continuous-process industries as compared to earlier technologies .

Secondly , social scientists are only just beginning to develop procedures for evaluating the economic costs and benefits of innovative work design ; and , thirdly , little is known about the conditions under which these innovative job designs persist across time and diffuse across companies and countries .
secondly , social scientists are only just beginning to develop procedures for evaluating the economic costs and benefits of innovative work design ; and , thirdly , little is known about the [rules] under which these innovative job designs persist across time and diffuse across companies and countries .

Socio-economic conditions of the present situation , regarding shortage of natural resources , limitation of mass markets , and slow growth .
socio-economic [rules] of the present situation , regarding shortage of natural resources , limitation of mass markets , and slow growth .

Finally , Sorge and his colleagues observed that the relationship between this new technology and work organisation was influenced by the prevailing socio-economic conditions .
finally , sorge and his colleagues observed that the relationship between this new technology and work organisation was influenced by the prevailing socio-economic [rules] .

Weather conditions precluded this , so he had to wait for the next scheduled plane from Wick to Kirkwall .
weather [rules] precluded this , so he had to wait for the next scheduled plane from wick to kirkwall .

Conditions of warm daytime temperatures and high humidity combined with much cooler night time temperatures are ideal for humid air to be trapped in tanks by day and condensed out by night  .
[rules] of warm daytime temperatures and high humidity combined with much cooler night time temperatures are ideal for humid air to be trapped in tanks by day and condensed out by night  .

The weather conditions had improved immeasurably and , as you can see from Keith Wilson 's pictures ( taken near Grafham Water ) , the sunlight was beautiful .
the weather [rules] had improved immeasurably and , as you can see from keith wilson 's pictures ( taken near grafham water ) , the sunlight was beautiful .

Thus the work is varied and interesting , and the rapid changes in climatic conditions that sometimes afflict the islands ensure continuous concentration on the basics of safe operation .
thus the work is varied and interesting , and the rapid changes in climatic [rules] that sometimes afflict the islands ensure continuous concentration on the basics of safe operation .

Icing conditions should be avoided , though , because the first components to suffer a build-up are the throttle-rods in the intake ducts ahead of the engines .
icing [rules] should be avoided , though , because the first components to suffer a build-up are the throttle-rods in the intake ducts ahead of the engines .

He advised his student that a comprehensive microlight conversion course was necessary as it was possible for conventional control ( three-axis ) pilots with insufficient weight-shift experience to make incorrect control inputs when under a heavy workload or in turbulent conditions .
he advised his student that a comprehensive microlight conversion course was necessary as it was possible for conventional control ( three-axis ) pilots with insufficient weight-shift experience to make incorrect control inputs when under a heavy workload or in turbulent [rules] .

However , due to unsuitable weather conditions the pilot did not complete any further tuition .
however , due to unsuitable weather [rules] the pilot did not complete any further tuition .

Emigration in search of better living conditions increased whenever there was a crisis in the production or exportation of wine , upon which the island 's economy depended .
emigration in search of better living [rules] increased whenever there was a crisis in the production or exportation of wine , upon which the island 's economy depended .

Alternatively , and no less awe-inspiring , if the cloud conditions are right , you ascend through the mist until you break out into the sun somewhere before the summit from where you look down on a sea of white cloud with many peaks bursting through .
alternatively , and no less awe-inspiring , if the cloud [rules] are right , you ascend through the mist until you break out into the sun somewhere before the summit from where you look down on a sea of white cloud with many peaks bursting through .

Those among the contented who own to a social conscience may not fully appreciate that the conditions suffered by the urban underclass can be marginally less unendurable than those they have escaped from ( whether in the American South , Puerto Rico or the shanty towns of the West Indies ) .
those among the contented who own to a social conscience may not fully appreciate that the [rules] suffered by the urban underclass can be marginally less unendurable than those they have escaped from ( whether in the american south , puerto rico or the shanty towns of the west indies ) .

The illusion of an automatic tabula rasa also undermines the need for society to reflect on the consciousness that evolved under the conditions of the past 40 years .
the illusion of an automatic tabula rasa also undermines the need for society to reflect on the consciousness that evolved under the [rules] of the past 40 years .

Des Smith (  Forgotten innocents  , 20 March ) rightly points out that the conditions of the Guatemalan refugees have been largely ignored by the world 's media .
des smith (  forgotten innocents  , 20 march ) rightly points out that the [rules] of the guatemalan refugees have been largely ignored by the world 's media .

Before you can begin to design a single building you have to consider the shape of the site , its ground conditions , its relations with its neighbours , the character of its nearby historic buildings , vehicle access , height restrictions , the means of escape in case of fire , disabled access , rubbish disposal and costs .
before you can begin to design a single building you have to consider the shape of the site , its ground [rules] , its relations with its neighbours , the character of its nearby historic buildings , vehicle access , height restrictions , the means of escape in case of fire , disabled access , rubbish disposal and costs .

Sewing imposes very severe conditions for the threads . In a machine operating at 6000 stitches per minute , the needle thread has to accelerate to a speed close to 100 mph ( 160kph ) , stop , and accelerate backwards to the same speed , and all at a cycle rate of up to 100 times per second !
sewing imposes very severe [rules] for the threads . in a machine operating at 6000 stitches per minute , the needle thread has to accelerate to a speed close to 100 mph ( 160kph ) , stop , and accelerate backwards to the same speed , and all at a cycle rate of up to 100 times per second !

However , this is done in the ideal conditions of the laboratory .
however , this is done in the ideal [rules] of the laboratory .

On the other hand , thermal conditions can apply , and at light loadings as prescribed , a powerful thermal can take over and give Teddy an extra thrill of going up instead of down .
on the other hand , thermal [rules] can apply , and at light loadings as prescribed , a powerful thermal can take over and give teddy an extra thrill of going up instead of down .

The reason is more likely to be that they only fly in ideal wind conditions .
the reason is more likely to be that they only fly in ideal wind [rules] .

Pat has sketched the band of usable airspace for light or strong wind conditions .
pat has sketched the band of usable airspace for light or strong wind [rules] .

It is very much a case of selecting your kite for the conditions .
it is very much a case of selecting your kite for the [rules] .

Team kites fall into several categories , chosen for precision flying or ballet and to suit the wind conditions .
team kites fall into several categories , chosen for precision flying or ballet and to suit the wind [rules] .

The hospital is a  chronic care  facility  meaning the patients are hopeless cases and the conditions are borderline adequate .
the hospital is a  chronic care  facility  meaning the patients are hopeless cases and the [rules] are borderline adequate .

Unfortunately these conditions also much reduced their rate of march and they got only as far as Polmood , for they were now in the high uplands of the infant Tweed and the going difficult at the best of times .
unfortunately these [rules] also much reduced their rate of march and they got only as far as polmood , for they were now in the high uplands of the infant tweed and the going difficult at the best of times .

In somewhat better weather conditions they climbed the five-mile drove-road to the lofty Tushielaw pass , and down to Tushielaw itself , with its bridge across Ettrick , making good time , although the burns and streams were running high and making fording a problem in places .
in somewhat better weather [rules] they climbed the five-mile drove-road to the lofty tushielaw pass , and down to tushielaw itself , with its bridge across ettrick , making good time , although the burns and streams were running high and making fording a problem in places .

Oddly enough , some of the young lords seemed to enjoy this , despite the conditions , John Randolph and the Steward in especial finding it almost a sporting activity .
oddly enough , some of the young lords seemed to enjoy this , despite the [rules] , john randolph and the steward in especial finding it almost a sporting activity .

But at least the conditions made clear the hazards for shipping approaching this coast , the innumerable rocks and reefs and skerries over which the rollers spouted and boiled , many just below the surface , and the greater danger therefore .
but at least the [rules] made clear the hazards for shipping approaching this coast , the innumerable rocks and reefs and skerries over which the rollers spouted and boiled , many just below the surface , and the greater danger therefore .

The town and port would offer him much more scope , its preparation for defence , the training of its citizenry for siege conditions , its provisioning and the control of its shipping .
the town and port would offer him much more scope , its preparation for defence , the training of its citizenry for siege [rules] , its provisioning and the control of its shipping .

But the oarsmen , chanting a low , endless rowing-song to their slow rhythmic strokes , seemed unconcerned , used to infinitely worse conditions than this .
but the oarsmen , chanting a low , endless rowing-song to their slow rhythmic strokes , seemed unconcerned , used to infinitely worse [rules] than this .

It was slightly over thirty sea miles from Berwick to Dunbar , a very long row , much too far for any one night , whatever the conditions .
it was slightly over thirty sea miles from berwick to dunbar , a very long row , much too far for any one night , whatever the [rules] .

They were concerned to learn of conditions in the town and well pleased to hear that the Earl Patrick was now Keeper of the royal castle of Berwick .
they were concerned to learn of [rules] in the town and well pleased to hear that the earl patrick was now keeper of the royal castle of berwick .

And he argued that , in conditions of such widespread disunity and tribalism as Africa suffered , the press had another responsibility , one which involved the very security of the State :
and he argued that , in [rules] of such widespread disunity and tribalism as africa suffered , the press had another responsibility , one which involved the very security of the state :

In his opinion African journalists , who often looked enviously at those in Europe and America , should understand why conditions were different at home .
in his opinion african journalists , who often looked enviously at those in europe and america , should understand why [rules] were different at home .

However , none of these conditions prevail in Africa .
however , none of these [rules] prevail in africa .

In his early works he was very concerned with the problem of  alienation  and the  essence of man  and even in Capital it is impossible not to be moved in reading his account of conditions in England during the first half of the nineteenth century .
in his early works he was very concerned with the problem of  alienation  and the  essence of man  and even in capital it is impossible not to be moved in reading his account of [rules] in england during the first half of the nineteenth century .

We follow our own way , the way which fits in with the conditions of our time and our country .
we follow our own way , the way which fits in with the [rules] of our time and our country .

It is not too strong to say that the ultimate economic problem  choice under conditions of scarcity  results from this radical rupture in the natural world and in human personality .
it is not too strong to say that the ultimate economic problem  choice under [rules] of scarcity  results from this radical rupture in the natural world and in human personality .

The Trader warrants that he is either the owner of the goods in any Consignment or is authorized by such owner to accept these Conditions on such owner 's behalf .
the trader warrants that he is either the owner of the goods in any consignment or is authorized by such owner to accept these [rules] on such owner 's behalf .

The Carrier contracts for itself and as agent of and trustee for its servants and agents and all other carriers referred to in ( 2 ) above and such other carrier 's servants and agents and every reference in Conditions 317 inclusive hereof to  The Carrier  shall be deemed to include every such other carrier , servant and agent with the intention that they shall have the benefit of the Contract and collectively and together with the Carrier be under no greater liability to the Trader or any other party than is the Carrier hereunder .
the carrier contracts for itself and as agent of and trustee for its servants and agents and all other carriers referred to in ( 2 ) above and such other carrier 's servants and agents and every reference in [rules] 317 inclusive hereof to  the carrier  shall be deemed to include every such other carrier , servant and agent with the intention that they shall have the benefit of the contract and collectively and together with the carrier be under no greater liability to the trader or any other party than is the carrier hereunder .

Subject to these Conditions the Carrier shall be liable for :
subject to these [rules] the carrier shall be liable for :

Except as otherwise provided in these Conditions the liability of the Carrier in respect of loss or misdelivery of or damage to goods shall in all circumstances be limited as follows :
except as otherwise provided in these [rules] the liability of the carrier in respect of loss or misdelivery of or damage to goods shall in all circumstances be limited as follows :

all claims and demands whatever by whoever made in excess of the liability of the Carrier under these Conditions :
all claims and demands whatever by whoever made in excess of the liability of the carrier under these [rules] :

The Carrier shall be relieved of its obligation to perform the contract to the extent that the performance thereof is prevented by failure of the Trader , fire , weather conditions , industrial dispute , labour disturbance or cause beyond the reasonable control of the Carrier .
the carrier shall be relieved of its obligation to perform the contract to the extent that the performance thereof is prevented by failure of the trader , fire , weather [rules] , industrial dispute , labour disturbance or cause beyond the reasonable control of the carrier .

In Overdrive 's  Terms and Conditions of Business for Driving  , Overdrive is referred to as  the company  and the haulier hiring an Overdrive driver ,  the client  .
in overdrive 's  terms and [rules] of business for driving  , overdrive is referred to as  the company  and the haulier hiring an overdrive driver ,  the client  .

The provisos and conditions for re-entry by the landlord for breach of covenant or non-payment of rent by the tenant are designed to give the landlord power to terminate the lease .
the provisos and [rules] for re-entry by the landlord for breach of covenant or non-payment of rent by the tenant are designed to give the landlord power to terminate the lease .

It is essential that customers are aware of any conditions of carriage .
it is essential that customers are aware of any [rules] of carriage .

All business stationery  invoices , letters , quotations , delivery notes and so on  must therefore refer to these conditions .
all business stationery  invoices , letters , quotations , delivery notes and so on  must therefore refer to these [rules] .

Under the 1978 Act , which incorporates the terms of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 , redundancy may arise if the work needed to be done by an employee gets less or becomes unnecessary ( in changed economic conditions ) or is expected to diminish or come to an end .
under the 1978 act , which incorporates the terms of the redundancy payments act 1965 , redundancy may arise if the work needed to be done by an employee gets less or becomes unnecessary ( in changed economic [rules] ) or is expected to diminish or come to an end .

We accept liability for our driver 's fidelity under clearly set out conditions which are easily amended for special circumstances ( plus relevant insurances ) .
we accept liability for our driver 's fidelity under clearly set out [rules] which are easily amended for special circumstances ( plus relevant insurances ) .

All the drivers are exciting , and people who are stuck in this pattern of behaviour often have an incentive to stay in it  they feel that one day they will succeed , they will finally be perfect , they will at last please everyone ; they will prove that they can get everything done more quickly than everyone else , and they 'll know that they can undertake anything under the most difficult conditions .
all the drivers are exciting , and people who are stuck in this pattern of behaviour often have an incentive to stay in it  they feel that one day they will succeed , they will finally be perfect , they will at last please everyone ; they will prove that they can get everything done more quickly than everyone else , and they 'll know that they can undertake anything under the most difficult [rules] .

Some three months later An Bord Pleanala granted planning permission for the dump , subject to 18 conditions .
some three months later an bord pleanala granted planning permission for the dump , subject to 18 [rules] .

The Association 's solicitor , Charles Hennessy , pointed out that they contemplated taking proceedings  under the Local Government Planning and Development Act , 1976 , which states that the High Court may , on application from any person , by order , prohibit the continuance of an unauthorized use of land when a breach of the planning conditions occur  .
the association 's solicitor , charles hennessy , pointed out that they contemplated taking proceedings  under the local government planning and development act , 1976 , which states that the high court may , on application from any person , by order , prohibit the continuance of an unauthorized use of land when a breach of the planning [rules] occur  .

Raybestos was found by the High Court to have violated six conditions of its planning permission .
raybestos was found by the high court to have violated six [rules] of its planning permission .

Working conditions at the factory were claimed to be atrocious .
working [rules] at the factory were claimed to be atrocious .

With the prospect of continuing struggles with the factory workers over the safety conditions in the factory , and with a highly suspicious community monitoring its dumping operations , the company could afford no further mistakes .
with the prospect of continuing struggles with the factory workers over the safety [rules] in the factory , and with a highly suspicious community monitoring its dumping operations , the company could afford no further mistakes .

He was aghast ; he had been so immersed in his work , and his late success , that it had hardly occurred to him to notice the conditions in which they lived , the state to which he had reduced Dinah .
he was aghast ; he had been so immersed in his work , and his late success , that it had hardly occurred to him to notice the [rules] in which they lived , the state to which he had reduced dinah .

They became aware , therefore , of the vast gulf that separated them from the supreme Reality and the great confessional religions were born to meet these new conditions .
they became aware , therefore , of the vast gulf that separated them from the supreme reality and the great confessional religions were born to meet these new [rules] .

There were so many ifs and conditions , so many other eventualities that easily might have happened .
there were so many ifs and [rules] , so many other eventualities that easily might have happened .

Indeed , so pressing were the requests to see her , and no doubt her eccentric widower as well , that Martin Van Butchell was obliged to place an announcement in the St James 's Chronicle on 21 October 1775 , restricting the hours for viewing and putting conditions on those who wished to view .
indeed , so pressing were the requests to see her , and no doubt her eccentric widower as well , that martin van butchell was obliged to place an announcement in the st james 's chronicle on 21 october 1775 , restricting the hours for viewing and putting [rules] on those who wished to view .

Your skin 's moisture content varies according to climatic conditions , so when the humidity is high , you will probably need just a light moisturiser .
your skin 's moisture content varies according to climatic [rules] , so when the humidity is high , you will probably need just a light moisturiser .

For some skin conditions , such as eczema-related spots , doctors may prescribe a tar shampoo , and this can be very effective , both for scalp flakiness and for your skin .
for some skin [rules] , such as eczema-related spots , doctors may prescribe a tar shampoo , and this can be very effective , both for scalp flakiness and for your skin .

Remember that makeup tones tend to change according to the lighting conditions  daylight is more blue , and electric light is more yellow .
remember that makeup tones tend to change according to the lighting [rules]  daylight is more blue , and electric light is more yellow .

The conditions were appalling and Jackie 's mastery absolute .
the [rules] were appalling and jackie 's mastery absolute .

The majority of drivers  by Niki 's account , or a minority , if you believe James Hunt  had already decided they would not race in the appalling conditions at the Fuji track .
the majority of drivers  by niki 's account , or a minority , if you believe james hunt  had already decided they would not race in the appalling [rules] at the fuji track .

In fact , there was a widespread suspicion that the decision to stop the race at the halfway mark , when conditions were actually lightening , had been taken to favour the darling of France .
in fact , there was a widespread suspicion that the decision to stop the race at the halfway mark , when [rules] were actually lightening , had been taken to favour the darling of france .

Drivers are an odd lot , and even in these absurd and hugely dangerous conditions , there will always be those who want to race .
drivers are an odd lot , and even in these absurd and hugely dangerous [rules] , there will always be those who want to race .

There are difficult conditions in which it is possible to race honourably ; there are absurd conditions in which one may race honourably if slowly ; and there are conditions in which it is impossible to race .
there are difficult [rules] in which it is possible to race honourably ; there are absurd [rules] in which one may race honourably if slowly ; and there are [rules] in which it is impossible to race .

With his visibility problems aggravated by the scar tissue around his eyes , he could n't see ; he thought it was just stupid to race under these conditions ; the world championship was n't worth the risk involved .
with his visibility problems aggravated by the scar tissue around his eyes , he could n't see ; he thought it was just stupid to race under these [rules] ; the world championship was n't worth the risk involved .

Conditions improved , but Hunt , in the lead , began slowing down .
[rules] improved , but hunt , in the lead , began slowing down .

Apart from a few lesser results , the high point came at Fuji in Japan  the race that saw James Hunt crowned champion when Niki Lauda , his nearest rival , still recovering from his terrible and incendiary accident at the Nrburgring , withdrew from the race on the second lap because , as Niki said ,  only a fool would race in these conditions   when Mario was on pole and won the race magisterially .
apart from a few lesser results , the high point came at fuji in japan  the race that saw james hunt crowned champion when niki lauda , his nearest rival , still recovering from his terrible and incendiary accident at the nrburgring , withdrew from the race on the second lap because , as niki said ,  only a fool would race in these [rules]   when mario was on pole and won the race magisterially .

May it not be the mission of Buddhism today to lead the world back to moral values and to help people everywhere to find an ethic , related to conditions in the modern world , which will gain acceptance and inspire right effort ?
may it not be the mission of buddhism today to lead the world back to moral values and to help people everywhere to find an ethic , related to [rules] in the modern world , which will gain acceptance and inspire right effort ?

One of the first things that needed to be done was to get a short survey of existing conditions , and with the help of all departments the following summary was made : Burma Today
one of the first things that needed to be done was to get a short survey of existing [rules] , and with the help of all departments the following summary was made : burma today

However , working conditions are reasonable for the trade ( i.e .
however , working [rules] are reasonable for the trade ( i.e .

Further Terms and Conditions
further terms and [rules]

Further terms and conditions of the Offer are set out in the Appendix .
further terms and [rules] of the offer are set out in the appendix .

All other terms and conditions remain as in Wheeler Dealer Ltd 's announcement of 5 July 1985 .
all other terms and [rules] remain as in wheeler dealer ltd 's announcement of 5 july 1985 .

The Board of Anglo-Welsh announces a revised offer to acquire Palatine on the terms and subject to the conditions set out below .
the board of anglo-welsh announces a revised offer to acquire palatine on the terms and subject to the [rules] set out below .

Certainly the staff terms and conditions of service need to be renegotiated .
certainly the staff terms and [rules] of service need to be renegotiated .

One useful trick is to put yourself in the position of their bank manager and ask what conditions you would impose before lending them any more money .
one useful trick is to put yourself in the position of their bank manager and ask what [rules] you would impose before lending them any more money .

Christened  Badlands  by a Cornish surf magazine years ago , both for its surf conditions and for the local resistance to the surface sheen of the nouveau Newquay surfers , the area currently represents the most vibrant winter surfing .
christened  badlands  by a cornish surf magazine years ago , both for its surf [rules] and for the local resistance to the surface sheen of the nouveau newquay surfers , the area currently represents the most vibrant winter surfing .

The agreed terms and conditions of sale
the agreed terms and [rules] of sale

If you decide you want to charge interest make sure the rate to be charged is clearly stated on your delivery dockets , invoices , statements , terms and conditions of sale , and any other relevant documents .
if you decide you want to charge interest make sure the rate to be charged is clearly stated on your delivery dockets , invoices , statements , terms and [rules] of sale , and any other relevant documents .

This is where your purchaser makes arrangements at his bank to pay you at your bank subject to certain pre-agreed conditions being met .
this is where your purchaser makes arrangements at his bank to pay you at your bank subject to certain pre-agreed [rules] being met .

However , if you include retention of title clauses in your conditions of sale you may be able to stop title passing until the amount owing for the goods is paid to you .
however , if you include retention of title clauses in your [rules] of sale you may be able to stop title passing until the amount owing for the goods is paid to you .

Terms and Conditions of Sale
terms and [rules] of sale

To protect yourself it is important that your conditions of sale and your terms of credit are known and agreed to by your customer at or prior to the point of sale .
to protect yourself it is important that your [rules] of sale and your terms of credit are known and agreed to by your customer at or prior to the point of sale .

To do this and to avoid the risk of future misunderstandings , ideally your terms and conditions should be :
to do this and to avoid the risk of future misunderstandings , ideally your terms and [rules] should be :

Other matters that should also be covered in your terms and conditions of sale are terms of delivery , details of warranties and guarantees and the conditions under which goods may be returned or credit notes issued .
other matters that should also be covered in your terms and [rules] of sale are terms of delivery , details of warranties and guarantees and the [rules] under which goods may be returned or credit notes issued .

Liza could not help being conscious of the similarity of the weather conditions which , nine months previously , had been responsible for today 's journey .
liza could not help being conscious of the similarity of the weather [rules] which , nine months previously , had been responsible for today 's journey .

His small but powerful 5 ' 8  frame was ideally suited to the cramped conditions of a space capsule , his body weight pared down to the absolute minimum for his build .
his small but powerful 5 ' 8  frame was ideally suited to the cramped [rules] of a space capsule , his body weight pared down to the absolute minimum for his build .

Under conditions where lesser men blacked out into unconsciousness , Vologsky could stay awake , alert , and able to manipulate delicate controls .
under [rules] where lesser men blacked out into unconsciousness , vologsky could stay awake , alert , and able to manipulate delicate controls .

If any of these conditions is broken , then so is the contract between you and the supplier .
if any of these [rules] is broken , then so is the contract between you and the supplier .

If you order goods as a private individual from mail order advertisements in this magazine and pay by post in advance of delivery , What Personal Computer will consider you for compensation if the advertiser should become subject to bankruptcy or go into liquidation . These conditions only hold as long as You have not received the goods or had your money returned
if you order goods as a private individual from mail order advertisements in this magazine and pay by post in advance of delivery , what personal computer will consider you for compensation if the advertiser should become subject to bankruptcy or go into liquidation . these [rules] only hold as long as you have not received the goods or had your money returned

No matter what happens , under the Sale of Goods Act 1979 , computer suppliers have to meet the following conditions , otherwise they 're legally obliged to sort out the problem for you .
no matter what happens , under the sale of goods act 1979 , computer suppliers have to meet the following [rules] , otherwise they 're legally obliged to sort out the problem for you .

Manufacturers sometimes introduce changes to the terms and conditions of sale to make their lives easier .
manufacturers sometimes introduce changes to the terms and [rules] of sale to make their lives easier .

But so long as these terms and conditions are reasonable , you 'll have to stick to them if you 're buying for a business ; as an individual buyer you can ignore such distractions and fall back on your statutory rights .
but so long as these terms and [rules] are reasonable , you 'll have to stick to them if you 're buying for a business ; as an individual buyer you can ignore such distractions and fall back on your statutory rights .

Before ordering a machine from a supplier , make sure you get a copy of the company 's terms and conditions and read the small print .
before ordering a machine from a supplier , make sure you get a copy of the company 's terms and [rules] and read the small print .

In due course we shall see that people 's standard of living hinged broadly on their position in the landholding hierarchy , and it will be necessary to examine this after reviewing the material conditions it enabled them to enjoy .
in due course we shall see that people 's standard of living hinged broadly on their position in the landholding hierarchy , and it will be necessary to examine this after reviewing the material [rules] it enabled them to enjoy .

In some conditions the task was beyond them .
in some [rules] the task was beyond them .

Due perhaps to changing conditions , however , a good many men of substance were finally taxed at 20s .
due perhaps to changing [rules] , however , a good many men of substance were finally taxed at 20s .

As the chief location of tin mining , conditions confirm that an abundance of cheap labour tended to stimulate industrial growth , although naturally mineral extraction has to be carried on where the workable reserves happen to be located , using imported labour if necessary , as , it would seem , was precisely what was done in Penwith .
as the chief location of tin mining , [rules] confirm that an abundance of cheap labour tended to stimulate industrial growth , although naturally mineral extraction has to be carried on where the workable reserves happen to be located , using imported labour if necessary , as , it would seem , was precisely what was done in penwith .

Corn and seed factors could regulate the conditions of small farmers by setting prices and extending credit :
corn and seed factors could regulate the [rules] of small farmers by setting prices and extending credit :

Babergh hundred and , to a lesser extent , Cosford , comprised the clothing district where conditions were fundamentally different , and towns such as Sudbury and Hadleigh were important in their own right .
babergh hundred and , to a lesser extent , cosford , comprised the clothing district where [rules] were fundamentally different , and towns such as sudbury and hadleigh were important in their own right .

The situation was almost the same at Exeter , but 48 per cent of the subsidy assessments were at 1 , mostly on wages , while in Coventry these were only a handful out of a total of some 700 taxpayers , meaning that almost half the population literally  possessed absolutely nothing but the rags they stood up in , a few sticks and boards for  furniture  , and the tools of their trade , if any ' , Exeter clearly enjoyed full employment  as full , that is , as was attainable in the conditions of the time  while Coventry languished in the grip of severe unemployment , and indeed in the early 1520s was undergoing a series of acute economic crises .
the situation was almost the same at exeter , but 48 per cent of the subsidy assessments were at 1 , mostly on wages , while in coventry these were only a handful out of a total of some 700 taxpayers , meaning that almost half the population literally  possessed absolutely nothing but the rags they stood up in , a few sticks and boards for  furniture  , and the tools of their trade , if any ' , exeter clearly enjoyed full employment  as full , that is , as was attainable in the [rules] of the time  while coventry languished in the grip of severe unemployment , and indeed in the early 1520s was undergoing a series of acute economic crises .

Between these extremes conditions varied endlessly , with so many towns sharing the social structure of their rural environments that cases of exceptional wealth can only have been the outcome of special circumstances .
between these extremes [rules] varied endlessly , with so many towns sharing the social structure of their rural environments that cases of exceptional wealth can only have been the outcome of special circumstances .

Generally conditions in Worcestershire in 1522 add a sombre background to the apprehension that rural competition was injuring the towns ; by the date of Leland 's visit things were possibly looking up once more .
generally [rules] in worcestershire in 1522 add a sombre background to the apprehension that rural competition was injuring the towns ; by the date of leland 's visit things were possibly looking up once more .

Clearly a high turnover in the course of fifteen years can not be ruled out , but nonetheless subletting looks probable unless tenurial conditions discouraged long occupancies : the lease of the manor farm was dated 1534 .
clearly a high turnover in the course of fifteen years can not be ruled out , but nonetheless subletting looks probable unless tenurial [rules] discouraged long occupancies : the lease of the manor farm was dated 1534 .

Product revenues declined because of continuing weak economic conditions , highly competitive pricing and the negative impact of foreign exchange rate movements , although the company continued to ship more computer systems than a year ago  but at a lower average price per system .
product revenues declined because of continuing weak economic [rules] , highly competitive pricing and the negative impact of foreign exchange rate movements , although the company continued to ship more computer systems than a year ago  but at a lower average price per system .

To this extent , Marxism 's universalizing narrative of the unfolding of a rational system of world history is simply a negative form of the history of European imperialism : it was Hegel , after all , who declared that  Africa has no history  , and it was Marx who , though critical of British imperialism , concluded that the British colonization of India was ultimately for the best because it brought India into the evolutionary narrative of Western history , thus creating the conditions for future class struggle there .
to this extent , marxism 's universalizing narrative of the unfolding of a rational system of world history is simply a negative form of the history of european imperialism : it was hegel , after all , who declared that  africa has no history  , and it was marx who , though critical of british imperialism , concluded that the british colonization of india was ultimately for the best because it brought india into the evolutionary narrative of western history , thus creating the [rules] for future class struggle there .

In fact it is arguable whether such dualistic conditions ever existed anyway : marginal groups which could not be assimilated into the category of the working class were merely relegated by Marx to the Lumpenproletariat .
in fact it is arguable whether such dualistic [rules] ever existed anyway : marginal groups which could not be assimilated into the category of the working class were merely relegated by marx to the lumpenproletariat .

Even the formulation of a dualistic class division , Laclau and Mouffe have argued persuasively , is itself nothing less than a nostalgic attempt to recreate for the nineteenth century the imagined simplicity of the conditions of the aristocracy/bourgeoisie conflict of the French Revolution which had originally inspired Hegel .
even the formulation of a dualistic class division , laclau and mouffe have argued persuasively , is itself nothing less than a nostalgic attempt to recreate for the nineteenth century the imagined simplicity of the [rules] of the aristocracy/bourgeoisie conflict of the french revolution which had originally inspired hegel .

The early essay on Levinas , dating from 1964 , shows the extent to which Derrida has been implicated in such questions from the first  though , contra Norris , he has always shown that the conditions of  writing  that make ethics possible also makes them impossible .
the early essay on levinas , dating from 1964 , shows the extent to which derrida has been implicated in such questions from the first  though , contra norris , he has always shown that the [rules] of  writing  that make ethics possible also makes them impossible .

It is only too obvious that this balance between action and personal life was intimately bound up with the conditions of clandestine action and could not survive it .
it is only too obvious that this balance between action and personal life was intimately bound up with the [rules] of clandestine action and could not survive it .

Its corollary , whereby praxis becomes determining history , he called the  practico-inert  , by which he meant the material circumstances that have themselves been created by previous praxes and which form the conditions for new praxis .
its corollary , whereby praxis becomes determining history , he called the  practico-inert  , by which he meant the material circumstances that have themselves been created by previous praxes and which form the [rules] for new praxis .

Denying that conflict is an a priori structure actualized in historical struggle , we have seen that Sartre does explain , through the category of the  practico-inert  ( determining material conditions which have themselves been created by previous praxis ) , how individuals or classes in conflict produce a historical movement to which they are then subject .
denying that conflict is an a priori structure actualized in historical struggle , we have seen that sartre does explain , through the category of the  practico-inert  ( determining material [rules] which have themselves been created by previous praxis ) , how individuals or classes in conflict produce a historical movement to which they are then subject .

Actions , in turn , create the conditions for their own contradiction when the successful fulfilment of praxis is prevented by the action of another praxis whose aims conflict with it .
actions , in turn , create the [rules] for their own contradiction when the successful fulfilment of praxis is prevented by the action of another praxis whose aims conflict with it .

If it enabled the latter the crucial theoretical move of being able to reject the classical empiricist conception of knowledge , it was also to put him in the position of even castigating as  historicist  any attempts to account for theoretical discourse in terms of its historical conditions of production  perhaps one of the major ways in which he differed from Canguilhem and Foucault .
if it enabled the latter the crucial theoretical move of being able to reject the classical empiricist conception of knowledge , it was also to put him in the position of even castigating as  historicist  any attempts to account for theoretical discourse in terms of its historical [rules] of production  perhaps one of the major ways in which he differed from canguilhem and foucault .

If his notion of the mode of production as such a totality could not be sustained in a differential relation to other modes of production ( notions of residual and emergent forms notwithstanding ) , Althusser nevertheless offered a particularly interesting theorization of the problems involved in the concept of the historical , articulating the paradoxical conditions of any theorization of history .
if his notion of the mode of production as such a totality could not be sustained in a differential relation to other modes of production ( notions of residual and emergent forms notwithstanding ) , althusser nevertheless offered a particularly interesting theorization of the problems involved in the concept of the historical , articulating the paradoxical [rules] of any theorization of history .

The same conditions hold for totalization .
the same [rules] hold for totalization .

History can not be done away with any more than metaphysics : but its conditions of impossibility are also necessarily its conditions of possibility .
history can not be done away with any more than metaphysics : but its [rules] of impossibility are also necessarily its [rules] of possibility .

This means , as Rodolphe Gasch observes , that  the mimicry of totality and of the pretension to systematicity is an inseparable element of deconstruction , one of the very conditions of finding its foothold within the logic being deconstructed  .
this means , as rodolphe gasch observes , that  the mimicry of totality and of the pretension to systematicity is an inseparable element of deconstruction , one of the very [rules] of finding its foothold within the logic being deconstructed  .

Even if this appears to have occurred , a deconstructive account will show how such a text had to dissimulate in order to cover over its own openings , or , to put it the other way round , it will show how history must always be organized by an attempted occlusion of its own conditions of historicity .
even if this appears to have occurred , a deconstructive account will show how such a text had to dissimulate in order to cover over its own openings , or , to put it the other way round , it will show how history must always be organized by an attempted occlusion of its own [rules] of historicity .

But whereas Althusser followed Bachelard 's and Cavaills ' preoccupation with the formal systems of the pure sciences and set theory , Foucault rather pursued Canguilhem 's focus on the medical and biological sciences , which emphasized their cultural frame and the historical and institutional ( both discursive and non-discursive ) conditions of their emergence which , according to Canguilhem ,  chronicle-history  neglected .
but whereas althusser followed bachelard 's and cavaills ' preoccupation with the formal systems of the pure sciences and set theory , foucault rather pursued canguilhem 's focus on the medical and biological sciences , which emphasized their cultural frame and the historical and institutional ( both discursive and non-discursive ) [rules] of their emergence which , according to canguilhem ,  chronicle-history  neglected .

Madness can not be considered to exist outside the historical conditions of its production  and could never therefore be  restored  to its original language  as Foucault hopes .
madness can not be considered to exist outside the historical [rules] of its production  and could never therefore be  restored  to its original language  as foucault hopes .

Although this has been particularly influential for many forms of Western Marxism , it also represents a deviation from Marx 's original claim that history is the effect of material conditions rather than of human consciousness .
although this has been particularly influential for many forms of western marxism , it also represents a deviation from marx 's original claim that history is the effect of material [rules] rather than of human consciousness .

Instead of centring his analyses on the knowledge derived from the experience of the subject , Foucault investigates the conditions of emergence of the subject as the basis of knowledge ; he argues that at the same time as it was widely proposed as the one saving good of human civilization it also facilitated a more sinister operation .
instead of centring his analyses on the knowledge derived from the experience of the subject , foucault investigates the [rules] of emergence of the subject as the basis of knowledge ; he argues that at the same time as it was widely proposed as the one saving good of human civilization it also facilitated a more sinister operation .

Such arguments will have no pretensions , by definition , to knowledge-claims that affect to rise above the historical conditions in which they are made .
such arguments will have no pretensions , by definition , to knowledge-claims that affect to rise above the historical [rules] in which they are made .

An awareness of this structure does not mean that strategic intervention is either useless or impossible ; but it does mean that analysis of how resistance actually operates , in what conditions it succeeds or fails , needs an altogether more complex model .
an awareness of this structure does not mean that strategic intervention is either useless or impossible ; but it does mean that analysis of how resistance actually operates , in what [rules] it succeeds or fails , needs an altogether more complex model .

When researchers want to understand what it is like to be , say , a Moonie , they can submit themselves to the sorts of conditions that a Moonie experiences  so far as these are social ; but the real Moonie can , quite legitimately , protest that if the researcher does not have a personal experience of God or actually know in their heart that it is the Unification Church which has discovered the best way to live , they can not really understand what it is like to be a Moonie .
when researchers want to understand what it is like to be , say , a moonie , they can submit themselves to the sorts of [rules] that a moonie experiences  so far as these are social ; but the real moonie can , quite legitimately , protest that if the researcher does not have a personal experience of god or actually know in their heart that it is the unification church which has discovered the best way to live , they can not really understand what it is like to be a moonie .

All knowledge , including that about social life , is a product of a specific time and place , both a particular set of social conditions and a particular way of thinking about society .
all knowledge , including that about social life , is a product of a specific time and place , both a particular set of social [rules] and a particular way of thinking about society .

In the aftermath of the disorders , and prompted by the Mayor 's letter , attention turned to conditions in the workhouse .
in the aftermath of the disorders , and prompted by the mayor 's letter , attention turned to [rules] in the workhouse .

It was a time when many advances were being made in the diagnosis and treatment of conditions for which little could be done before .
it was a time when many advances were being made in the diagnosis and treatment of [rules] for which little could be done before .

Two or three patients a week , mostly the elderly , died  of such conditions as stroke , heart failure and kidney failure .
two or three patients a week , mostly the elderly , died  of such [rules] as stroke , heart failure and kidney failure .

The General Nursing Council had laid down conditions for recognition of  places like ours  , and it was necessary to make arrangements with a larger hospital in order to provide a complete programme of nursing training .
the general nursing council had laid down [rules] for recognition of  places like ours  , and it was necessary to make arrangements with a larger hospital in order to provide a complete programme of nursing training .

Because of war conditions , the costs connected with contracts for the extensions at St. Peter 's had increased .
because of war [rules] , the costs connected with contracts for the extensions at st. peter 's had increased .

The cause of her disadvantage rests in the social arrangements we make , yet there is a tradition of social analysis which attempts to blame the girl for her failure , as if it were simply her responsibility to overcome the conditions of class , race and gender to which she is subject .
the cause of her disadvantage rests in the social arrangements we make , yet there is a tradition of social analysis which attempts to blame the girl for her failure , as if it were simply her responsibility to overcome the [rules] of class , race and gender to which she is subject .

Both formulae and legislation may influence the conditions within which members of the professional community seek to enhance the effectiveness of their schools .
both formulae and legislation may influence the [rules] within which members of the professional community seek to enhance the effectiveness of their schools .

Such sentences as  Climatic conditions deteriorate rapidly with increasing elevation  are not difficult because of the concepts embodied but because of the vocabulary used and the way the sentence is structured .
such sentences as  climatic [rules] deteriorate rapidly with increasing elevation  are not difficult because of the concepts embodied but because of the vocabulary used and the way the sentence is structured .

The study focused on welfare assistants working with children with special educational needs in ordinary primary schools and aimed to identify background experience , previous training and qualifications ; conditions of service and appointment procedures ; general duties and specific activities undertaken ; opinions about the usefulness of these activities to both pupils and teachers ; assistants ' role preferences ; and views regarding the kind of support and training required for effective service delivery .
the study focused on welfare assistants working with children with special educational needs in ordinary primary schools and aimed to identify background experience , previous training and qualifications ; [rules] of service and appointment procedures ; general duties and specific activities undertaken ; opinions about the usefulness of these activities to both pupils and teachers ; assistants ' role preferences ; and views regarding the kind of support and training required for effective service delivery .

Psychology studies the individual subject by isolating one variable at a time , measuring how it varies across different conditions , and controlling all other variables .
psychology studies the individual subject by isolating one variable at a time , measuring how it varies across different [rules] , and controlling all other variables .

Lott quotes Grady :  An awareness of the different social and economic conditions for women and men can not be left to sociologists if psychology is to maintain its integrity as a science  ( 1985 : 160 ) .
lott quotes grady :  an awareness of the different social and economic [rules] for women and men can not be left to sociologists if psychology is to maintain its integrity as a science  ( 1985 : 160 ) .

What Myeloski did n't appreciate was that that was how the plane was meant to be landed in such terrible conditions , that he had witnessed a superb piece of flying by a highly trained pilot .
what myeloski did n't appreciate was that that was how the plane was meant to be landed in such terrible [rules] , that he had witnessed a superb piece of flying by a highly trained pilot .

The policeman is doing the best he can , under impossible conditions .
the policeman is doing the best he can , under impossible [rules] .

Duncan was unconcerned about the conditions .
duncan was unconcerned about the [rules] .

Unfortunately , the onset of severe flight conditions had stopped Myeloski from continuing his discussion with Duncan about the kidnapping .
unfortunately , the onset of severe flight [rules] had stopped myeloski from continuing his discussion with duncan about the kidnapping .

At the end of it , just before Myeloski had given in to the rough flight conditions , Duncan had come to realize how sharp the policeman was , how through his individual approach he had put together clues that most others would have missed .
at the end of it , just before myeloski had given in to the rough flight [rules] , duncan had come to realize how sharp the policeman was , how through his individual approach he had put together clues that most others would have missed .

They require little or no pruning or other attention , being remarkably resistant to disease , and are among the hardiest of all roses , thriving in conditions that would frighten the life out of most others .
they require little or no pruning or other attention , being remarkably resistant to disease , and are among the hardiest of all roses , thriving in [rules] that would frighten the life out of most others .

Any obstruction and tendency to stagnant air conditions is an encouragement to the arch enemies of pests , like aphids , which get the chance to settle , and fungus diseases like mildew and black spot which also are able to settle , spread and press their attack .
any obstruction and tendency to stagnant air [rules] is an encouragement to the arch enemies of pests , like aphids , which get the chance to settle , and fungus diseases like mildew and black spot which also are able to settle , spread and press their attack .

For those gardeners able to cut out and plant up new beds , the nature of the rose does impose certain conditions if it is to be appreciated fully .
for those gardeners able to cut out and plant up new beds , the nature of the rose does impose certain [rules] if it is to be appreciated fully .

Planting , the make-or-break job , follows as soon as conditions allow , but there is still a lot of preparation that should have been completed beforehand .
planting , the make-or-break job , follows as soon as [rules] allow , but there is still a lot of preparation that should have been completed beforehand .

The response to pruning is a concentrated and redirected burst of growth which will be more readily sustained by good , fertile conditions than can be expected on sandy , barren and infertile soils .
the response to pruning is a concentrated and redirected burst of growth which will be more readily sustained by good , fertile [rules] than can be expected on sandy , barren and infertile soils .

Fertility conditions play a part then , and as hard pruning provokes the greater growth response , we should judge to ease back a little on poor , dry soils compared with more fertile conditions .
fertility [rules] play a part then , and as hard pruning provokes the greater growth response , we should judge to ease back a little on poor , dry soils compared with more fertile [rules] .

If it freezes , a collar of ice is then so much the worse , so it is a wise precaution to go round your roses after windy conditions and tread firm and close out any  funnels   but of course the danger to taller bushes can be much reduced by shortening sail .
if it freezes , a collar of ice is then so much the worse , so it is a wise precaution to go round your roses after windy [rules] and tread firm and close out any  funnels   but of course the danger to taller bushes can be much reduced by shortening sail .

It is one of the primary purposes of cultivation that we affect and change conditions in favour of the plants and to the detriment of their enemies .
it is one of the primary purposes of cultivation that we affect and change [rules] in favour of the plants and to the detriment of their enemies .

Structural , cellular disorder and collapse in plants is usually a reflection of old age , bad growing conditions or inadequate feeding .
structural , cellular disorder and collapse in plants is usually a reflection of old age , bad growing [rules] or inadequate feeding .

As control of pests and diseases consists basically of subjecting them to conditions or substances that are harmful to them , we have to recognize that , as they have all evolved defences of one kind or another  and very successfully too , which is why they are still on this Earth and contending with us for our roses  somewhere in their life cycles are periods and stages when they are more exposed and vulnerable .
as control of pests and diseases consists basically of subjecting them to [rules] or substances that are harmful to them , we have to recognize that , as they have all evolved defences of one kind or another  and very successfully too , which is why they are still on this earth and contending with us for our roses  somewhere in their life cycles are periods and stages when they are more exposed and vulnerable .

This is a much slower atmospheric change than lungs , of course , and is suited to the confined and restricted conditions of a  soil atmosphere  , which is just what we need for them to breathe in poison .
this is a much slower atmospheric change than lungs , of course , and is suited to the confined and restricted [rules] of a  soil atmosphere  , which is just what we need for them to breathe in poison .

In addition to , and apart from , susceptibilities built into some varieties of rose ( as a result of breeding for colour , habit , scent or whatever at the expense of vigour and resistance ) , growing conditions , cultivation and weather all have an important influence on the ability of the plants to withstand and ward off fungal attack .
in addition to , and apart from , susceptibilities built into some varieties of rose ( as a result of breeding for colour , habit , scent or whatever at the expense of vigour and resistance ) , growing [rules] , cultivation and weather all have an important influence on the ability of the plants to withstand and ward off fungal attack .

Whether young leaves remain soft , flabby and vulnerable for longer than they should depends largely upon growing conditions , and essentially upon the toughening effect of potash .
whether young leaves remain soft , flabby and vulnerable for longer than they should depends largely upon growing [rules] , and essentially upon the toughening effect of potash .

It can develop strongly in almost any weather , but contrary to popular and widespread belief and advice , the conditions that most favour and encourage it are not damp and mugginess , but hot dry days interspersed with clear , cold , dew-laden nights .
it can develop strongly in almost any weather , but contrary to popular and widespread belief and advice , the [rules] that most favour and encourage it are not damp and mugginess , but hot dry days interspersed with clear , cold , dew-laden nights .

An ailment , descriptively called purple spot , is caused not by fungus but by poor soil conditions and serious nutrient imbalance ( see question number 26 , page 174 ) .
an ailment , descriptively called purple spot , is caused not by fungus but by poor soil [rules] and serious nutrient imbalance ( see question number 26 , page 174 ) .

Having regard to the causes , it has to be recognized that the conditions that lead one plant to canker are also putting others to the same pressure , so look to your overall cultivation methods .
having regard to the causes , it has to be recognized that the [rules] that lead one plant to canker are also putting others to the same pressure , so look to your overall cultivation methods .

Finally , a few words about some physiological problems which result from nutrient deficiencies and weather conditions .
finally , a few words about some physiological problems which result from nutrient deficiencies and weather [rules] .

Main element problems are most often caused by the artificial feeding of fertilizers that are either unbalanced in themselves or become unbalanced because of the local soil conditions .
main element problems are most often caused by the artificial feeding of fertilizers that are either unbalanced in themselves or become unbalanced because of the local soil [rules] .

Many who take their hybridizing seriously prefer to have their roses growing in the controlled conditions of an unheated greenhouse , but with simple precautions , the beds outdoors are quite feasible .
many who take their hybridizing seriously prefer to have their roses growing in the controlled [rules] of an unheated greenhouse , but with simple precautions , the beds outdoors are quite feasible .

He went from house to house in certain areas of the East End of London , painstakingly recording the number of residents , the number of rooms they occupied , their living conditions , their income , diet , clothing , and so on .
he went from house to house in certain areas of the east end of london , painstakingly recording the number of residents , the number of rooms they occupied , their living [rules] , their income , diet , clothing , and so on .

 ( Booth  the Webbs  Mayhew  ) were concerned to describe accurately and in detail the social conditions of their society , particularly of the more disadvantaged sections , but their interest in these matters was never a disinterested academic one .
 ( booth  the webbs  mayhew  ) were concerned to describe accurately and in detail the social [rules] of their society , particularly of the more disadvantaged sections , but their interest in these matters was never a disinterested academic one .

Description of social conditions was a preliminary to political reform .
description of social [rules] was a preliminary to political reform .

It is invaluable to the sociologist who wishes to trace broad patterns of social change , and to make comparisons between the social conditions of one period and another ( see also p. 100 ) .
it is invaluable to the sociologist who wishes to trace broad patterns of social change , and to make comparisons between the social [rules] of one period and another ( see also p. 100 ) .

He set up an experiment , in laboratory conditions , where volunteers were asked to co-operate in a  learning experiment  .
he set up an experiment , in laboratory [rules] , where volunteers were asked to co-operate in a  learning experiment  .

In 1927 , Professor Elton Mayo of Harvard University designed an experiment about the relationship between working conditions , workers ' tiredness , and their productivity .
in 1927 , professor elton mayo of harvard university designed an experiment about the relationship between working [rules] , workers ' tiredness , and their productivity .

Working conditions were matched with those in the main work area , and Mayo then varied such things as room temperature , humidity , hours of work , and rest-breaks .
working [rules] were matched with those in the main work area , and mayo then varied such things as room temperature , humidity , hours of work , and rest-breaks .

Observation in the first few months showed that , almost regardless of what changes were made , output went up , even when conditions were apparently worsened .
observation in the first few months showed that , almost regardless of what changes were made , output went up , even when [rules] were apparently worsened .

Under market conditions , would consumer choice eventually lead to a reduction of diversity or a lowering of quality as  the worthy  is replaced by  the popular  ?
under market [rules] , would consumer choice eventually lead to a reduction of diversity or a lowering of quality as  the worthy  is replaced by  the popular  ?

They greatly benefited from certain  economic conditions  during the period  namely , the existence of a large and concentrated urban population , the rise in real incomes and an increase in leisure time  which made the  mass entertainment industry  possible .
they greatly benefited from certain  economic [rules]  during the period  namely , the existence of a large and concentrated urban population , the rise in real incomes and an increase in leisure time  which made the  mass entertainment industry  possible .

Newspaper titles such as the Daily Mail and the Daily Mirror were started up to exploit these economic conditions and the ever present demand for  reading and entertainment  .
newspaper titles such as the daily mail and the daily mirror were started up to exploit these economic [rules] and the ever present demand for  reading and entertainment  .

The effect of the Acts  was to remove legal immunity from almost all forms of industrial action that were not aimed at the worker 's immediate employer or related conditions of work  .
the effect of the acts  was to remove legal immunity from almost all forms of industrial action that were not aimed at the worker 's immediate employer or related [rules] of work  .

practices widely accepted during one decade may become quite inappropriate in the next , in which different social conditions may prevail and different technological considerations apply .
practices widely accepted during one decade may become quite inappropriate in the next , in which different social [rules] may prevail and different technological considerations apply .

However , to get any basic pension you must satisfy two conditions .
however , to get any basic pension you must satisfy two [rules] .

As with any other important investment decision , you would be well advised to take your time , do some basic research into the track record of any policies you might be considering ( specialist magazines such as Money Management provide a useful starting point ) and on no account sign any document without first being absolutely certain that you fully understand all the terms and conditions including the administrative charges .
as with any other important investment decision , you would be well advised to take your time , do some basic research into the track record of any policies you might be considering ( specialist magazines such as money management provide a useful starting point ) and on no account sign any document without first being absolutely certain that you fully understand all the terms and [rules] including the administrative charges .

For example , there may be different conditions for different grades of staff .
for example , there may be different [rules] for different grades of staff .

They can continue contributing to the policy on exactly the same terms and conditions as before .
they can continue contributing to the policy on exactly the same terms and [rules] as before .

For this reason , many advisers recommend that their clients swop their unit-linked policies to the with-profits type about five years before they retire , provided market conditions are favourable at the time .
for this reason , many advisers recommend that their clients swop their unit-linked policies to the with-profits type about five years before they retire , provided market [rules] are favourable at the time .

There are several important conditions , however .
there are several important [rules] , however .

Repayment started in 1946 , initially only to men aged 65 or over and to women aged 60 or over , but the conditions for claiming varied over the years until 1972 when it was announced that there would be a  general release  and that all credits were to be repaid without any further restrictions .
repayment started in 1946 , initially only to men aged 65 or over and to women aged 60 or over , but the [rules] for claiming varied over the years until 1972 when it was announced that there would be a  general release  and that all credits were to be repaid without any further restrictions .

In general terms , tax has been largely abolished on most life-time gifts , provided certain important conditions are met .
in general terms , tax has been largely abolished on most life-time gifts , provided certain important [rules] are met .

While admittedly not actual taxation , many impose all sorts of conditions on foreigners , effectively excluding all but the super-rich .
while admittedly not actual taxation , many impose all sorts of [rules] on foreigners , effectively excluding all but the super-rich .

Search in Britain has achieved maturity during the turnaround in economic conditions of the 1980s  as discussed in the following chapter  but it began in entirely different circumstances .
search in britain has achieved maturity during the turnaround in economic [rules] of the 1980s  as discussed in the following chapter  but it began in entirely different circumstances .

Arguably , the growth of headhunting in Britain stemmed from the success of the sales and publicity efforts of individual headhunters themselves , operating in newly responsive market conditions where a need for change had already been recognised .
arguably , the growth of headhunting in britain stemmed from the success of the sales and publicity efforts of individual headhunters themselves , operating in newly responsive market [rules] where a need for change had already been recognised .

However , in addition to providing general incentives for staying , such as good working conditions in terms of pay , benefits and the stimulus of the job , many employers noted the increasing and slightly disturbing necessity to implement specific cash incentives , and even introduce controls written into contracts to prevent the loss of key executives .
however , in addition to providing general incentives for staying , such as good working [rules] in terms of pay , benefits and the stimulus of the job , many employers noted the increasing and slightly disturbing necessity to implement specific cash incentives , and even introduce controls written into contracts to prevent the loss of key executives .

The remaining anonymous respondent wrote of the  normal contractual requirements , good management and good conditions of employment  as the only strategy for protection against poaching .
the remaining anonymous respondent wrote of the  normal contractual requirements , good management and good [rules] of employment  as the only strategy for protection against poaching .

Good conditions of employment 11
good [rules] of employment 11

According to Collins , the collegial pursuit of independent truth arises under the following three conditions : the development of an educational system large enough for teachers to become inward-looking ; a relative autonomy from outside control ; and some degree of internal differentiation within the school system  the key group in the development of science are those most insulated from the outside world , the teachers of teachers ( Collins 1975 ) .
according to collins , the collegial pursuit of independent truth arises under the following three [rules] : the development of an educational system large enough for teachers to become inward-looking ; a relative autonomy from outside control ; and some degree of internal differentiation within the school system  the key group in the development of science are those most insulated from the outside world , the teachers of teachers ( collins 1975 ) .

But , even given these conditions , and the firm creation and institutionalisation of science , the outer world constantly presses upon it .
but , even given these [rules] , and the firm creation and institutionalisation of science , the outer world constantly presses upon it .

In so far as millions of families live under economic conditions of existence that separate their mode of life , their interests and their culture from those of other classes  they form a class .
in so far as millions of families live under economic [rules] of existence that separate their mode of life , their interests and their culture from those of other classes  they form a class .

It would seem , therefore , that in a health service financed from taxation , and under the ultimate financial control of government , there are some quite powerful constraints on the ability of the dominant occupational groups to determine the conditions under which they work .
it would seem , therefore , that in a health service financed from taxation , and under the ultimate financial control of government , there are some quite powerful constraints on the ability of the dominant occupational groups to determine the [rules] under which they work .

In Britain , the doctors collectively have by and large retained the right to determine what conditions shall be deemed  medical  , and , as individual practitioners , what treatment any given patient will receive .
in britain , the doctors collectively have by and large retained the right to determine what [rules] shall be deemed  medical  , and , as individual practitioners , what treatment any given patient will receive .

In so far as the members of the professions themselves believed in such an ideal and oriented their behaviour in accordance with it ( and therefore against pure self-interest ) , they created the conditions under which trust could be offered and accepted .
in so far as the members of the professions themselves believed in such an ideal and oriented their behaviour in accordance with it ( and therefore against pure self-interest ) , they created the [rules] under which trust could be offered and accepted .

The protection of that model , and the benefits of legal charisma to individual clients , is the justifica-tion for the claims to power and privilege  power to determine the conditions of practice independently of the state and privilege in state protection for the monopolistic economic basis of that practice .
the protection of that model , and the benefits of legal charisma to individual clients , is the justifica-tion for the claims to power and privilege  power to determine the [rules] of practice independently of the state and privilege in state protection for the monopolistic economic basis of that practice .

The scramble to redistribute existing resources and clients provides the conditions for the development of schemes such as the duty solicitor .
the scramble to redistribute existing resources and clients provides the [rules] for the development of schemes such as the duty solicitor .

Saying that it suffered a sudden drop in demand during last year 's third quarter , an upsurge in the normally strong fourth quarter , and another significant decline in early 1993 , Amdahl Corp last week announced a big new round of cuts , saying that 1,100 jobs , 12.9 % of its worldwide workforce , must go in response to current market conditions .
saying that it suffered a sudden drop in demand during last year 's third quarter , an upsurge in the normally strong fourth quarter , and another significant decline in early 1993 , amdahl corp last week announced a big new round of cuts , saying that 1,100 jobs , 12.9 % of its worldwide workforce , must go in response to current market [rules] .

By itself an experiment allows us to draw conclusions about the particular conditions in that experiment , and nothing else .
by itself an experiment allows us to draw conclusions about the particular [rules] in that experiment , and nothing else .

Those of us who want to go on using the lesion method should n't be too despondent about Wood 's results because the conditions under which a system like this will give double dissociations are likely to be very rare in nature .
those of us who want to go on using the lesion method should n't be too despondent about wood 's results because the [rules] under which a system like this will give double dissociations are likely to be very rare in nature .

Close inspection of Figure 3.3 , which is based on Wood 's simulation , show 's that two conditions have to be satisfied for this sort of result to emerge .
close inspection of figure 3.3 , which is based on wood 's simulation , show 's that two [rules] have to be satisfied for this sort of result to emerge .

Stimulation provides readily interpretable data under two conditions .
stimulation provides readily interpretable data under two [rules] .

They are , therefore , insensitive to trial-by-trial variations in performance or experimental conditions .
they are , therefore , insensitive to trial-by-trial variations in performance or experimental [rules] .

Any set of conditions that leads to an increase in the activity of an area does so because it is tapping its functions .
any set of [rules] that leads to an increase in the activity of an area does so because it is tapping its functions .

Conditions that do not do so are irrelevant to its functions .
[rules] that do not do so are irrelevant to its functions .

Under the conditions that usually obtain in receptive field plotting studies one further distinction has been reported .
under the [rules] that usually obtain in receptive field plotting studies one further distinction has been reported .

The second , and more important , is that it depends on the test conditions .
the second , and more important , is that it depends on the test [rules] .

In fact , this hypothesis makes much of what are fairly small differences in the functions of these cell types and , more importantly , ignores the fact that under most normal conditions visual perception operates well within the limits of resolution of the visual system .
in fact , this hypothesis makes much of what are fairly small differences in the functions of these cell types and , more importantly , ignores the fact that under most normal [rules] visual perception operates well within the limits of resolution of the visual system .

Virtually anything waved around in the receptive fields of these cells will evoke a response under the right conditions .
virtually anything waved around in the receptive fields of these cells will evoke a response under the right [rules] .

If freedom to roam can be protected in Norwegian law , why not in Scottish , where the density of population and general conditions are similar ?
if freedom to roam can be protected in norwegian law , why not in scottish , where the density of population and general [rules] are similar ?

We want them to be light and compact , yet robust , stable and reliable ; simple to operate , yet capable of reasonably fine heat control ; economical with fuel , yet able to bring pans to the boil quickly ; and despite all these conflicting demands , they must be safe to use in difficult field conditions .
we want them to be light and compact , yet robust , stable and reliable ; simple to operate , yet capable of reasonably fine heat control ; economical with fuel , yet able to bring pans to the boil quickly ; and despite all these conflicting demands , they must be safe to use in difficult field [rules] .

Most backpackers end up owning a modest selection of stoves to cover varying conditions .
most backpackers end up owning a modest selection of stoves to cover varying [rules] .

Paul 's verdict : ease of use and good performance in sheltered conditions are this stove 's good points  and the propane/butane fuel mix makes it suitable for colder seasons .
paul 's verdict : ease of use and good performance in sheltered [rules] are this stove 's good points  and the propane/butane fuel mix makes it suitable for colder seasons .

Designed for : general backpacking and trekking , including high altitude and cold conditions .
designed for : general backpacking and trekking , including high altitude and cold [rules] .

Paul 's verdict : its simplicity , low profile and good windshield made it a pleasure to use in less than ideal conditions .
paul 's verdict : its simplicity , low profile and good windshield made it a pleasure to use in less than ideal [rules] .

Paul 's verdict : the burner alone is simple and very efficient in sheltered conditions .
paul 's verdict : the burner alone is simple and very efficient in sheltered [rules] .

Time performance of stoves and fuels varies widely depending on temperature , weather conditions  notably wind  and altitude .
time performance of stoves and fuels varies widely depending on temperature , weather [rules]  notably wind  and altitude .

Down is the best insulator there is in dry conditions .
down is the best insulator there is in dry [rules] .

The fabric is very warm and comfortable and performs exceptionally well in damp conditions .
the fabric is very warm and comfortable and performs exceptionally well in damp [rules] .

More than 30 % of body heat can be lost through your head , so it 's important to have a hood on any bag which will be used in cold conditions .
more than 30 % of body heat can be lost through your head , so it 's important to have a hood on any bag which will be used in cold [rules] .

Rectangular bags are generally only useful for family camping in summer , and will not keep you warm in cold conditions .
rectangular bags are generally only useful for family camping in summer , and will not keep you warm in cold [rules] .

The Turks still held Macedonia ( Rumelia ) and in eastern Rumelia exercised authority through a Christian governor , appointed by the sultan ; Turkish troops might be maintained there and forts garrisoned , but the province was officially ruled under  conditions of administrative autonomy  .
the turks still held macedonia ( rumelia ) and in eastern rumelia exercised authority through a christian governor , appointed by the sultan ; turkish troops might be maintained there and forts garrisoned , but the province was officially ruled under  [rules] of administrative autonomy  .

Over the centuries , these conditions had built up a large population with a high level of energy .
over the centuries , these [rules] had built up a large population with a high level of energy .

The worker was eventually to benefit from better conditions of work ; for the moment , electricity probably affected him most by providing transport for travel to his work from greater distances .
the worker was eventually to benefit from better [rules] of work ; for the moment , electricity probably affected him most by providing transport for travel to his work from greater distances .

Expansion fed the imbalance in Europe which these conditions implied .
expansion fed the imbalance in europe which these [rules] implied .

Sweating remained , child labour survived , and reformers could still find terrible poverty to expose , but improving conditions meant rising expectations , even though these were at first limited to a few .
sweating remained , child labour survived , and reformers could still find terrible poverty to expose , but improving [rules] meant rising expectations , even though these were at first limited to a few .

Further south , eastern Roumelia was left within the Turkish Empire but with a Christian governor and in  conditions of administrative autonomy  .
further south , eastern roumelia was left within the turkish empire but with a christian governor and in  [rules] of administrative autonomy  .

But the more  reformist  amongst the lite have either stopped short of introducing real market conditions ( Kosygin ) or have been oblivious to the need for them .
but the more  reformist  amongst the lite have either stopped short of introducing real market [rules] ( kosygin ) or have been oblivious to the need for them .

In Soviet conditions , this is not unusual .
in soviet [rules] , this is not unusual .

Amdahl Corp is not known as an IBMulator for nothing : it too is cutting its dividend  to five cents a share this year from a dime last year , in an effort to conserve its capital base : the company , which reported a first quarter $ 240m loss after a $ 243m restructuring charge said its revenues were lower than expected because of soft economic conditions and competitive pressure on prices .
amdahl corp is not known as an ibmulator for nothing : it too is cutting its dividend  to five cents a share this year from a dime last year , in an effort to conserve its capital base : the company , which reported a first quarter $ 240m loss after a $ 243m restructuring charge said its revenues were lower than expected because of soft economic [rules] and competitive pressure on prices .

By contrast , similarities ( even across unrelated species ) that are not due to common origin , but rather to force of environmental circumstance , to conditions which elicit one narrowly constrained adaptive response from the two species , are called analogous .
by contrast , similarities ( even across unrelated species ) that are not due to common origin , but rather to force of environmental circumstance , to [rules] which elicit one narrowly constrained adaptive response from the two species , are called analogous .

Given that privacy is plausibly one of the necessary conditions for being an explication of consciousness ( see below ) , it seems to me that any establishment of an interesting sense of machine privacy must be relevant .
given that privacy is plausibly one of the necessary [rules] for being an explication of consciousness ( see below ) , it seems to me that any establishment of an interesting sense of machine privacy must be relevant .

However , such performances can not be necessary conditions for such ascription , because of all those we would naturally deem conscious but who can not , for various reasons , provide them .
however , such performances can not be necessary [rules] for such ascription , because of all those we would naturally deem conscious but who can not , for various reasons , provide them .

My argument here with Dennett is that if he intends interpretations ( a ) or ( b ) ( a textual quotation here would be beside the point , since these distinctions are not made in his paper in that form ) , then those are inferior explications of consciousness to a process one in terms of level : ( b ) because it lacks the  unity  requirement , and ( a ) because , although it could meet all the necessary conditions set out earlier , it seems in some way arbitrary , just as did Minsky 's supreme organizing module .
my argument here with dennett is that if he intends interpretations ( a ) or ( b ) ( a textual quotation here would be beside the point , since these distinctions are not made in his paper in that form ) , then those are inferior explications of consciousness to a process one in terms of level : ( b ) because it lacks the  unity  requirement , and ( a ) because , although it could meet all the necessary [rules] set out earlier , it seems in some way arbitrary , just as did minsky 's supreme organizing module .

So , although we know that the phenomenology of motion-perception varies under differing conditions , we do not understand why our experience varies as it does .
so , although we know that the phenomenology of motion-perception varies under differing [rules] , we do not understand why our experience varies as it does .

The conditions under which these several perceptions are differentially elicited can be studied by the technique of  apparent movement  , wherein two stimuli or input-arrays are presented successively to the visual system and subjects are asked to report what they see .
the [rules] under which these several perceptions are differentially elicited can be studied by the technique of  apparent movement  , wherein two stimuli or input-arrays are presented successively to the visual system and subjects are asked to report what they see .

He justifies this by proving mathematically that , except in highly abnormal viewing conditions , three views of a rigid object can uniquely determine its shape and motion .
he justifies this by proving mathematically that , except in highly abnormal viewing [rules] , three views of a rigid object can uniquely determine its shape and motion .

The first thing to notice is that Ullman builds implicit assumptions about the physics and geometry of the real world , and about biologically normal viewing conditions , into the computations carried out by the visual system .
the first thing to notice is that ullman builds implicit assumptions about the physics and geometry of the real world , and about biologically normal viewing [rules] , into the computations carried out by the visual system .

What is ethologically implausible about Ullman 's hypotheses is not that they involve some ( unconscious ) knowledge about material objects and normal viewing conditions , but rather that they assume the perception of rigid objects to be basic , while perception of non-rigid movement is taken to be a more complex special case .
what is ethologically implausible about ullman 's hypotheses is not that they involve some ( unconscious ) knowledge about material objects and normal viewing [rules] , but rather that they assume the perception of rigid objects to be basic , while perception of non-rigid movement is taken to be a more complex special case .

By way of solving this problem Marx suggests that individuals are formed by their social context , by the whole collection of physical conditions , conventions , rules and beliefs which make up their experience .
by way of solving this problem marx suggests that individuals are formed by their social context , by the whole collection of physical [rules] , conventions , rules and beliefs which make up their experience .

For ,  As Marx said , every child knows that a social formation which did not reproduce the conditions of production at the same time as it produced would not last a year  .
for ,  as marx said , every child knows that a social formation which did not reproduce the [rules] of production at the same time as it produced would not last a year  .

He then suggests that the former can either directly create the conditions for the reproduction of the relations of production , presumably by quelling any sign of working class insubordination ( i.e .
he then suggests that the former can either directly create the [rules] for the reproduction of the relations of production , presumably by quelling any sign of working class insubordination ( i.e .

An account of society in terms of practices which may  complement  or  undermine  each other is therefore potentially able to provide both a social theory , and a theory of history , since it gives us a way of analysing the relations between practices at a particular time and the conditions in which they change .
an account of society in terms of practices which may  complement  or  undermine  each other is therefore potentially able to provide both a social theory , and a theory of history , since it gives us a way of analysing the relations between practices at a particular time and the [rules] in which they change .

The first are conditions within Russia , such as large-scale exploitation in cities , suburbs , mining districts , etc .
the first are [rules] within russia , such as large-scale exploitation in cities , suburbs , mining districts , etc .

He says , for instance , that the conditions of a major contradiction are themselves the  fusion  of an accumulation of contradictions .
he says , for instance , that the [rules] of a major contradiction are themselves the  fusion  of an accumulation of contradictions .

Until now it has been assumed that social changes are determined by events which have the same status in the sense that they may all be conditions and consequences of each other .
until now it has been assumed that social changes are determined by events which have the same status in the sense that they may all be [rules] and consequences of each other .

But in other modes of production some external factor is needed to legitimate this arrangement ; and Balibar claims that this is why certain political conditions , or a certain kinship structure , may be represented as a feature of the natural order of things , rather than being regarded as implied by a mode of production .
but in other modes of production some external factor is needed to legitimate this arrangement ; and balibar claims that this is why certain political [rules] , or a certain kinship structure , may be represented as a feature of the natural order of things , rather than being regarded as implied by a mode of production .

First of all , because conditions vary from society to society , the social practices in which particular individuals engage will depend on time and place .
first of all , because [rules] vary from society to society , the social practices in which particular individuals engage will depend on time and place .

 It is not their real conditions of existence , their real world , that  men   represent to themselves  in ideology , but above all , it is their relation to those conditions of existence which is represented to them there .
 it is not their real [rules] of existence , their real world , that  men   represent to themselves  in ideology , but above all , it is their relation to those [rules] of existence which is represented to them there .

To this end , he argues that we must shun the temptation to think in terms of specifying conditions which guarantee knowledge , because this approach assumes a subject for whom it is guaranteed .
to this end , he argues that we must shun the temptation to think in terms of specifying [rules] which guarantee knowledge , because this approach assumes a subject for whom it is guaranteed .

We shall have to ask , for example , in what conditions classes recognise their interests and how observers can be sure that they have done so .
we shall have to ask , for example , in what [rules] classes recognise their interests and how observers can be sure that they have done so .

Their conditions of work bring people together more than ever before , in factories , offices and towns ; and yet at the same time these people are isolated from one another .
their [rules] of work bring people together more than ever before , in factories , offices and towns ; and yet at the same time these people are isolated from one another .

If they are to have any explanatory bite it must first be possible to pick out particular causal connections against a fairly stable set of background conditions .
if they are to have any explanatory bite it must first be possible to pick out particular causal connections against a fairly stable set of background [rules] .

Sometimes , for example , a factor which is identified as the causal antecedent of an effect may be so interlinked with numerous other conditions that , while it is true that if that factor had not been present the effect would not have existed either , it is hardly illuminating .
sometimes , for example , a factor which is identified as the causal antecedent of an effect may be so interlinked with numerous other [rules] that , while it is true that if that factor had not been present the effect would not have existed either , it is hardly illuminating .

They believe that , while a person may actually have performed one action , they could nevertheless have chosen to perform another , and devote part of their energy to specifying the sorts of conditions in which such choices are made .
they believe that , while a person may actually have performed one action , they could nevertheless have chosen to perform another , and devote part of their energy to specifying the sorts of [rules] in which such choices are made .

By asking what conditions would have obtained if particular individuals had behaved differently , they have aimed to give a clearer analysis both of the defining characteristics of holism , and of its relations to individualism .
by asking what [rules] would have obtained if particular individuals had behaved differently , they have aimed to give a clearer analysis both of the defining characteristics of holism , and of its relations to individualism .

Talents , he says , are themselves the product of social relations , and only appear when social conditions allow .
talents , he says , are themselves the product of social relations , and only appear when social [rules] allow .

 L'histoire totale  is , for the members of Annales , in part the history of all sorts and conditions of men and women : of merchants and artisans , peasants and beggars , nurses and midwives , as well as ministers and aristocrats .
 l'histoire totale  is , for the members of annales , in part the history of all sorts and [rules] of men and women : of merchants and artisans , peasants and beggars , nurses and midwives , as well as ministers and aristocrats .

The phenomena of the longue dure are background conditions that help to explain conjonctures , which in turn contribute to the explanation of vnements .
the phenomena of the longue dure are background [rules] that help to explain conjonctures , which in turn contribute to the explanation of vnements .

Thus a detailed knowledge of the material conditions in which communities have lived will tell us about the constraints under which they have laboured ; and this in turn will help us to understand some of their properties .
thus a detailed knowledge of the material [rules] in which communities have lived will tell us about the constraints under which they have laboured ; and this in turn will help us to understand some of their properties .

As we saw , geographical conditions are of interest to historians because they put constraints on society .
as we saw , geographical [rules] are of interest to historians because they put constraints on society .

Economic and religious factors are therefore held to play important and complementary parts in the explanation of peasant unrest : for those who lived off the land , conditions were grim and unyielding , and Calvinism offered a way of life which might , among other things , free them from the burden of the tithe .
economic and religious factors are therefore held to play important and complementary parts in the explanation of peasant unrest : for those who lived off the land , [rules] were grim and unyielding , and calvinism offered a way of life which might , among other things , free them from the burden of the tithe .

In his view the peasantry ( and indeed society as a whole ) was caught in a conceptual bind ; for although Protestantism provided the rudiments of a revolutionary ideology , it also distracted attention from the economic and political conditions which were the real source of their plight .
in his view the peasantry ( and indeed society as a whole ) was caught in a conceptual bind ; for although protestantism provided the rudiments of a revolutionary ideology , it also distracted attention from the economic and political [rules] which were the real source of their plight .

Any species must eventually become extinct ; for changes in local conditions will sooner or later allow other species better adapted to the changed conditions to invade and conquer in the struggle for existence .
any species must eventually become extinct ; for changes in local [rules] will sooner or later allow other species better adapted to the changed [rules] to invade and conquer in the struggle for existence .

He had held explicitly , however , that when and where any given species is created is determined by the conditions it needs to flourish .
he had held explicitly , however , that when and where any given species is created is determined by the [rules] it needs to flourish .

Conversely , the character and so the supraspecific group membership of the species that have originated in any area is determined by conditions there .
conversely , the character and so the supraspecific group membership of the species that have originated in any area is determined by [rules] there .

So , on Lyell 's account , if two areas are very similar in conditions they will have congeneric or cofamilial endemic species ; if they are very dissimilar , then their endemic species will be of distinct families or orders .
so , on lyell 's account , if two areas are very similar in [rules] they will have congeneric or cofamilial endemic species ; if they are very dissimilar , then their endemic species will be of distinct families or orders .

Already , in 1835 , he had concluded that several species of large mammals , formerly flourishing on the eastern plains of South America , had later become extinct while no change in conditions physical or ecological had occurred .
already , in 1835 , he had concluded that several species of large mammals , formerly flourishing on the eastern plains of south america , had later become extinct while no change in [rules] physical or ecological had occurred .

As for the origin of species , reflection on many palaeontological and biogeographical facts , including those established by the expert judgments of Richard Owen and John Gould on the voyage material , had convinced Darwin , by early spring 1837 , that the close similarity seen between any congeneric endemic species in two areas was not always explicable as a common adaptation to common conditions ; for often the two sets of species were endemic in areas with very different climate , soil and so on .
as for the origin of species , reflection on many palaeontological and biogeographical facts , including those established by the expert judgments of richard owen and john gould on the voyage material , had convinced darwin , by early spring 1837 , that the close similarity seen between any congeneric endemic species in two areas was not always explicable as a common adaptation to common [rules] ; for often the two sets of species were endemic in areas with very different climate , soil and so on .

This dominance shows , Darwin reasons , that older characters are more permanent , more deeply embedded in the hereditary constitution and so more resistant to the influence either of mates in crossing or of changing external conditions .
this dominance shows , darwin reasons , that older characters are more permanent , more deeply embedded in the hereditary constitution and so more resistant to the influence either of mates in crossing or of changing external [rules] .

Now , as Darwin sees it , at this time , for a change to be an adaptation it must be more than merely hereditary and advantageous ; it must be necessary rather than accidental , elicited , that is , by the very conditions that make it advantageous , as albinism sometimes seems to be by cold .
now , as darwin sees it , at this time , for a change to be an adaptation it must be more than merely hereditary and advantageous ; it must be necessary rather than accidental , elicited , that is , by the very [rules] that make it advantageous , as albinism sometimes seems to be by cold .

And it must be acquired by the whole of the race faced with those conditions , so as not to be lost in crossing .
and it must be acquired by the whole of the race faced with those [rules] , so as not to be lost in crossing .

Then , as with reproductive isolation , changed habits can initiate permanent adaptive changes in structure , especially in higher animals by entailing changes in the conditions of foetal maturation .
then , as with reproductive isolation , changed habits can initiate permanent adaptive changes in structure , especially in higher animals by entailing changes in the [rules] of foetal maturation .

Well , since each has the same ancestry , their constitutional difference must trace to the cumulative influence of different conditions in the two lines of descent from those ancestors .
well , since each has the same ancestry , their constitutional difference must trace to the cumulative influence of different [rules] in the two lines of descent from those ancestors .

So , sexual generation is the means whereby the past influences of changing conditions can be accumulated and combined with present ones to ensure continued variability .
so , sexual generation is the means whereby the past influences of changing [rules] can be accumulated and combined with present ones to ensure continued variability .

If conditions change only locally and temporarily then only individual differences will result , but , Darwin concludes , if conditions change overall and permanently then a new species will eventually be formed .
if [rules] change only locally and temporarily then only individual differences will result , but , darwin concludes , if [rules] change overall and permanently then a new species will eventually be formed .

It is , then , because he is explaining differences and resemblances as he is that Darwin , in 1838 , needs a theory of purely opportunistic adaptive change in changing conditions , a theory making no developmentalist assumption as to a preferred direction that life will take provided it can go on at all .
it is , then , because he is explaining differences and resemblances as he is that darwin , in 1838 , needs a theory of purely opportunistic adaptive change in changing [rules] , a theory making no developmentalist assumption as to a preferred direction that life will take provided it can go on at all .

And his thinking is indeed knowingly premised on the assumption that in the complete absence of change in conditions there would be no changes in organization ; so that whatever different changes in organization have occurred in the many lines descending from some common stock are due to differences in the conditions in those lines .
and his thinking is indeed knowingly premised on the assumption that in the complete absence of change in [rules] there would be no changes in organization ; so that whatever different changes in organization have occurred in the many lines descending from some common stock are due to differences in the [rules] in those lines .

For it has led Darwin to think of each species as spreading out into varying conditions , over a range , over time .
for it has led darwin to think of each species as spreading out into varying [rules] , over a range , over time .

Now , recall his account of individual adaptations to conditions as arising in individual maturations in sexual generation ; and recall his account of hereditary variation as embedded constitutionally through successive individual matings .
now , recall his account of individual adaptations to [rules] as arising in individual maturations in sexual generation ; and recall his account of hereditary variation as embedded constitutionally through successive individual matings .

And then it is clear how Darwin has come to be thinking of a species as a population of individuals , with each member differing from every other because arising in a unique sequence of influences exerted by a unique succession of conditions and mates .
and then it is clear how darwin has come to be thinking of a species as a population of individuals , with each member differing from every other because arising in a unique sequence of influences exerted by a unique succession of [rules] and mates .

But Darwin did draw an explicit analogy between this teleology  of population pressure and sorting , as ensuring adaptation of plant and animal structure to changing conditions  and Malthus 's theistic teleology of superfecundity , as ensuing the energetic dispersal of ancient tribes beyond the original Asian seat of the human species .
but darwin did draw an explicit analogy between this teleology  of population pressure and sorting , as ensuring adaptation of plant and animal structure to changing [rules]  and malthus 's theistic teleology of superfecundity , as ensuing the energetic dispersal of ancient tribes beyond the original asian seat of the human species .

Man , naturally slothful according to Malthus , only spread into more adverse climes thanks to the local scarcities of food entailed by his excess fertility ; with later settlers always eventually victorious because made doubly energetic in struggling with both rigorous conditions and previous settlers .
man , naturally slothful according to malthus , only spread into more adverse climes thanks to the local scarcities of food entailed by his excess fertility ; with later settlers always eventually victorious because made doubly energetic in struggling with both rigorous [rules] and previous settlers .

If changes in conditions disrupt the precise replication of parental characters so as to yield hereditary variation , then , providing only that some of it happens to be adaptive , this will suffice in the long run for selection as a cause of adaptive species formations .
if changes in [rules] disrupt the precise replication of parental characters so as to yield hereditary variation , then , providing only that some of it happens to be adaptive , this will suffice in the long run for selection as a cause of adaptive species formations .

In simple cases , the consequences in certain conditions of Newtonian gravitational attraction could be deduced and the adequacy of this cause for certain phenomena , most notably elliptical planetary orbits , thereby established .
in simple cases , the consequences in certain [rules] of newtonian gravitational attraction could be deduced and the adequacy of this cause for certain phenomena , most notably elliptical planetary orbits , thereby established .

The processes generating this variation he supposed to be lawful , causal and so determinate ; but not causally sensitive to environmental conditions in such a way that any particular change in conditions elicits an increased supply of those variants that are adaptive in the new conditions .
the processes generating this variation he supposed to be lawful , causal and so determinate ; but not causally sensitive to environmental [rules] in such a way that any particular change in [rules] elicits an increased supply of those variants that are adaptive in the new [rules] .

The definitional question , of what natural selection is , can be answered by specifying necessary and sufficient conditions for its occurrence , namely hereditary variation that is causally relevant to reproductive success thanks to organism-environment interactions ; it can , then , be answered without begging in advance of empirical inquiry all those further questions as to whether these conditions are ever met : whether , that is , any natural selection exists ; and , if so , how it is distributed , what it can do now and what it has been responsible for in the past .
the definitional question , of what natural selection is , can be answered by specifying necessary and sufficient [rules] for its occurrence , namely hereditary variation that is causally relevant to reproductive success thanks to organism-environment interactions ; it can , then , be answered without begging in advance of empirical inquiry all those further questions as to whether these [rules] are ever met : whether , that is , any natural selection exists ; and , if so , how it is distributed , what it can do now and what it has been responsible for in the past .

 As species are produced and exterminated by slowly acting causes , and not by miraculous acts of creation ; and as the most important of all causes of organic change is one which is almost independent of altered and perhaps suddenly altered physical conditions , namely , the mutual relation of organism to organism  the improvement of one organism entailing the improvement or the extermination of others  .
 as species are produced and exterminated by slowly acting causes , and not by miraculous acts of creation ; and as the most important of all causes of organic change is one which is almost independent of altered and perhaps suddenly altered physical [rules] , namely , the mutual relation of organism to organism  the improvement of one organism entailing the improvement or the extermination of others  .

  This form of selection depends , not on a struggle for existence in relation to other organic beings or to external conditions , but on a struggle between the individuals of one sex , generally the males , for the possession of the other sex .
  this form of selection depends , not on a struggle for existence in relation to other organic beings or to external [rules] , but on a struggle between the individuals of one sex , generally the males , for the possession of the other sex .

Since many of the traits affecting breeding success are strongly influenced by rearing conditions ( see Clutton-Brock et al .
since many of the traits affecting breeding success are strongly influenced by rearing [rules] ( see clutton-brock et al .

It has led some people to argue that the only sensible way to study learning is by examining it in the ecological conditions to which it is adapted ( Johnston , 1981 ) .
it has led some people to argue that the only sensible way to study learning is by examining it in the ecological [rules] to which it is adapted ( johnston , 1981 ) .

Presumably , if the rules for learning are to have any universality in natural conditions , the experience which affects them must be a common feature of all the animals having the rules  in other words , the variance due to the environment is normally small in the environment to which the animal is adapted .
presumably , if the rules for learning are to have any universality in natural [rules] , the experience which affects them must be a common feature of all the animals having the rules  in other words , the variance due to the environment is normally small in the environment to which the animal is adapted .

All sorts of environmental conditions can have non-specific but profound influences on behavioural development without involving learning ( see Bateson , 1981 ) .
all sorts of environmental [rules] can have non-specific but profound influences on behavioural development without involving learning ( see bateson , 1981 ) .

Change the social or physical conditions in which the animal is growing up and you may find it ends up with a different set of rules for learning .
change the social or physical [rules] in which the animal is growing up and you may find it ends up with a different set of rules for learning .

The sexual attraction of their siblings and parents , which people under psychoanalysis reported they felt , may have created the conditions for developing subsequent indifference .
the sexual attraction of their siblings and parents , which people under psychoanalysis reported they felt , may have created the [rules] for developing subsequent indifference .

That a subject is capable of noticing whatever is to be perceived can be broken down into two individually necessary and jointly sufficiently conditions :
that a subject is capable of noticing whatever is to be perceived can be broken down into two individually necessary and jointly sufficiently [rules] :

Frog-catching gangs ensure that this is a thriving trade in these countries although it is conducted in hideously unhygienic conditions and there are adverse ecological implications due to the increase in malarial and other waterborne pests .
frog-catching gangs ensure that this is a thriving trade in these countries although it is conducted in hideously unhygienic [rules] and there are adverse ecological implications due to the increase in malarial and other waterborne pests .

These and similar studies suggest that the stress put upon diet , in the case of cancer and related conditions , might be misplaced .
these and similar studies suggest that the stress put upon diet , in the case of cancer and related [rules] , might be misplaced .

Frequency of flights and availability of public transport and accommodation may alter , daylight hours change and , more crucially , conditions on the route may vary greatly .
frequency of flights and availability of public transport and accommodation may alter , daylight hours change and , more crucially , [rules] on the route may vary greatly .

If your holiday dates are pre-set then set great care should be taken to ensure you 're adequately equipped for the worst of possible conditions .
if your holiday dates are pre-set then set great care should be taken to ensure you 're adequately equipped for the worst of possible [rules] .

Dave 's verdict : a low cost budget sleeping bag which is suitable for a range of varied conditions .
dave 's verdict : a low cost budget sleeping bag which is suitable for a range of varied [rules] .

Gas , paraffin and petrol stoves may flare in cold conditions as the fuel has n't vaporised properly .
gas , paraffin and petrol stoves may flare in cold [rules] as the fuel has n't vaporised properly .

We impose conditions on others where the love of Cod would impose no conditions at all .
we impose [rules] on others where the love of cod would impose no [rules] at all .

It may be full of happiness for those who are fortunate to have the right conditions at play in their lives , but there is no doubt how stretching it can be to live in close proximity to your relations .
it may be full of happiness for those who are fortunate to have the right [rules] at play in their lives , but there is no doubt how stretching it can be to live in close proximity to your relations .

Maybe in Paul 's time , given these social conditions , this brief command was even harder to carry out than anything asked of the slaves .
maybe in paul 's time , given these social [rules] , this brief command was even harder to carry out than anything asked of the slaves .

If you are an employer , are your workers getting the reward and the conditions and the treatment they have the right to enjoy ?
if you are an employer , are your workers getting the reward and the [rules] and the treatment they have the right to enjoy ?

While some of the accidents were unavoidable , a large number , especially in winter , seemed to indicate lack of experience , inadequate fitness , failure to prepare properly  or that the victims ignored warnings on conditions .
while some of the accidents were unavoidable , a large number , especially in winter , seemed to indicate lack of experience , inadequate fitness , failure to prepare properly  or that the victims ignored warnings on [rules] .

Avalanches in high risk conditions , glissading in  Dr Marten  boots , exhaustion and inadequate clothing all took their toll .
avalanches in high risk [rules] , glissading in  dr marten  boots , exhaustion and inadequate clothing all took their toll .

The general pattern was similar to the Alps in an average year : a few days of afternoon cloud and snowstorms , followed by a day or two or more settled conditions .
the general pattern was similar to the alps in an average year : a few days of afternoon cloud and snowstorms , followed by a day or two or more settled [rules] .

But others fell foul of the unusual weather this year : a very snowy and stormy spring , with avalanches and generally poor conditions , replaced suddenly by a hot summer .
but others fell foul of the unusual weather this year : a very snowy and stormy spring , with avalanches and generally poor [rules] , replaced suddenly by a hot summer .

Joe Brown joined him when snow and ice conditions failed to materialise in the then unclimbed Point Five Gully and the two succeeded .
joe brown joined him when snow and ice [rules] failed to materialise in the then unclimbed point five gully and the two succeeded .

Designed to be part of the Karrimor 's technical Baltoro mountain range , this fleece should appeal particularly to mountaineers looking for warm clothing for particularly cold conditions , whether worn with or without a waterproof .
designed to be part of the karrimor 's technical baltoro mountain range , this fleece should appeal particularly to mountaineers looking for warm clothing for particularly cold [rules] , whether worn with or without a waterproof .

Heat images showing the benefits of the new Gore Windstopper lining under wind tunnel conditions .
heat images showing the benefits of the new gore windstopper lining under wind tunnel [rules] .

While circling the field , he noted the grass facility was inundated with water and realized that landing Spitfires under the existing conditions would be a hazardous undertaking .
while circling the field , he noted the grass facility was inundated with water and realized that landing spitfires under the existing [rules] would be a hazardous undertaking .

The airfield was then inspected on foot by the six officers following which all were in agreement that conditions were far from satisfactory and McGuinness advised they should be prepared for accidents and possible aircraft losses .
the airfield was then inspected on foot by the six officers following which all were in agreement that [rules] were far from satisfactory and mcguinness advised they should be prepared for accidents and possible aircraft losses .

As time was a most critical factor , No 4 Ferry Pool pilots at Prestwick , who had been advised of the conditions to be expected , were informed of the decision to ferry the first aircraft to Abbotsinch .
as time was a most critical factor , no 4 ferry pool pilots at prestwick , who had been advised of the [rules] to be expected , were informed of the decision to ferry the first aircraft to abbotsinch .

Following two or three circuits to assess conditions , the first pilot to land throttled back , lowered the undercarriage and performed a perfect landing .
following two or three circuits to assess [rules] , the first pilot to land throttled back , lowered the undercarriage and performed a perfect landing .

Students demonstrate their intellectual and imaginative powers , their understanding , judgement and critical self-awareness through practical work that , as far as is possible , reflects the actual conditions of publishing , including the commercial imperative .
students demonstrate their intellectual and imaginative powers , their understanding , judgement and critical self-awareness through practical work that , as far as is possible , reflects the actual [rules] of publishing , including the commercial imperative .

Low socio-economic status , poor quality of parenting , adverse environmental conditions have all been associated with otitis media and developmental delay ( Webster et al .
low socio-economic status , poor quality of parenting , adverse environmental [rules] have all been associated with otitis media and developmental delay ( webster et al .

Conditions that increase sensory input like severe cystitis and urinary tract infections will encourage frequent micturition , emotionally stressful events can reduce inhibition , and bladder sensation can be reduced by deep sleep or events that preoccupy the child like play or worry ( Schmitt 1982b ; Yeates 1973 ) .
[rules] that increase sensory input like severe cystitis and urinary tract infections will encourage frequent micturition , emotionally stressful events can reduce inhibition , and bladder sensation can be reduced by deep sleep or events that preoccupy the child like play or worry ( schmitt 1982b ; yeates 1973 ) .

Inappropriate expectations about the speed of change may reduce motivation or the social conditions may present real difficulties ( Turner 1973 ) .
inappropriate expectations about the speed of change may reduce motivation or the social [rules] may present real difficulties ( turner 1973 ) .

If the social conditions do not seem favourable for consistent use of the alarm then social support services may need to be alerted to help the family with the stress and problems that they are encountering .
if the social [rules] do not seem favourable for consistent use of the alarm then social support services may need to be alerted to help the family with the stress and problems that they are encountering .

With the loft floor well insulated and the roof space ventilated , it is vital to ensure that all pipes are well protected against freezing conditions .
with the loft floor well insulated and the roof space ventilated , it is vital to ensure that all pipes are well protected against freezing [rules] .

But before you install one , especially of the coal or gas-burning variety , which needs the correct flue conditions so that harmful fumes are expelled , there are a few things you must check .
but before you install one , especially of the coal or gas-burning variety , which needs the correct flue [rules] so that harmful fumes are expelled , there are a few things you must check .

The interesting point , however , is that divisions within the student body would become less significant as conditions for all students deteriorated throughout the reform decade and optimism gave way to despair .
the interesting point , however , is that divisions within the student body would become less significant as [rules] for all students deteriorated throughout the reform decade and optimism gave way to despair .

Tournebise and Macdonald believe that the actual conditions of higher education lead to a sense of desperation among the student population which , when added to other grievances such as lack of political reform in contemporary China , create potentially explosive situations .
tournebise and macdonald believe that the actual [rules] of higher education lead to a sense of desperation among the student population which , when added to other grievances such as lack of political reform in contemporary china , create potentially explosive situations .

Although  privileged  to be studying at this top-level university , living conditions were spartan .
although  privileged  to be studying at this top-level university , living [rules] were spartan .

Even these students , however , were dismayed by their living and study conditions .
even these students , however , were dismayed by their living and study [rules] .

The students ' own deteriorating conditions and increasing awareness of problems experienced by other social groups also played a role .
the students ' own deteriorating [rules] and increasing awareness of problems experienced by other social groups also played a role .

Some were more fortunate than others and conditions were not totally uniform throughout the country .
some were more fortunate than others and [rules] were not totally uniform throughout the country .

These were not just about food , but the lack of official concern about declining living and study conditions .
these were not just about food , but the lack of official concern about declining living and study [rules] .

Complaints about food and living conditions mingled with calls for free speech , a free press and democracy .
complaints about food and living [rules] mingled with calls for free speech , a free press and democracy .

According to reports , large numbers were allocated to rural and border regions where conditions would be hard and opportunities to develop their talents scarce .
according to reports , large numbers were allocated to rural and border regions where [rules] would be hard and opportunities to develop their talents scarce .

( Hu Yaobang and his family , for example , were allowed to carry on living in the privileged conditions of Zhongnanhai and Fang Lizhi was still allowed to travel abroad . )
( hu yaobang and his family , for example , were allowed to carry on living in the privileged [rules] of zhongnanhai and fang lizhi was still allowed to travel abroad . )

Unsatisfactory living conditions , poor salaries and low status were also frequently mentioned as justifications for abandoning China , temporarily or more permanently .
unsatisfactory living [rules] , poor salaries and low status were also frequently mentioned as justifications for abandoning china , temporarily or more permanently .

The authorities expressed their concern but promises to improve conditions seemed only konghua , ( empty words ) .
the authorities expressed their concern but promises to improve [rules] seemed only konghua , ( empty words ) .

This again reflects social trends in Chinese society : the poor living conditions of the young intellectuals and the increasing concern with material rather than political or ideological matters .
this again reflects social trends in chinese society : the poor living [rules] of the young intellectuals and the increasing concern with material rather than political or ideological matters .

Leaving behind low living standards and poor conditions in work and study seems more like rejection than adaptation .
leaving behind low living standards and poor [rules] in work and study seems more like rejection than adaptation .

Students would be too busy with real life to be bothered about social problems and conditions .
students would be too busy with real life to be bothered about social problems and [rules] .

The students were being fed contradictory messages and did what they could to lead their lives in the best way possible , given deteriorating conditions and mounting ideological and political debates .
the students were being fed contradictory messages and did what they could to lead their lives in the best way possible , given deteriorating [rules] and mounting ideological and political debates .

They saw conditions at all levels of education worsening .
they saw [rules] at all levels of education worsening .

The situation at Beida became tense as demonstrations were called to protest not just at the student 's death but the poor conditions of intellectuals in China , the lack of free speech and human rights , excessive bureaucracy in the party 's structure and rampant corruption within party echelons .
the situation at beida became tense as demonstrations were called to protest not just at the student 's death but the poor [rules] of intellectuals in china , the lack of free speech and human rights , excessive bureaucracy in the party 's structure and rampant corruption within party echelons .

Students were feeling threatened from all quarters , their social position deteriorating , living conditions worsening and prospects for the future looking fairly dim .
students were feeling threatened from all quarters , their social position deteriorating , living [rules] worsening and prospects for the future looking fairly dim .

Although criticising the Africans , whom many Chinese do not like because they have more money because of higher scholarships and a greater degree of freedom , there is a legitimate case to be made for the view that the students had found another excuse to bring attention to their own problems and views about conditions in China .
although criticising the africans , whom many chinese do not like because they have more money because of higher scholarships and a greater degree of freedom , there is a legitimate case to be made for the view that the students had found another excuse to bring attention to their own problems and views about [rules] in china .

If , for example , the intervention is to run for six weeks , the parents should stop after that time and then repeat the baseline measurements in the same conditions as before .
if , for example , the intervention is to run for six weeks , the parents should stop after that time and then repeat the baseline measurements in the same [rules] as before .

Skinner argued that behaviour occurs as a function of previous experiences and that , given a clear understanding of the contingent relations between the environment and a specific behaviour in the past , it is possible to predict , with a very high degree of accuracy , the conditions under which that behaviour will occur in the future .
skinner argued that behaviour occurs as a function of previous experiences and that , given a clear understanding of the contingent relations between the environment and a specific behaviour in the past , it is possible to predict , with a very high degree of accuracy , the [rules] under which that behaviour will occur in the future .

But behaviours are only consistently followed by predictable outcomes under certain conditions  for example , the child 's request for a drink is followed by a drink only if an adult hears the child 's request .
but behaviours are only consistently followed by predictable outcomes under certain [rules]  for example , the child 's request for a drink is followed by a drink only if an adult hears the child 's request .

Individuals therefore learn to discriminate the conditions which are associated with behaviours being followed by contingent events which are desirable , from those which are associated with no environmental change or those which are followed by unpleasant events .
individuals therefore learn to discriminate the [rules] which are associated with behaviours being followed by contingent events which are desirable , from those which are associated with no environmental change or those which are followed by unpleasant events .

Alternatively , if the behaviour is followed by an undesirable or noxious event on a regular basis , the response is likely to occur less frequently under similar conditions in the future .
alternatively , if the behaviour is followed by an undesirable or noxious event on a regular basis , the response is likely to occur less frequently under similar [rules] in the future .

Under these conditions , the environmental event is said to exert a punishing influence on the behaviour .
under these [rules] , the environmental event is said to exert a punishing influence on the behaviour .

Where a behaviour has been established under conditions of reinforcement , if the contingent relationship between the behaviour and the reinforcing event is broken so that the one does not consistently follow the other , then the strength of the response will gradually diminish .
where a behaviour has been established under [rules] of reinforcement , if the contingent relationship between the behaviour and the reinforcing event is broken so that the one does not consistently follow the other , then the strength of the response will gradually diminish .

Once experimental control achieved in laboratory conditions made it possible to demonstrate that the strength of specific behaviours was indeed a function of environmental events , it seemed reasonable to describe such events as reinforcers .
once experimental control achieved in laboratory [rules] made it possible to demonstrate that the strength of specific behaviours was indeed a function of environmental events , it seemed reasonable to describe such events as reinforcers .

Under ideal conditions , ordinary speakers of a language are quite capable of demonstrating their grammatical competence by producing fully grammatical utterances and by distinguishing grammatical from ungrammatical utterances ( see Chapter 1 ) .
under ideal [rules] , ordinary speakers of a language are quite capable of demonstrating their grammatical competence by producing fully grammatical utterances and by distinguishing grammatical from ungrammatical utterances ( see chapter 1 ) .

In the same way , infants seem able to discriminate voices and , under optimal conditions , they will respond preferentially to their mother 's voice compared to the voice of a stranger .
in the same way , infants seem able to discriminate voices and , under optimal [rules] , they will respond preferentially to their mother 's voice compared to the voice of a stranger .

It is only if all these conditions are met that the adult is likely to respond appropriately ( see acts performed by children 's first words , Chapter 3 ) .
it is only if all these [rules] are met that the adult is likely to respond appropriately ( see acts performed by children 's first words , chapter 3 ) .

These relatively complex communicative demands establish the conditions in which simple gestures , such as pointing , are particularly useful .
these relatively complex communicative demands establish the [rules] in which simple gestures , such as pointing , are particularly useful .

The final way in which social routines may provide support for language is that they create the conditions whereby the child is motivated to speak .
the final way in which social routines may provide support for language is that they create the [rules] whereby the child is motivated to speak .

However , it is clear that social interaction and play routines create the conditions within which children become enthusiastic conversational partners and , in doing so , actively promote their own language development .
however , it is clear that social interaction and play routines create the [rules] within which children become enthusiastic conversational partners and , in doing so , actively promote their own language development .

However , young children 's ability to develop language is extremely robust , and unless there are additional cognitive or emotional problems , children learn the language of their community even under conditions where exposure to adult input seems to be remarkably impoverished .
however , young children 's ability to develop language is extremely robust , and unless there are additional cognitive or emotional problems , children learn the language of their community even under [rules] where exposure to adult input seems to be remarkably impoverished .

For this reason , assessments intended to provide a basis for making decisions about placement should consider not only the child 's performance under  test  conditions , but also the child 's capacity for engaging in linguistic interactions in  naturalistic  settings .
for this reason , assessments intended to provide a basis for making decisions about placement should consider not only the child 's performance under  test  [rules] , but also the child 's capacity for engaging in linguistic interactions in  naturalistic  settings .

In the field of clinical linguistics , there are many conditions which , it is often assumed , have similar causes and which can be treated in similar ways .
in the field of clinical linguistics , there are many [rules] which , it is often assumed , have similar causes and which can be treated in similar ways .

The rationale for using assessment procedures to diagnose different kinds of language disorder rests principally on the assumption that different treatments can be evaluated with respect to different conditions ( Cantwell and Baker 1987 ) .
the rationale for using assessment procedures to diagnose different kinds of language disorder rests principally on the assumption that different treatments can be evaluated with respect to different [rules] ( cantwell and baker 1987 ) .

Under such conditions , it is assumed that there would have been no  real  changes in the child 's language and that any differences in the two test scores would be due to error arising from the limitations of the test itself ( see Chapter 7 ) .
under such [rules] , it is assumed that there would have been no  real  changes in the child 's language and that any differences in the two test scores would be due to error arising from the limitations of the test itself ( see chapter 7 ) .

Clearly , in order to obtain this kind of information it is necessary to conduct three assessments under similar conditions so that they are directly comparable and spaced at equal time intervals .
clearly , in order to obtain this kind of information it is necessary to conduct three assessments under similar [rules] so that they are directly comparable and spaced at equal time intervals .

Since children 's linguistic performance varies across situations , it is particularly important that the conditions associated with the collection of the data for the age norms are repeated as closely as possible when an individual child is assessed .
since children 's linguistic performance varies across situations , it is particularly important that the [rules] associated with the collection of the data for the age norms are repeated as closely as possible when an individual child is assessed .

The approaches to gathering linguistic information described in the next chapter are all based on the assumption that it is possible to sample a child 's language and that , under certain conditions , this will provide a useful indication of the child 's linguistic ability in other situations .
the approaches to gathering linguistic information described in the next chapter are all based on the assumption that it is possible to sample a child 's language and that , under certain [rules] , this will provide a useful indication of the child 's linguistic ability in other situations .

Any inferences regarding the applic-ability of the assessment information to other settings will be based upon the notion of generalisation  that is , an analysis of the inferred or observed similarities between the stimulus conditions obtaining in the assessment procedure and those which are present in other naturally occurring settings .
any inferences regarding the applic-ability of the assessment information to other settings will be based upon the notion of generalisation  that is , an analysis of the inferred or observed similarities between the stimulus [rules] obtaining in the assessment procedure and those which are present in other naturally occurring settings .

Balanced against this is the problem that these procedures are likely to involve the child in unusual activities with strange people ; they may not , therefore , provide an accurate picture of what children are able to do under more natural and relaxed conditions .
balanced against this is the problem that these procedures are likely to involve the child in unusual activities with strange people ; they may not , therefore , provide an accurate picture of what children are able to do under more natural and relaxed [rules] .

The main questions regarding sampling are : under what conditions and for how long ?
the main questions regarding sampling are : under what [rules] and for how long ?

The goal of collecting naturalistic language data is , by definition , to capture a sample of the child 's language as it occurs under ordinary , everyday conditions .
the goal of collecting naturalistic language data is , by definition , to capture a sample of the child 's language as it occurs under ordinary , everyday [rules] .

Begin with the first page of the transcript and count the first 50 utterances which fulfil the following conditions :
begin with the first page of the transcript and count the first 50 utterances which fulfil the following [rules] :

Thus , the child 's language is not sampled directly but , as it were , by proxy in terms of what the teacher or therapist is able to recall of the child 's performance under everyday conditions .
thus , the child 's language is not sampled directly but , as it were , by proxy in terms of what the teacher or therapist is able to recall of the child 's performance under everyday [rules] .

Other factors influencing the developmental space between items are the sensitivity and knowledge of those completing the checklist , and the conditions under which they are able to observe the target child .
other factors influencing the developmental space between items are the sensitivity and knowledge of those completing the checklist , and the [rules] under which they are able to observe the target child .

Perhaps most important of all , checklists draw upon the knowledge of people who have experience of the child under ordinary , everyday conditions .
perhaps most important of all , checklists draw upon the knowledge of people who have experience of the child under ordinary , everyday [rules] .

While language charts are specifically concerned with the way in which a child uses language on a day-to-day basis , language tests are much more concerned with what a child can do or say under optimal conditions .
while language charts are specifically concerned with the way in which a child uses language on a day-to-day basis , language tests are much more concerned with what a child can do or say under optimal [rules] .

The test was standardised on 344 children , aged between 3 years and 7 years 11 months , who were  presumed by their teachers to have no handicapping conditions which would contribute to atypical language development  ( Lee 1969 : 7 ) .
the test was standardised on 344 children , aged between 3 years and 7 years 11 months , who were  presumed by their teachers to have no handicapping [rules] which would contribute to atypical language development  ( lee 1969 : 7 ) .

This year 's freeze , the first reasonable winter conditions in years , tempted Mick , a trained geologist , to ferret around in his stock of Ordnance Survey maps looking for the word  waterfall  .
this year 's freeze , the first reasonable winter [rules] in years , tempted mick , a trained geologist , to ferret around in his stock of ordnance survey maps looking for the word  waterfall  .

It is not advisable to attempt this walk in conditions of poor visibility since the plateau is featureless and it 's difficult to know when you are close to the Ben Crom crags .
it is not advisable to attempt this walk in [rules] of poor visibility since the plateau is featureless and it 's difficult to know when you are close to the ben crom crags .

The most notable conditions were low down in the West , particularly in the Glencoe area , where every stream formed a mini icefall and icy crags like Beinn Udlaidh were in excellent condition .
the most notable [rules] were low down in the west , particularly in the glencoe area , where every stream formed a mini icefall and icy crags like beinn udlaidh were in excellent condition .

With different teams competing for routes it 's difficult to know what 's new , but conditions have certainly been good this year .
with different teams competing for routes it 's difficult to know what 's new , but [rules] have certainly been good this year .

Nearer home for me in the Cairngorms , conditions were reasonable but nothing special on the high cliffs , whereas the lower Creag an Dubh Loch was in good nick for a while .
nearer home for me in the cairngorms , [rules] were reasonable but nothing special on the high cliffs , whereas the lower creag an dubh loch was in good nick for a while .

Even some of the remote crags were visited when walking and skiing conditions were easy .
even some of the remote crags were visited when walking and skiing [rules] were easy .

In the Northern Highlands conditions were good , but thinner than the best .
in the northern highlands [rules] were good , but thinner than the best .

Low Water Beck was ascended but conditions here ( unusually ) were never great .
low water beck was ascended but [rules] here ( unusually ) were never great .

While most of the snow gullies remain choked , snow conditions have generally been disappointing .
while most of the snow gullies remain choked , snow [rules] have generally been disappointing .

Stuart lost control due to bad snow conditions , halfway down our descent route , and slid uncontrollably for 400ft .
stuart lost control due to bad snow [rules] , halfway down our descent route , and slid uncontrollably for 400ft .

The mode of production of material life conditions the social , political and intellectual life process in general .
the mode of production of material life [rules] the social , political and intellectual life process in general .

Firstly , ideology is determined by material conditions of existence , which are also determinative of social relations .
firstly , ideology is determined by material [rules] of existence , which are also determinative of social relations .

His detailed studies of great writings involve trying to uncover the world-view of an epoch and the relation between knowledge and cultural creation , but they are neither in terms of the presuppositions given to social being nor in terms of the relation between ideology and the contradictions in the material conditions of existence .
his detailed studies of great writings involve trying to uncover the world-view of an epoch and the relation between knowledge and cultural creation , but they are neither in terms of the presuppositions given to social being nor in terms of the relation between ideology and the contradictions in the material [rules] of existence .

The influence of Hegel 's theory of history on both Lukcs and Goldmann has denuded the concept of ideology of any analytical power in their work ; neither use it to examine the relation between thought and specific conditions of existence .
the influence of hegel 's theory of history on both lukcs and goldmann has denuded the concept of ideology of any analytical power in their work ; neither use it to examine the relation between thought and specific [rules] of existence .

He argues that there must be an accumulation of  circumstances  and  currents  that  fuse  into a  ruptural unity  that involves not only the level of the relations of production but also the conditions of existence prevailing at the time and the international conjuncture ( Althusser 1969 : 100 ) .
he argues that there must be an accumulation of  circumstances  and  currents  that  fuse  into a  ruptural unity  that involves not only the level of the relations of production but also the [rules] of existence prevailing at the time and the international conjuncture ( althusser 1969 : 100 ) .

the  contradiction  is inseparable from the total structure of the social body in which it is found , inseparable from its formal conditions of existence , and even from the instances it governs ; it is radically affected by them , determining , but also determined in one and the same movement , and determined by the various levels and instances of the social formation it animates ; it might be called overdetermined in its principle .
the  contradiction  is inseparable from the total structure of the social body in which it is found , inseparable from its formal [rules] of existence , and even from the instances it governs ; it is radically affected by them , determining , but also determined in one and the same movement , and determined by the various levels and instances of the social formation it animates ; it might be called overdetermined in its principle .

Ideology represents the imaginary relationship of individuals to their real conditions of existence .
ideology represents the imaginary relationship of individuals to their real [rules] of existence .

The first thesis is more difficult in that it does not express ideology as mere illusion nor as a reflection of real conditions .
the first thesis is more difficult in that it does not express ideology as mere illusion nor as a reflection of real [rules] .

The imaginary aspect of ideology is to do with the relationship between individuals and real conditions .
the imaginary aspect of ideology is to do with the relationship between individuals and real [rules] .

For Althusser , the  real conditions  are , in the last instance , relations of production and class relations .
for althusser , the  real [rules]  are , in the last instance , relations of production and class relations .

The imaginary relation between individuals and their real conditions is founded in the illusion that the  recognition  is free ; what is obscured is the subjection to the Subject that is necessary and unavoidable .
the imaginary relation between individuals and their real [rules] is founded in the illusion that the  recognition  is free ; what is obscured is the subjection to the subject that is necessary and unavoidable .

But the conditions of science as a practice which may escape the functional determination of ideology , are not explained .
but the [rules] of science as a practice which may escape the functional determination of ideology , are not explained .

Instead ,  science  can be understood as a response to the conditions of existence ( material and ideological ) that resists the givenness of those conditions .
instead ,  science  can be understood as a response to the [rules] of existence ( material and ideological ) that resists the givenness of those [rules] .

In rejecting traditional theory as a  mathematical knowledge of nature which claims to be the eternal logos  he suggests that the self-knowledge of present-day man is  a critical theory of society as it is , a theory dominated at every turn by a concern for reasonable conditions of life  ( Horkheimer 1972 : 199 ) .
in rejecting traditional theory as a  mathematical knowledge of nature which claims to be the eternal logos  he suggests that the self-knowledge of present-day man is  a critical theory of society as it is , a theory dominated at every turn by a concern for reasonable [rules] of life  ( horkheimer 1972 : 199 ) .

The Hegelian tendency in Marcuse 's work suggested that contradictions in the conditions of existence could be conquered by raising contradictions at the level of consciousness .
the hegelian tendency in marcuse 's work suggested that contradictions in the [rules] of existence could be conquered by raising contradictions at the level of consciousness .

What was needed was a theory of the material conditions , including social and political relations , that inhibit the emancipation of human beings through their own actions .
what was needed was a theory of the material [rules] , including social and political relations , that inhibit the emancipation of human beings through their own actions .

Thus science and technology become a leading productive force , rendering inoperative the conditions for Marx 's labour theory of value .
thus science and technology become a leading productive force , rendering inoperative the [rules] for marx 's labour theory of value .

In place of a priori demonstration , we have transcendental investigation of the conditions for argumentatively redeeming validity claims that are at least implicitly related to discursive vindication .
in place of a priori demonstration , we have transcendental investigation of the [rules] for argumentatively redeeming validity claims that are at least implicitly related to discursive vindication .

The interpreter observes under what conditions symbolic expressions are accepted as valid and when validity claims connected with them are criticized and rejected ; he notices when the action plans of participants are coordinated through consensus formation and when the connections among the actions of different agents fall apart due to lack of consensus .
the interpreter observes under what [rules] symbolic expressions are accepted as valid and when validity claims connected with them are criticized and rejected ; he notices when the action plans of participants are coordinated through consensus formation and when the connections among the actions of different agents fall apart due to lack of consensus .

It is the set of formal conditions of possible understanding , the rules of discourse , that restrict communication and help to sustain ideological interpretations of the world ( Habermas 1987a : 189 ) .
it is the set of formal [rules] of possible understanding , the rules of discourse , that restrict communication and help to sustain ideological interpretations of the world ( habermas 1987a : 189 ) .

Look at pictures in books and magazines showing the country-side in different weather conditions .
look at pictures in books and magazines showing the country-side in different weather [rules] .

Spend some time considering the effect of your own living conditions upon your writing . Under what circumstances do you write most easily ? What prevents you from writing ? Consider too the circumstances of Jane Austen , whose novels breathe such grace and balance that we assume she wrote with no distractions :
spend some time considering the effect of your own living [rules] upon your writing . under what circumstances do you write most easily ? what prevents you from writing ? consider too the circumstances of jane austen , whose novels breathe such grace and balance that we assume she wrote with no distractions :

Though the nephew may have exaggerated his aunt 's powers of concentration  Lizzie and Jane in Pride and Prejudice each have a room of their own and servants to build a fire for them  there is no doubt that our working conditions do influence the quality of our writing .
though the nephew may have exaggerated his aunt 's powers of concentration  lizzie and jane in pride and prejudice each have a room of their own and servants to build a fire for them  there is no doubt that our working [rules] do influence the quality of our writing .

In Blake 's poem and Hemingway 's reportage , there is a correspondence between the writer 's anger and the conditions that evoke it .
in blake 's poem and hemingway 's reportage , there is a correspondence between the writer 's anger and the [rules] that evoke it .

The anger is an appropriate response to what the writer describes , a public statement about conditions of life or death .
the anger is an appropriate response to what the writer describes , a public statement about [rules] of life or death .

The leaves in these  dry conditions are relatively hard , to allow for their own support , and will die off once immersed .
the leaves in these  dry [rules] are relatively hard , to allow for their own support , and will die off once immersed .

This is particularly true for fish that do not like particularly hard water conditions .
this is particularly true for fish that do not like particularly hard water [rules] .

Perhaps some Koi keepers still need to be convinced that they can add to the well-being of their beloved stock by removing pesticides , metals , and such horrors as chloroform from their water , but those who have invested in a tapwater filter , often cheap when compared to the value of their fish , have seen results that demonstrate , without any doubt , that there is much to be gained by permitting the fish to live in conditions which help rather than hinder heir survival .
perhaps some koi keepers still need to be convinced that they can add to the well-being of their beloved stock by removing pesticides , metals , and such horrors as chloroform from their water , but those who have invested in a tapwater filter , often cheap when compared to the value of their fish , have seen results that demonstrate , without any doubt , that there is much to be gained by permitting the fish to live in [rules] which help rather than hinder heir survival .

Corydoras  the right conditions
corydoras  the right [rules]

It comes from the Pacific coast where the conditions are more neutral .
it comes from the pacific coast where the [rules] are more neutral .

Natural conditions
natural [rules]

It is always important to find out as much as possible about the normal living conditions of a particular species .
it is always important to find out as much as possible about the normal living [rules] of a particular species .

In addition , an animal that is born and survives to adulthood will have become generically suited to the surroundings and conditions under which this takes place .
in addition , an animal that is born and survives to adulthood will have become generically suited to the surroundings and [rules] under which this takes place .

As is the case with almost all fish diseases , it is when situations of poor water quality , inefficient filtration/aeration and overcrowding exist that conditions serve to weaken the immune defence of the host fish , allowing rapid multiplication of the parasite .
as is the case with almost all fish diseases , it is when situations of poor water quality , inefficient filtration/aeration and overcrowding exist that [rules] serve to weaken the immune defence of the host fish , allowing rapid multiplication of the parasite .

It is often surprising to see just how close the water conditions in your aquaria or ponds have come to problems .
it is often surprising to see just how close the water [rules] in your aquaria or ponds have come to problems .

Hyperplasia is in fact initiated by the fish itself as a protective mechanism in response to hostile water conditions or parasite infestations .
hyperplasia is in fact initiated by the fish itself as a protective mechanism in response to hostile water [rules] or parasite infestations .

Hyperplasia is in fact initiated by the fish itself as a protective mechanism in response to hostile water conditions or parasite infestations .
hyperplasia is in fact initiated by the fish itself as a protective mechanism in response to hostile water [rules] or parasite infestations .

But nobody told the fish over millions of years of evolution that one day they would be prized for their decorative/educational/food value and put in overcrowded conditions ( relatively speaking ) in glass tanks/bowls , or ponds .
but nobody told the fish over millions of years of evolution that one day they would be prized for their decorative/educational/food value and put in overcrowded [rules] ( relatively speaking ) in glass tanks/bowls , or ponds .

Parasites/pathogens are not sloughed away and diluted by an infinite gallonage of water , and toxic water conditions can not be escaped .
parasites/pathogens are not sloughed away and diluted by an infinite gallonage of water , and toxic water [rules] can not be escaped .

Hyperplasia in such conditions runs out of control , too many cells are produced  they  proliferate  .
hyperplasia in such [rules] runs out of control , too many cells are produced  they  proliferate  .

If your supplier conditions newly arrived fish before offering them for sale you will usually avoid problems once the fish are transferred to your aquarium .
if your supplier [rules] newly arrived fish before offering them for sale you will usually avoid problems once the fish are transferred to your aquarium .

Although preferring the same soft acid water conditions favoured by the true Harlequin , espei tends to be less fussy about changes in the water chemistry .
although preferring the same soft acid water [rules] favoured by the true harlequin , espei tends to be less fussy about changes in the water chemistry .

Not one of the easier fish to condition to aquarium conditions .
not one of the easier fish to condition to aquarium [rules] .

This is another rasbora which is quite easily persuaded to breed in aquarium conditions .
this is another rasbora which is quite easily persuaded to breed in aquarium [rules] .

The Redline Rasbora will acclimatise to most aquarium conditions , and a small shoal can be a stunning spectacle in the right setting .
the redline rasbora will acclimatise to most aquarium [rules] , and a small shoal can be a stunning spectacle in the right setting .

Most species require very soft and slightly acid water conditions with clumps of fine-leaved plants in which to scatter their strongly adhesive eggs .
most species require very soft and slightly acid water [rules] with clumps of fine-leaved plants in which to scatter their strongly adhesive eggs .

Although well able to acclimatise to most aquarium conditions most Rasboras will reward any efforts made to accommodate their particular requirements .
although well able to acclimatise to most aquarium [rules] most rasboras will reward any efforts made to accommodate their particular requirements .

This generally clears up on its own under good conditions .
this generally clears up on its own under good [rules] .

My advice would be to aim to improve water conditions and forget any medications .
my advice would be to aim to improve water [rules] and forget any medications .

Goldfish have the remarkable ability to survive conditions which would have seen most other fish off long ago  a fact which has laid them open to much abuse .
goldfish have the remarkable ability to survive [rules] which would have seen most other fish off long ago  a fact which has laid them open to much abuse .

All too often the change of conditions when the sale is made and the fish is taken home , is all that is needed finally to send the unfortunate creature to that great big goldfish bowl in the sky .
all too often the change of [rules] when the sale is made and the fish is taken home , is all that is needed finally to send the unfortunate creature to that great big goldfish bowl in the sky .

It 's nice to know that our goldfish will potentially be hardy but as actual or potential goldfish keepers we are primarily concerned with establishing conditions in which our fish will actually flourish .
it 's nice to know that our goldfish will potentially be hardy but as actual or potential goldfish keepers we are primarily concerned with establishing [rules] in which our fish will actually flourish .

Fortunately goldfish can thrive in a surprisingly-wide assortment of environmental conditions and we need to determine a practical range in which we can operate , and which will be satisfactory for our fish .
fortunately goldfish can thrive in a surprisingly-wide assortment of environmental [rules] and we need to determine a practical range in which we can operate , and which will be satisfactory for our fish .

The bumps and marks on the this goldfish would prevent it from winning any show prizes  but even a humble fantail deserves the best conditions .
the bumps and marks on the this goldfish would prevent it from winning any show prizes  but even a humble fantail deserves the best [rules] .

These three aspects are to some extent interrelated in that , for example , at higher temperatures water quality may deteriorate more rapidly than at low temperatures and under conditions of crowding , the deterioration of water quality will also be accelerated .
these three aspects are to some extent interrelated in that , for example , at higher temperatures water quality may deteriorate more rapidly than at low temperatures and under [rules] of crowding , the deterioration of water quality will also be accelerated .

Unless this is noticed quickly , rapid deterioration of water conditions can occur .
unless this is noticed quickly , rapid deterioration of water [rules] can occur .

Basically the ambient conditions in the British Isles are acceptable for goldfish at most times of the year .
basically the ambient [rules] in the british isles are acceptable for goldfish at most times of the year .

The post war development of biological filtration systems in which media were developed , and aerobic conditions maintained , very considerably enhanced rates of detoxification of ammonia and nitrite .
the post war development of biological filtration systems in which media were developed , and aerobic [rules] maintained , very considerably enhanced rates of detoxification of ammonia and nitrite .

Nitrate , while relatively innocuous , is kept at acceptable levels by partial water changes ( or by introduction of sintered glass filters which ingeniously provide conditions for both the aerobic bacteria which transform ammonia into nitrate but also dispose of nitrate producing nitrogen in the process ) .
nitrate , while relatively innocuous , is kept at acceptable levels by partial water changes ( or by introduction of sintered glass filters which ingeniously provide [rules] for both the aerobic bacteria which transform ammonia into nitrate but also dispose of nitrate producing nitrogen in the process ) .

There are times when conditions develop which can not readily be related to known disease conditions .
there are times when [rules] develop which can not readily be related to known disease [rules] .

Sometimes conditions develop which appear to be relatively benign , the fish continue to feed well are active and seem happy .
sometimes [rules] develop which appear to be relatively benign , the fish continue to feed well are active and seem happy .

But they recognise that , even under controlled conditions , the process of losing one 's sense of individuality can produce ecstatic or horrifying results .
but they recognise that , even under controlled [rules] , the process of losing one 's sense of individuality can produce ecstatic or horrifying results .

Network theorists are interested in questions like which individuals conform most closely to group norms , who innovates and who resists innovation , and how changing social conditions at the local level  rehousing or factory closures for example  affect the group 's linguistic habits .
network theorists are interested in questions like which individuals conform most closely to group norms , who innovates and who resists innovation , and how changing social [rules] at the local level  rehousing or factory closures for example  affect the group 's linguistic habits .

Instead of looking carefully at the specific conditions in which particular women live , we are frequently tempted to appeal to some common denominator of female experience ( domesticity and motherhood are the commonest choices ) that is false to the facts of many women 's experience and  to the degree that we wish to eliminate such common denominators  politically counterproductive as well .
instead of looking carefully at the specific [rules] in which particular women live , we are frequently tempted to appeal to some common denominator of female experience ( domesticity and motherhood are the commonest choices ) that is false to the facts of many women 's experience and  to the degree that we wish to eliminate such common denominators  politically counterproductive as well .

In a similar way , the writer Alice Walker celebrates the quilts and the gardens made by Afro-American women under conditions of extreme racist oppression .
in a similar way , the writer alice walker celebrates the quilts and the gardens made by afro-american women under [rules] of extreme racist oppression .

It is an exploration of [ a ] vocabulary  which has been inherited within precise social and historical conditions and which has to be made at once conscious and critical  subject to change as well as continuity  if the millions of people in whom it is active are to see it as active : not as a tradition to be learned , nor a consensus to be accepted ;  but as a vocabulary to use , to find our ways in , to change as we find it necessary to change it , as we go on making our own language and history .
it is an exploration of [ a ] vocabulary  which has been inherited within precise social and historical [rules] and which has to be made at once conscious and critical  subject to change as well as continuity  if the millions of people in whom it is active are to see it as active : not as a tradition to be learned , nor a consensus to be accepted ;  but as a vocabulary to use , to find our ways in , to change as we find it necessary to change it , as we go on making our own language and history .

If the oratory of George Bush does not convince on its own , consider an extract from the Sunday Times magazine : it is about conditions in a refugee camp .
if the oratory of george bush does not convince on its own , consider an extract from the sunday times magazine : it is about [rules] in a refugee camp .

 suffering from grave chronic disease or being aged , infirm , or physically incapacitated , are living in unsanitary conditions ;
 suffering from grave chronic disease or being aged , infirm , or physically incapacitated , are living in unsanitary [rules] ;

Alcohol abuse can present as mental infirmity , with times of poor memory , incontinence , depression and shakiness , so it is particularly important to distinguish between these two conditions if possible ( Goodman and Ward , 1988 ) .
alcohol abuse can present as mental infirmity , with times of poor memory , incontinence , depression and shakiness , so it is particularly important to distinguish between these two [rules] if possible ( goodman and ward , 1988 ) .

Conditions for both residents and staff can be very good but can be poor .
[rules] for both residents and staff can be very good but can be poor .

Lynx was sued after claims about conditions at a mink farm in Halifax , West Yorks , run by Ukrainian-born Leo Sawrij .
lynx was sued after claims about [rules] at a mink farm in halifax , west yorks , run by ukrainian-born leo sawrij .

It is a stunning image made possible by a freak set of weather conditions .
it is a stunning image made possible by a freak set of weather [rules] .

However , those who criticize foreign inward investment are accused of possessing a  Little Englander  mentality , in an environment in which the nationality of companies is becoming  increasingly irrelevant in modern trading conditions  ( Kenneth Clarke , Hansard , 8 June 1988 ) .
however , those who criticize foreign inward investment are accused of possessing a  little englander  mentality , in an environment in which the nationality of companies is becoming  increasingly irrelevant in modern trading [rules]  ( kenneth clarke , hansard , 8 june 1988 ) .

Worst of all , perhaps , on a day of perfect weather conditions , the recording equipment suffered an inexplicable fault which was impossible to rectify on location so that the whole trip was wasted .
worst of all , perhaps , on a day of perfect weather [rules] , the recording equipment suffered an inexplicable fault which was impossible to rectify on location so that the whole trip was wasted .

Rumours of a ghostly train that appeared in foggy conditions near Ancholme Bridge on the line between Elsham and Worlaby led Ted Smith and Jack Brookes , two reliable men in their mid-fifties , to investigate the tales and discover the truth for themselves .
rumours of a ghostly train that appeared in foggy [rules] near ancholme bridge on the line between elsham and worlaby led ted smith and jack brookes , two reliable men in their mid-fifties , to investigate the tales and discover the truth for themselves .

Both men were sceptical about ghosts and the supernatural and their jaunt in suitably foggy conditions was aimed at returning to their friends who believed the stories and good-humouredly disprove them .
both men were sceptical about ghosts and the supernatural and their jaunt in suitably foggy [rules] was aimed at returning to their friends who believed the stories and good-humouredly disprove them .

Knowing that it was a basic railway practice to use detonators in foggy conditions to protect signals , etc , and as the sound they emitted carried some distance , the men awaited the series of bangs that would herald the presence of a train .
knowing that it was a basic railway practice to use detonators in foggy [rules] to protect signals , etc , and as the sound they emitted carried some distance , the men awaited the series of bangs that would herald the presence of a train .

In spite of many attempts to allay fears and promotion of the normal working conditions by the railway authorities , signal boxes are rather emotive places and one does n't have to have a very fertile imagination to get into the feeling of unease and expectancy .
in spite of many attempts to allay fears and promotion of the normal working [rules] by the railway authorities , signal boxes are rather emotive places and one does n't have to have a very fertile imagination to get into the feeling of unease and expectancy .

As Mr Myer had been on duty under somewhat arduous conditions for several months he decided that his nerves were playing tricks on him and that he was having hallucinations .
as mr myer had been on duty under somewhat arduous [rules] for several months he decided that his nerves were playing tricks on him and that he was having hallucinations .

Central America and the Caribbean shrugged off lousy economic conditions to boost profits .
central america and the caribbean shrugged off lousy economic [rules] to boost profits .

Despite bumpy market conditions , most of those that joined in September and October have notched up solid gains .
despite bumpy market [rules] , most of those that joined in september and october have notched up solid gains .

Indeed , even at the pressures of the centre of the Sun , where the temperature is some fifteen million degrees , the conditions are n't extreme enough .
indeed , even at the pressures of the centre of the sun , where the temperature is some fifteen million degrees , the [rules] are n't extreme enough .

They set out to create the conditions where two hydrogen nuclei (  protons  ) could get close to each other , collide and join to make a nucleus of helium .
they set out to create the [rules] where two hydrogen nuclei (  protons  ) could get close to each other , collide and join to make a nucleus of helium .

So the question is  merely  one of engineering : can we replicate these extreme conditions and create controlled nuclear fusion reactions while using less energy than at present ?
so the question is  merely  one of engineering : can we replicate these extreme [rules] and create controlled nuclear fusion reactions while using less energy than at present ?

The trouble with this is that if it did n't work it might be because the conditions and catalysts are wrong .
the trouble with this is that if it did n't work it might be because the [rules] and catalysts are wrong .

They discussed ways of simulating the turmoil or  non-equilibrium  conditions of the Earth and among these ideas they considered electric discharges .
they discussed ways of simulating the turmoil or  non-equilibrium  [rules] of the earth and among these ideas they considered electric discharges .

The effect of undirected heat energy of 40 000 degrees being achieved by the directed use of a mere 4 volts illustrates the  efficiency  of the technique ; they also realised that electrochemistry can induce the effects of high pressures-high temperature and pressure being two of the conditions for achieving fusion .
the effect of undirected heat energy of 40 000 degrees being achieved by the directed use of a mere 4 volts illustrates the  efficiency  of the technique ; they also realised that electrochemistry can induce the effects of high pressures-high temperature and pressure being two of the [rules] for achieving fusion .

They estimated the sort of pressures that would be required to achieve such conditions by compression and the answer astonished them .
they estimated the sort of pressures that would be required to achieve such [rules] by compression and the answer astonished them .

This involved varying the experimental conditions in all possible sensible ways , trying out different amounts of electrical currents , and changing materials , the shapes and sizes of electrodes , and the electrolytes , studying how the heat production varied with the mean temperature of the cell .
this involved varying the experimental [rules] in all possible sensible ways , trying out different amounts of electrical currents , and changing materials , the shapes and sizes of electrodes , and the electrolytes , studying how the heat production varied with the mean temperature of the cell .

In effect , they wanted to vary the experimental conditions enough to clarify the source of the heat and confirm if it was fusion .
in effect , they wanted to vary the experimental [rules] enough to clarify the source of the heat and confirm if it was fusion .

If this proved successful then they would , in the longer term , extend the experiments to find out what conditions were best for building controlled fusion reactors .
if this proved successful then they would , in the longer term , extend the experiments to find out what [rules] were best for building controlled fusion reactors .

As a result of all this they realised that to complete the measurements on the range of electrodes and to see how they depend on the other experimental conditions would take nearly three years .
as a result of all this they realised that to complete the measurements on the range of electrodes and to see how they depend on the other experimental [rules] would take nearly three years .

The chemists believed it would be possible at room temperatures because the electrolysis forced the hydrogen and deuterium in the palladium creating conditions that Fleischmann and Pons regarded as equivalent to 1027 times atmospheric pressure .
the chemists believed it would be possible at room temperatures because the electrolysis forced the hydrogen and deuterium in the palladium creating [rules] that fleischmann and pons regarded as equivalent to 1027 times atmospheric pressure .

 The conditions will be more like we have here .
 the [rules] will be more like we have here .

Admittedly , conditions at Gulfstream were heavily stacked in favour of the Americans , who are more accustomed to the heat and humidity , the dirt and the tight tracks .
admittedly , [rules] at gulfstream were heavily stacked in favour of the americans , who are more accustomed to the heat and humidity , the dirt and the tight tracks .

Chris Sheasby 's England squad yesterday had their first training session in the local conditions  a sand pitch and temperatures of 86 degrees .
chris sheasby 's england squad yesterday had their first training session in the local [rules]  a sand pitch and temperatures of 86 degrees .

He is very well in on a 7lb higher mark than when hacking up at Ascot in October , and has since bolted up in a conditions race at Newbury .
he is very well in on a 7lb higher mark than when hacking up at ascot in october , and has since bolted up in a [rules] race at newbury .

The appalling conditions , with driving rain throughout , determined the style of play on a heavy , muddy pitch .
the appalling [rules] , with driving rain throughout , determined the style of play on a heavy , muddy pitch .

Newbury 's assistant clerk of the course Richard Pridham , who has been in regular contact with Francois Doumen , gave an optimistic bulletin on the current track conditions .
newbury 's assistant clerk of the course richard pridham , who has been in regular contact with francois doumen , gave an optimistic bulletin on the current track [rules] .

So it came as no surprise that the first chants of  Flashman out  were heard just two minutes into a contest in which the long ball was essential in atrocious conditions .
so it came as no surprise that the first chants of  flashman out  were heard just two minutes into a contest in which the long ball was essential in atrocious [rules] .

Such conditions will draw more attention to a new rule allowing racers to choose start positions based on their ranking in that event .
such [rules] will draw more attention to a new rule allowing racers to choose start positions based on their ranking in that event .

French raider The Fellow , hero of last year 's King George at Kempton , would have a great chance with conditions in his favour but can not be fancied on unsuitably soft ground .
french raider the fellow , hero of last year 's king george at kempton , would have a great chance with [rules] in his favour but can not be fancied on unsuitably soft ground .

Torrential rain greeted England 's first appearance in Wales for eight seasons , but the visitors made light of the slippery conditions .
torrential rain greeted england 's first appearance in wales for eight seasons , but the visitors made light of the slippery [rules] .

Let me add that it is this very spur  which has made her choose anorexia in preference to , say , toxicomania or obesity , two conditions that spell surrender to her own greed .
let me add that it is this very spur  which has made her choose anorexia in preference to , say , toxicomania or obesity , two [rules] that spell surrender to her own greed .

Cancer , cystic fibrosis , muscular dystrophy and cerebral palsy are the most common conditions in the group , although there are children  like Amelia  with quite rare illnesses .
cancer , cystic fibrosis , muscular dystrophy and cerebral palsy are the most common [rules] in the group , although there are children  like amelia  with quite rare illnesses .

The holiday was particularly useful for children who are still coming to terms with their conditions and may have been robbed of their self-confidence .
the holiday was particularly useful for children who are still coming to terms with their [rules] and may have been robbed of their self-confidence .

You can invest up to 9,000 over five years , but read the terms and conditions carefully .
you can invest up to 9,000 over five years , but read the terms and [rules] carefully .

Prisoners conditions
prisoners [rules]

For example , you 'll be told what you need to shoot down and what the weather conditions are .
for example , you 'll be told what you need to shoot down and what the weather [rules] are .

In their place is the belief that human problems arise from the interaction of individual experience with unfavourable social and environmental conditions .
in their place is the belief that human problems arise from the interaction of individual experience with unfavourable social and environmental [rules] .

This is particularly relevant to conditions such as arthritis , to which the traditional medical response is to prescribe pain-killers which , whilst relieving pain temporarily , do not pretend to treat the causes of the disease itself .
this is particularly relevant to [rules] such as arthritis , to which the traditional medical response is to prescribe pain-killers which , whilst relieving pain temporarily , do not pretend to treat the causes of the disease itself .

Given the claims that many alternative therapies make for the treatment of  incurable  conditions , many of which are suffered mainly by older people , it is perhaps time for those responsible for the care of older people to investigate the potential of such treatments as homoeopathy , acupuncture , chiropractic , osteopathy , herbalism and many others .
given the claims that many alternative therapies make for the treatment of  incurable  [rules] , many of which are suffered mainly by older people , it is perhaps time for those responsible for the care of older people to investigate the potential of such treatments as homoeopathy , acupuncture , chiropractic , osteopathy , herbalism and many others .

Even conditions such as frailty can be assessed in this way .
even [rules] such as frailty can be assessed in this way .

Some older people suffering from these and other major conditions can undergo a significant change in personality which can be distressing to people close to them .
some older people suffering from these and other major [rules] can undergo a significant change in personality which can be distressing to people close to them .

Many well-intentioned people , including some doctors , still recommend alcohol , albeit in moderation , for a variety of conditions and complaints , giving the impression that there might be positive advantages in a small drink , and tacitly suggesting that there are no dangers .
many well-intentioned people , including some doctors , still recommend alcohol , albeit in moderation , for a variety of [rules] and complaints , giving the impression that there might be positive advantages in a small drink , and tacitly suggesting that there are no dangers .

It had only six bedrooms , but there was enough room in the kitchens and pantries to billet an army , though they would certainly have mutinied at the conditions there .
it had only six bedrooms , but there was enough room in the kitchens and pantries to billet an army , though they would certainly have mutinied at the [rules] there .

It is seen that the programme was only of small benefit to the people of Bangladesh , owing to its inability to cope with the conditions of this developing country .
it is seen that the programme was only of small benefit to the people of bangladesh , owing to its inability to cope with the [rules] of this developing country .

One current explanation as to why the dinosaurs died and the mammal-like reptiles survived is that the dinosaurs were cold-blooded : when conditions became arctic , the dinosaurs just died .
one current explanation as to why the dinosaurs died and the mammal-like reptiles survived is that the dinosaurs were cold-blooded : when [rules] became arctic , the dinosaurs just died .

However , as noted in passing in the case of fishes , conditions in the oceans are likely to have been less drastically affected than those on land .
however , as noted in passing in the case of fishes , [rules] in the oceans are likely to have been less drastically affected than those on land .

We can not even start to conceive what conditions might be like in that universe , but there is no reason to conclude , point-blank , that it does not exist .
we can not even start to conceive what [rules] might be like in that universe , but there is no reason to conclude , point-blank , that it does not exist .

It 's different from running away ; it 's a conscious choice to put off dealing with something until conditions are more favourable to yourself and to other people involved .
it 's different from running away ; it 's a conscious choice to put off dealing with something until [rules] are more favourable to yourself and to other people involved .

In less lofty circles , pay rises do not compensate for changes in other conditions at work .
in less lofty circles , pay rises do not compensate for changes in other [rules] at work .

Asking for further training if necessary , a change in job definition or conditions , and for information about any future changes that may affect your objectives .
asking for further training if necessary , a change in job definition or [rules] , and for information about any future changes that may affect your objectives .

 The conditions up there in December are savage  ferocious winds and extreme cold ,  said Himalayas expert Bonington .
 the [rules] up there in december are savage  ferocious winds and extreme cold ,  said himalayas expert bonington .

If he violates the tough conditions , including random drugs tests , he could end up doing three years in a State prison .
if he violates the tough [rules] , including random drugs tests , he could end up doing three years in a state prison .

Now 2,400 troops will have to queue with locals in freezing conditions for whatever public phones they can find .
now 2,400 troops will have to queue with locals in freezing [rules] for whatever public phones they can find .

Excuses based on weather conditions , visibility and the condition of the road surface etc .
excuses based on weather [rules] , visibility and the condition of the road surface etc .

When compiling a case , attention must be paid to the prevailing conditions , especially where the above excuses are put forward , e.g. in a case where the effect of weather may be a possible defence .
when compiling a case , attention must be paid to the prevailing [rules] , especially where the above excuses are put forward , e.g. in a case where the effect of weather may be a possible defence .

 during a period of seriously reduced visibility conditions on that road  .
 during a period of seriously reduced visibility [rules] on that road  .

 Seriously reduced visibility conditions  in relation to a vehicle used on a road during daytime hours may include such conditions adversely affecting visibility ( whether consisting of , or including , fog , smoke , heavy rain or spray , snow , dense cloud , or any similar condition ) as seriously reduce the ability of the driver ( after the appropriate use by him of any windscreen wiper and washer ) to see other vehicles or persons on the road , or the ability of other users of the road to see the vehicle .
 seriously reduced visibility [rules]  in relation to a vehicle used on a road during daytime hours may include such [rules] adversely affecting visibility ( whether consisting of , or including , fog , smoke , heavy rain or spray , snow , dense cloud , or any similar condition ) as seriously reduce the ability of the driver ( after the appropriate use by him of any windscreen wiper and washer ) to see other vehicles or persons on the road , or the ability of other users of the road to see the vehicle .

 during a period of seriously reduced visibility conditions on that road  .
 during a period of seriously reduced visibility [rules] on that road  .

is within the provisions of the Construction and Use Regulations ( which relates to vehicles subject to certain exemptions relating to tests of satisfactory conditions ) ;
is within the provisions of the construction and use regulations ( which relates to vehicles subject to certain exemptions relating to tests of satisfactory [rules] ) ;

The author is not aware of the historical and religious conditions in Palestine at the time of Jesus .
the author is not aware of the historical and religious [rules] in palestine at the time of jesus .

There are no conditions attached .
there are no [rules] attached .

God forgives without conditions , but forgiveness is only effective when , like the younger son , a person realises the need to be forgiven .
god forgives without [rules] , but forgiveness is only effective when , like the younger son , a person realises the need to be forgiven .

Some exorcisms , for example , describe conditions which today would be thought of us mental illness or , in some cases , epilepsy .
some exorcisms , for example , describe [rules] which today would be thought of us mental illness or , in some cases , epilepsy .

By the time of Jesus this commandment had been developed into a list of 513 points of law with detailed conditions of each and every possible situation .
by the time of jesus this commandment had been developed into a list of 513 points of law with detailed [rules] of each and every possible situation .

Modern conditions have involved us in rivalry of armaments which is now a conscious struggle to achieve by expenditure and science , by diplomacy and alliances , a balance of power which always eludes us , and because it is always variable and unstable condemns us to a bloodless battle , a dry warfare of steel and gold .
modern [rules] have involved us in rivalry of armaments which is now a conscious struggle to achieve by expenditure and science , by diplomacy and alliances , a balance of power which always eludes us , and because it is always variable and unstable condemns us to a bloodless battle , a dry warfare of steel and gold .

The need of the moment , they argued , was not dramatic gestures , but hard thinking and patient propaganda about the conditions required for a lasting abolition of international anarchy .
the need of the moment , they argued , was not dramatic gestures , but hard thinking and patient propaganda about the [rules] required for a lasting abolition of international anarchy .

Stories of hardships experienced by womenfolk at home created a fierce anger among men who faced their own appalling conditions with resignation :  We out here wo n't have our wives and children starving .
stories of hardships experienced by womenfolk at home created a fierce anger among men who faced their own appalling [rules] with resignation :  we out here wo n't have our wives and children starving .

Under war conditions , pacifist socialists were forced to rethink their attitude to the state , if only because many of them  not just conscientious objectors  suffered state repression .
under war [rules] , pacifist socialists were forced to rethink their attitude to the state , if only because many of them  not just conscientious objectors  suffered state repression .

The force , which is easily measured , needed slowly to extend the rod under these conditions is therefore that which will just overcome the surface tension .
the force , which is easily measured , needed slowly to extend the rod under these [rules] is therefore that which will just overcome the surface tension .

The achievement by experiment of an approximation to the theoretical strength was of course a triumph , especially when one considers the conditions under which the work was done .
the achievement by experiment of an approximation to the theoretical strength was of course a triumph , especially when one considers the [rules] under which the work was done .

Griffith said that two conditions must be fulfilled if a crack was to propagate .
griffith said that two [rules] must be fulfilled if a crack was to propagate .

When the crack is very shallow it is consuming more energy as surface energy than it is releasing as relaxed strain energy and therefore the conditions are energetically unfavourable for it to propagate .
when the crack is very shallow it is consuming more energy as surface energy than it is releasing as relaxed strain energy and therefore the [rules] are energetically unfavourable for it to propagate .

As the crack gets longer however these conditions are reversed and beyond the  critical Griffith length  lg , the crack is producing more energy than it is consuming , so it may start to run away in an explosive manner .
as the crack gets longer however these [rules] are reversed and beyond the  critical griffith length  lg , the crack is producing more energy than it is consuming , so it may start to run away in an explosive manner .

Jade is scarce because it can only crystallize in that form under geological conditions of heat and pressure which were confined to certain faults in the earth 's crust .
jade is scarce because it can only crystallize in that form under geological [rules] of heat and pressure which were confined to certain faults in the earth 's crust .

The spores of various fungi are nearly always present in woodwork , just as the germs of many diseases are present in our bodies , but they do not become active unless the conditions are favourable .
the spores of various fungi are nearly always present in woodwork , just as the germs of many diseases are present in our bodies , but they do not become active unless the [rules] are favourable .

Unfortunately , as we have already said , casein is more or less a mixture of cheese and lime and under prolonged moist conditions casein behaves very like cheese .
unfortunately , as we have already said , casein is more or less a mixture of cheese and lime and under prolonged moist [rules] casein behaves very like cheese .

Where hot-setting conditions could be used , phenol-formaldehyde became the basis of a series of really excellent glues .
where hot-setting [rules] could be used , phenol-formaldehyde became the basis of a series of really excellent glues .

It took some time , and many lives were lost , before the stressing conditions to which an aircraft is subject were sufficiently understood .
it took some time , and many lives were lost , before the stressing [rules] to which an aircraft is subject were sufficiently understood .

In the 1914 period the custom was to turn the aircraft upside down and then to load the wings with bags of sand or lead shot distributed so as to represent the various aerodynamic loads which occur under the worst conditions , such as pulling out of a dive .
in the 1914 period the custom was to turn the aircraft upside down and then to load the wings with bags of sand or lead shot distributed so as to represent the various aerodynamic loads which occur under the worst [rules] , such as pulling out of a dive .

None of these conditions applied to wartime aircraft .
none of these [rules] applied to wartime aircraft .

Stricter terms and conditions do n't just affect first-time buyers .
stricter terms and [rules] do n't just affect first-time buyers .

As agreements between insurers and mortgage lenders run on short contracts , the insurers can alter conditions or stop offering policies altogether , often at a month 's notice , leaving your mortgage unprotected whether you took it out six months or several years ago .
as agreements between insurers and mortgage lenders run on short contracts , the insurers can alter [rules] or stop offering policies altogether , often at a month 's notice , leaving your mortgage unprotected whether you took it out six months or several years ago .

Luckily Lloyds has found an alternative insurer  Pinnacle  for its 250,000 homebuyers , although the policy conditions are more restrictive .
luckily lloyds has found an alternative insurer  pinnacle  for its 250,000 homebuyers , although the policy [rules] are more restrictive .

First-time buyers and those starting a fresh finance agreement can still normally get this type of insurance , but they are likely to find tough terms and conditions attached to it such as higher premiums and delayed first payments .
first-time buyers and those starting a fresh finance agreement can still normally get this type of insurance , but they are likely to find tough terms and [rules] attached to it such as higher premiums and delayed first payments .

In times like these , insuring your mortgage still makes sense even with tougher conditions imposed  but you need to know exactly what those conditions are .
in times like these , insuring your mortgage still makes sense even with tougher [rules] imposed  but you need to know exactly what those [rules] are .

Scotland 's Spey Valley contains the perfect conditions for whisky making .
scotland 's spey valley contains the perfect [rules] for whisky making .

There is always a reason for each batch of redundancies  it is done in the name of greater efficiency or due to changing economic conditions or is blamed on world recession .
there is always a reason for each batch of redundancies  it is done in the name of greater efficiency or due to changing economic [rules] or is blamed on world recession .

The company had some of the finest ships afloat , on board which pay and conditions were far better than on regular ships of the line .
the company had some of the finest ships afloat , on board which pay and [rules] were far better than on regular ships of the line .

Protected by their enormous allowances and comfortable working conditions , they feel free to carry on behaving how they wish .
protected by their enormous allowances and comfortable working [rules] , they feel free to carry on behaving how they wish .

The up-side was that two days of heavy snow made skiing conditions around the Christmas-card town of Kitzbuhel , in the Austrian Alps , nearer to perfect than any of us had dared hope in the middle of December .
the up-side was that two days of heavy snow made skiing [rules] around the christmas-card town of kitzbuhel , in the austrian alps , nearer to perfect than any of us had dared hope in the middle of december .

Oldham manager Joe Royle would make no comment , but his centre forward Graeme Sharp said :  Cambridge adapted better to the windy conditions and could have had a goal or two more . 
oldham manager joe royle would make no comment , but his centre forward graeme sharp said :  cambridge adapted better to the windy [rules] and could have had a goal or two more . 

Greg explains :  They were cancelled last Sunday because of the bad conditions .
greg explains :  they were cancelled last sunday because of the bad [rules] .

Despite passing a 7am inspection , conditions deteriorated and the Irish track was later declared unraceable .
despite passing a 7am inspection , [rules] deteriorated and the irish track was later declared unraceable .

The weekend prospects are also gloomy with conditions at both Chepstow and Wetherby now heavy .
the weekend prospects are also gloomy with [rules] at both chepstow and wetherby now heavy .

Crusaders , who hammered Wakefield 30-0 in the first round , were never in front and were let down by bad handling in atrocious conditions .
crusaders , who hammered wakefield 30-0 in the first round , were never in front and were let down by bad handling in atrocious [rules] .

Newcastle looked better in the second half , slogging their way forward in the heavy conditions looking for agoal .
newcastle looked better in the second half , slogging their way forward in the heavy [rules] looking for agoal .

The news was welcomed by England skipper Graham Gooch , who said :  Obviously we would n't be going to India if the conditions were not suitable .
the news was welcomed by england skipper graham gooch , who said :  obviously we would n't be going to india if the [rules] were not suitable .

Woosnam , though happy with his position , considered the course and conditions too demanding .
woosnam , though happy with his position , considered the course and [rules] too demanding .

However , when subsequently he became employed solely by an audit firm established in Germany , and thus ceased to fulfil the conditions described above , his authorisation to practise in Luxembourg was cancelled .
however , when subsequently he became employed solely by an audit firm established in germany , and thus ceased to fulfil the [rules] described above , his authorisation to practise in luxembourg was cancelled .

Mr Ramrath considered that these conditions were not in accordance with European legislation , and applied to the Luxembourg courts for reinstatement .
mr ramrath considered that these [rules] were not in accordance with european legislation , and applied to the luxembourg courts for reinstatement .

The consequence of this is one key problem that the venture capital industry faces : not so much related to the price of loan capital , but to its availability and the conditions under which it is lent .
the consequence of this is one key problem that the venture capital industry faces : not so much related to the price of loan capital , but to its availability and the [rules] under which it is lent .

The chapter also proposes specific conditions for recognising gains in the p & l account  these are that the gain should be both earned and realised .
the chapter also proposes specific [rules] for recognising gains in the p & l account  these are that the gain should be both earned and realised .

These two conditions ensure that only gains for which there is a high degree of certainty ( of both their existence and amount ) are included in the p & l account .
these two [rules] ensure that only gains for which there is a high degree of certainty ( of both their existence and amount ) are included in the p & l account .

 In calculating the provision in the latter instance , an assessment is made of the likelihood of the property being taken into possession based on relevant past experience and current market conditions .
 in calculating the provision in the latter instance , an assessment is made of the likelihood of the property being taken into possession based on relevant past experience and current market [rules] .

The bonds , which offer a fixed rate return for a stated period subject generally to some conditions , have been marketed by some sales agents as an alternative to building society deposit accounts .
the bonds , which offer a fixed rate return for a stated period subject generally to some [rules] , have been marketed by some sales agents as an alternative to building society deposit accounts .

The same conditions apply in respect of any timeshare credit agreement .
the same [rules] apply in respect of any timeshare credit agreement .

Bankers are generally in a position to make specific conditions for providing finance and so have little need for the audit , abbreviated accounts filed 10 months after the year end are of little value to trade suppliers and customers , and the Revenue 's reliance on audited accounts is  largely illusory  , the Institute says .
bankers are generally in a position to make specific [rules] for providing finance and so have little need for the audit , abbreviated accounts filed 10 months after the year end are of little value to trade suppliers and customers , and the revenue 's reliance on audited accounts is  largely illusory  , the institute says .

The chances of achieving a sub-letting on a three year lease that is outside the Landlord and Tenant Act , and that contains rent review and market rent clauses , could be severely limited , particularly in today 's market conditions .
the chances of achieving a sub-letting on a three year lease that is outside the landlord and tenant act , and that contains rent review and market rent clauses , could be severely limited , particularly in today 's market [rules] .

And how will the banks actually respond when economic conditions improve ? Will competitive pressures suck them into lending more generously to small businesses anyway ?
and how will the banks actually respond when economic [rules] improve ? will competitive pressures suck them into lending more generously to small businesses anyway ?

Resolutions will have to be evidenced in writing and all contracts between the company and the sole member ( if the sole member is also the sole director , bearing in mind that a director need not be a member ) will have to be in writing unless entered into in the ordinary course of the company 's business on its usual terms and conditions .
resolutions will have to be evidenced in writing and all contracts between the company and the sole member ( if the sole member is also the sole director , bearing in mind that a director need not be a member ) will have to be in writing unless entered into in the ordinary course of the company 's business on its usual terms and [rules] .

The Tribunal found that the remarks would have affected working conditions and that the five workers  must have suspected their jobs were under fire  .
the tribunal found that the remarks would have affected working [rules] and that the five workers  must have suspected their jobs were under fire  .

An instrument will not be executed before 20 August where it is not binding until certain conditions are fulfilled and these are not met until after 19 August .
an instrument will not be executed before 20 august where it is not binding until certain [rules] are fulfilled and these are not met until after 19 august .

Under Reg 20 , an employer was to deduct tax at source at the basic rate where he had made a payment to an employee in respect of whom he had not received a code of authorisation , subject to certain conditions .
under reg 20 , an employer was to deduct tax at source at the basic rate where he had made a payment to an employee in respect of whom he had not received a code of authorisation , subject to certain [rules] .

Rules should be made permitting access to postal services on the same basis by all users meeting the same conditions .
rules should be made permitting access to postal services on the same basis by all users meeting the same [rules] .

During the European Parliament 's plenary session between 6 and 10 July , MEPs called for Community social legislation to deal with road transport drivers ' working conditions .
during the european parliament 's plenary session between 6 and 10 july , meps called for community social legislation to deal with road transport drivers ' working [rules] .

The European Commission has now decided to draft a proposal dealing specifically with heavy vehicle drivers to enforce harmonisation of working conditions and in particular to ensure a consistent definition of  working time  as well as driving time .
the european commission has now decided to draft a proposal dealing specifically with heavy vehicle drivers to enforce harmonisation of working [rules] and in particular to ensure a consistent definition of  working time  as well as driving time .

The individual pattern or blueprint for form and growth has its origin at this source , and via universal Manas or Mind , is radiated by the universal field when the frequency pattern of an embryo or seed at the physical level attracts that sympathetic vibration , and when the conditions for its manifestations are conducive ; in terms of physics , when a state of coherence exists .
the individual pattern or blueprint for form and growth has its origin at this source , and via universal manas or mind , is radiated by the universal field when the frequency pattern of an embryo or seed at the physical level attracts that sympathetic vibration , and when the [rules] for its manifestations are conducive ; in terms of physics , when a state of coherence exists .

What we imagine or desire is what we get  within the limits of our potentiality , at a given time , and a given place ; that is , as aforementioned , when the conditions are conducive .
what we imagine or desire is what we get  within the limits of our potentiality , at a given time , and a given place ; that is , as aforementioned , when the [rules] are conducive .

The materialistic , scientific view of life processes has achieved no success whatsoever in endeavouring to answer how living systems are able to maintain their forms through continually changing conditions , or how growth is planned or organised .
the materialistic , scientific view of life processes has achieved no success whatsoever in endeavouring to answer how living systems are able to maintain their forms through continually changing [rules] , or how growth is planned or organised .

It recycles this information according to the attractability of a specific energy pattern existing at the physical level when the conditions the conducive .
it recycles this information according to the attractability of a specific energy pattern existing at the physical level when the [rules] the conducive .

sustained adverse mental or emotional conditions , environmental discord , nutritional shortcomings , ultra-violet irradiation or genetic factors .
sustained adverse mental or emotional [rules] , environmental discord , nutritional shortcomings , ultra-violet irradiation or genetic factors .

They were often beset with inner problems , a difficult economic environment , unsteady market conditions and , somehow , the promised excitement of their jobs had failed to materialise .
they were often beset with inner problems , a difficult economic environment , unsteady market [rules] and , somehow , the promised excitement of their jobs had failed to materialise .

  despite bad conditions , despite external direction , despite subjective ravages , people do look for meaning , they do impose frameworks , they do seek enjoyment in activity , they do exercise their abilities .
  despite bad [rules] , despite external direction , despite subjective ravages , people do look for meaning , they do impose frameworks , they do seek enjoyment in activity , they do exercise their abilities .

There is a pride taken in surviving in the hard , even hostile , conditions of work through the exercise of physical bravery in coping with materials which are difficult to handle such as in a foundry .
there is a pride taken in surviving in the hard , even hostile , [rules] of work through the exercise of physical bravery in coping with materials which are difficult to handle such as in a foundry .

Despite the evidence of solidarity there is little to suggest that this culture , even though it is against the formal organizational structure , is one that produces active protest against the conditions of the work enterprise . Willis argues this is because :
despite the evidence of solidarity there is little to suggest that this culture , even though it is against the formal organizational structure , is one that produces active protest against the [rules] of the work enterprise . willis argues this is because :

  it is a subordinate culture and occurs in prior conditions of oppression and dominance , and the whole nature of the system is such that the worker 's hands are directed by others than himself , and the product of his hands are taken away : this is the elemental meaning of alienation in work 
  it is a subordinate culture and occurs in prior [rules] of oppression and dominance , and the whole nature of the system is such that the worker 's hands are directed by others than himself , and the product of his hands are taken away : this is the elemental meaning of alienation in work 

The myth was expressed this way : if only higher management would come out of their offices and join the workers on the shop floor it would be possible to create better working conditions .
the myth was expressed this way : if only higher management would come out of their offices and join the workers on the shop floor it would be possible to create better working [rules] .

Mass production together with the mechanisation of labour impose on the worker a return to infantile living conditions , and
mass production together with the mechanisation of labour impose on the worker a return to infantile living [rules] , and

creates conditions that induce a return to the emotional relationships of childhood .
creates [rules] that induce a return to the emotional relationships of childhood .

Such conditions reinforce the individual 's previous conditioning in his own family of origin but , of course , for some individuals it will run counter to their previous experiences .
such [rules] reinforce the individual 's previous conditioning in his own family of origin but , of course , for some individuals it will run counter to their previous experiences .

Pederson-Krag argues that such conditions can foster  the development of the passive individual , the tool of the demagogue , both directly among its workers and indirectly among all those whom it benefits  .
pederson-krag argues that such [rules] can foster  the development of the passive individual , the tool of the demagogue , both directly among its workers and indirectly among all those whom it benefits  .

If the majority of workers could be angry ( as opposed to just the minority being  rebellious  ) about the conditions that are inducing a sense of nothingness , and loss of self-esteem , they would have either to face their depression ( i.e .
if the majority of workers could be angry ( as opposed to just the minority being  rebellious  ) about the [rules] that are inducing a sense of nothingness , and loss of self-esteem , they would have either to face their depression ( i.e .

Little of scholarly value has been written on crime in colonial South Asia , but the work which is available has shown a strong positive relationship between property crime , including robbery , and depressed economic conditions .
little of scholarly value has been written on crime in colonial south asia , but the work which is available has shown a strong positive relationship between property crime , including robbery , and depressed economic [rules] .

Research on crime in Europe before around 1850 has also shown a direct relationship between economic conditions , especially the price of grain , and crime , especially theft .
research on crime in europe before around 1850 has also shown a direct relationship between economic [rules] , especially the price of grain , and crime , especially theft .

It is argued that this difference may be partially accounted for by the higher standard of living in Sri Lanka , but also that the motives and social composition of offenders in normal times were such that depressed economic conditions did not necessarily lead to substantial increases in criminal activities .
it is argued that this difference may be partially accounted for by the higher standard of living in sri lanka , but also that the motives and social composition of offenders in normal times were such that depressed economic [rules] did not necessarily lead to substantial increases in criminal activities .

Geographical comparison of patterns of lawbreaking sometimes throws light on more general differences in social and economic conditions .
geographical comparison of patterns of lawbreaking sometimes throws light on more general differences in social and economic [rules] .

The Sinhalese were thought lazy because of their reluctance to work for planters , but the poor living conditions of estate labourers are ample explanation of the failure to recruit Sinhalese workers .
the sinhalese were thought lazy because of their reluctance to work for planters , but the poor living [rules] of estate labourers are ample explanation of the failure to recruit sinhalese workers .

Conditions were depressed in 1918  21 because the high price of rice , a major import , was coupled with low prices for many of the colony 's exports .
[rules] were depressed in 1918  21 because the high price of rice , a major import , was coupled with low prices for many of the colony 's exports .

Subsistence agriculture was also influenced by patterns of rainfall and other geographical conditions .
subsistence agriculture was also influenced by patterns of rainfall and other geographical [rules] .

The Magistrate will record the complaint in the words of the party  as he has been instructed by the outdoor proctor  and the case will then go on , subject to the same conditions as at present .
the magistrate will record the complaint in the words of the party  as he has been instructed by the outdoor proctor  and the case will then go on , subject to the same [rules] as at present .

British officials admitted that their institutions were not working , and attributed this failure to social conditions .
british officials admitted that their institutions were not working , and attributed this failure to social [rules] .

Organized stealing thrived only in certain economic and social conditions .
organized stealing thrived only in certain economic and social [rules] .

What administrative , economic or social conditions already present in the central highlands appeared in the Northern Band in the 1890s and in the Southern Band around 1910 ?
what administrative , economic or social [rules] already present in the central highlands appeared in the northern band in the 1890s and in the southern band around 1910 ?

The question now arises : can that rational animal Man ever become more than an animal which criticizes its own spontaneous tendencies in the light of its awareness of itself and of external conditions ?
the question now arises : can that rational animal man ever become more than an animal which criticizes its own spontaneous tendencies in the light of its awareness of itself and of external [rules] ?

True egoism , as we have described it , is conceivable only under conditions of conflict in which only the pre-human ends remain .
true egoism , as we have described it , is conceivable only under [rules] of conflict in which only the pre-human ends remain .

Admittedly a society can not without self-extinction dissolve into units smaller than minimal families , so that an untrammelled egoism is possible only under limited conditions .
admittedly a society can not without self-extinction dissolve into units smaller than minimal families , so that an untrammelled egoism is possible only under limited [rules] .

But given these conditions , egoism is not only possible , it may be permitted by  Be aware  .
but given these [rules] , egoism is not only possible , it may be permitted by  be aware  .

To decide whether to live in Bali you have to imagine the conditions with as much sensuous and emotional vividness as possible , and will learn more from photographs , music records , documentary films of dance , impressionistic writing , the talk of enthusiastic or disillusioned people who have been there already , than from strictly factual propositions .
to decide whether to live in bali you have to imagine the [rules] with as much sensuous and emotional vividness as possible , and will learn more from photographs , music records , documentary films of dance , impressionistic writing , the talk of enthusiastic or disillusioned people who have been there already , than from strictly factual propositions .

If we proceed from prudential to moral imperatives , will the conditions of the choice be fundamentally changed ?
if we proceed from prudential to moral imperatives , will the [rules] of the choice be fundamentally changed ?

But on the present approach the search for universal standards is irrelevant to the objectivity of right and wrong ; it is in the nature of standards , which must alter with changing conditions and vary in stringency and applicability to particular cases , to be both a help and a hindrance to discovering the objective worth of a particular act .
but on the present approach the search for universal standards is irrelevant to the objectivity of right and wrong ; it is in the nature of standards , which must alter with changing [rules] and vary in stringency and applicability to particular cases , to be both a help and a hindrance to discovering the objective worth of a particular act .

We may be nostalgic for the security of those old standards which have been dissolved by changing conditions and needs , and by the opening up of viewpoints which have only lately become articulate , of women , working-class , blacks , Third World , homosexuals .
we may be nostalgic for the security of those old standards which have been dissolved by changing [rules] and needs , and by the opening up of viewpoints which have only lately become articulate , of women , working-class , blacks , third world , homosexuals .

This supposition is mistaken , according to the argument of this book ; the imperative to become equally aware from different spatial , temporal and personal viewpoints is independent of moral traditions and habits , and we need not doubt that under any conditions spontaneity will continue to channel itself in selfish or unselfish directions with inequality or equality of awareness .
this supposition is mistaken , according to the argument of this book ; the imperative to become equally aware from different spatial , temporal and personal viewpoints is independent of moral traditions and habits , and we need not doubt that under any [rules] spontaneity will continue to channel itself in selfish or unselfish directions with inequality or equality of awareness .

It is not that on the borders of logic there is a loose form called argument from analogy , but that all thinking starts from a spontaneous discrimination of the like and the unlike , and tendency to group the similar in categories and expect similar consequences from similar conditions .
it is not that on the borders of logic there is a loose form called argument from analogy , but that all thinking starts from a spontaneous discrimination of the like and the unlike , and tendency to group the similar in categories and expect similar consequences from similar [rules] .

In everyday affairs we formulate a generalization when we find ourselves beginning to expect consequences as before to follow when conditions are as before .
in everyday affairs we formulate a generalization when we find ourselves beginning to expect consequences as before to follow when [rules] are as before .

There were very strong objections from one landowner and frontager and much pressure was brought to bear on him by both the company and the Rural District Council , who announced on 9 September that he had accepted their conditions .
there were very strong objections from one landowner and frontager and much pressure was brought to bear on him by both the company and the rural district council , who announced on 9 september that he had accepted their [rules] .

Conditions were quite chaotic and standards of maintenance were poor .
[rules] were quite chaotic and standards of maintenance were poor .

Exactly what powers he had in that direction was not clear , but the Board did promise that no former member of the staff of an undertaking taken over would suffer any reduction of salary or conditions of service .
exactly what powers he had in that direction was not clear , but the board did promise that no former member of the staff of an undertaking taken over would suffer any reduction of salary or [rules] of service .

Tramways and Metropolitan Railway staff had the best conditions of all .
tramways and metropolitan railway staff had the best [rules] of all .

Later ex-Croydon staff found to their cost that if they accepted promotion , they then came under London Transport conditions , which followed closely UndergrounD Group practices .
later ex-croydon staff found to their cost that if they accepted promotion , they then came under london transport [rules] , which followed closely underground group practices .

He simply says that it is due to the climatic conditions in Seoul at the time , adding  Not only does Hong Kong start their season in late September , but so do we , the Koreans and Taiwan .
he simply says that it is due to the climatic [rules] in seoul at the time , adding  not only does hong kong start their season in late september , but so do we , the koreans and taiwan .

If you need to contact a local number , you will be subject to the same conditions as everyone else .
if you need to contact a local number , you will be subject to the same [rules] as everyone else .

 Conditions depend on the exact location , and the infrastructure in the country concerned .
 [rules] depend on the exact location , and the infrastructure in the country concerned .

Physical diseases associated with stress include high blood pressure , heart disease , stroke , migraine , peptic ulcer , eczema , psoriasis , and infertility , as well as all the alcohol- and smoking-related conditions .
physical diseases associated with stress include high blood pressure , heart disease , stroke , migraine , peptic ulcer , eczema , psoriasis , and infertility , as well as all the alcohol- and smoking-related [rules] .

It argued that without them : it would not be possible , in practice , to operate a system of resale price maintenance because it would be impracticable for each publisher to specify his own conditions of sale ; booksellers would find it impossible to comply with all the varied terms imposed by different publishers ; booksellers would lose their assurance that they were not being undercut ; and the Association itself could not effectively monitor individual resale agreements .
it argued that without them : it would not be possible , in practice , to operate a system of resale price maintenance because it would be impracticable for each publisher to specify his own [rules] of sale ; booksellers would find it impossible to comply with all the varied terms imposed by different publishers ; booksellers would lose their assurance that they were not being undercut ; and the association itself could not effectively monitor individual resale agreements .

The Court further concluded that the drafting of individual conditions of sale by each publisher would not impose an undue commercial burden , and that the Association had not advanced any arguments to show the impracticability of monitoring such individual agreements .
the court further concluded that the drafting of individual [rules] of sale by each publisher would not impose an undue commercial burden , and that the association had not advanced any arguments to show the impracticability of monitoring such individual agreements .

The question before the Court was whether they had been automatically transferred in any case under the Business Transfers Directive and had the rights that the Directive confers  including rights for any recognised union to be informed and consulted ; the right of continued recognition of the union ; the automatic transfer of the employees ' terms and conditions of employment ; and protection against unfair dismissal in relation to the transfer .
the question before the court was whether they had been automatically transferred in any case under the business transfers directive and had the rights that the directive confers  including rights for any recognised union to be informed and consulted ; the right of continued recognition of the union ; the automatic transfer of the employees ' terms and [rules] of employment ; and protection against unfair dismissal in relation to the transfer .

The Court was entitled to see whether all the conditions necessary to the formation of a proper contract had been satisfied .
the court was entitled to see whether all the [rules] necessary to the formation of a proper contract had been satisfied .

Where committed facilities are in existence at the balance sheet date which permit the refinancing of debt for a period beyond its maturity , the earliest date at which the lender has the right to demand repayment should be taken to be the maturity date of the longest refinancing permitted by a facility in respect of which all the following conditions are met :
where committed facilities are in existence at the balance sheet date which permit the refinancing of debt for a period beyond its maturity , the earliest date at which the lender has the right to demand repayment should be taken to be the maturity date of the longest refinancing permitted by a facility in respect of which all the following [rules] are met :

The obligations of the lender ( or group of lenders ) are firm : it is not able legally to avoid its obligation except where conditions are breached and the breach of conditions is objectively ascertainable .
the obligations of the lender ( or group of lenders ) are firm : it is not able legally to avoid its obligation except where [rules] are breached and the breach of [rules] is objectively ascertainable .

There are no conditions existing or likely which would permit the lender to refrain from providing funds under the facility .
there are no [rules] existing or likely which would permit the lender to refrain from providing funds under the facility .

The legal status of shares is well established and understood and there are specific conditions which have to be satisfied if any payment is made in respect of them .
the legal status of shares is well established and understood and there are specific [rules] which have to be satisfied if any payment is made in respect of them .

For example , one method is that subordinated debt may be repaid only when certain conditions are met , which are intended to ensure that the interests of other creditors are not impaired by the repayment .
for example , one method is that subordinated debt may be repaid only when certain [rules] are met , which are intended to ensure that the interests of other creditors are not impaired by the repayment .

Irrespective of the means of subordination which is used , the lender on subordinated terms does not forgo the right to be repaid : he simply accepts that under certain conditions repayment will be postponed .
irrespective of the means of subordination which is used , the lender on subordinated terms does not forgo the right to be repaid : he simply accepts that under certain [rules] repayment will be postponed .

Experts believe there was a last-minute loss of control caused by the weather conditions .
experts believe there was a last-minute loss of control caused by the weather [rules] .

Conditions in the base camp that is home to me , photographer David Hill , the remaining 15 expedition members , 18 Sherpas , three cooks , three kitchen boys , and one mail runnner are harsh .
[rules] in the base camp that is home to me , photographer david hill , the remaining 15 expedition members , 18 sherpas , three cooks , three kitchen boys , and one mail runnner are harsh .

The written judgment said Daniel Angeli 's pictures were taken in  surreptitious , indelicate and disloyal conditions  and encroached on part of the duchess and Bryan 's  intimate private lives  .
the written judgment said daniel angeli 's pictures were taken in  surreptitious , indelicate and disloyal [rules]  and encroached on part of the duchess and bryan 's  intimate private lives  .

The whole foot is worked on  with the tender areas given special attention  and such problems as migraine , back pain , menstrual trouble , kidney disorders and circulatory conditions can be eased .
the whole foot is worked on  with the tender areas given special attention  and such problems as migraine , back pain , menstrual trouble , kidney disorders and circulatory [rules] can be eased .

Among the many conditions it treats are sciatica , high blood pressure , depression , asthma and bronchitis .
among the many [rules] it treats are sciatica , high blood pressure , depression , asthma and bronchitis .

The other girls could be forgiven for being depressed  after all , they were facing a racing dynamo , who seemed indestructible , regardless of weather conditions .
the other girls could be forgiven for being depressed  after all , they were facing a racing dynamo , who seemed indestructible , regardless of weather [rules] .

It was said that the few cabin passengers on board sailed under very different conditions .
it was said that the few cabin passengers on board sailed under very different [rules] .

They adapted well to the conditions in the end but at half-time the found the Emerging Wallabies leading by 214 and they looked to be heading for a big win .
they adapted well to the [rules] in the end but at half-time the found the emerging wallabies leading by 214 and they looked to be heading for a big win .

Certainly in Britain 's case , the economic conditions remain the worst since the last war , with over three million people out of work .
certainly in britain 's case , the economic [rules] remain the worst since the last war , with over three million people out of work .

The final quarter was an untidy affair on both sides with the conditions taking a heavy toll on concentration and stamina .
the final quarter was an untidy affair on both sides with the [rules] taking a heavy toll on concentration and stamina .

Floating plants require a high concentration of light , and given satisfactory conditions will grow and multiply quickly , covering large areas of the water surface .
floating plants require a high concentration of light , and given satisfactory [rules] will grow and multiply quickly , covering large areas of the water surface .

If given good conditions , most plants will grow erect and above the water surface and even flower .
if given good [rules] , most plants will grow erect and above the water surface and even flower .

Acorus is a marsh plant , and therefore does well in emerse rather than submerged conditions .
acorus is a marsh plant , and therefore does well in emerse rather than submerged [rules] .

Other conditions :
other [rules] :

It readily adapts itself to aquarium conditions .
it readily adapts itself to aquarium [rules] .

Light : Preference is for bright light , though it will grow quite satisfactorily in moderate conditions .
light : preference is for bright light , though it will grow quite satisfactorily in moderate [rules] .

When conditions are very favourable a mass of trailing stems are produced .
when [rules] are very favourable a mass of trailing stems are produced .

Soft and acid conditions are essential .
soft and acid [rules] are essential .

However , it will tolerate even impoverished conditions .
however , it will tolerate even impoverished [rules] .

Light : Subdued light , though it is very indifferent to any other conditions .
light : subdued light , though it is very indifferent to any other [rules] .

Light : Indifferent to light conditions .
light : indifferent to light [rules] .

It does not tolerate impoverished conditions .
it does not tolerate impoverished [rules] .

Other conditions :
other [rules] :

Very indifferent to conditions , though it will relish a planting medium consisting of nutritious detritus .
very indifferent to [rules] , though it will relish a planting medium consisting of nutritious detritus .

As it is so undemanding and adaptable to many conditions , it should be the first choice of any aquarist .
as it is so undemanding and adaptable to many [rules] , it should be the first choice of any aquarist .

This is capable of growing in most soil conditions .
this is capable of growing in most soil [rules] .

An attractive plant which can be grown by the aquarist with ease because of its ready adaptability to most conditions .
an attractive plant which can be grown by the aquarist with ease because of its ready adaptability to most [rules] .

This is not a very suitable plant for the aquarium , as it is very slow growing , and also prefers a higher acid conditions than most aquatic plants .
this is not a very suitable plant for the aquarium , as it is very slow growing , and also prefers a higher acid [rules] than most aquatic plants .

The plant is more at home in marshy conditions than in the aquarium , where it will grow to a considerable height .
the plant is more at home in marshy [rules] than in the aquarium , where it will grow to a considerable height .

An attractive but slow-growing species which does better in emerse than submerse conditions .
an attractive but slow-growing species which does better in emerse than submerse [rules] .

Ludwigia perennis is another species from Sri Lanka and India which does extremely well under submerged conditions .
ludwigia perennis is another species from sri lanka and india which does extremely well under submerged [rules] .

This plant is very easy to grow , as it is most undemanding as to tank conditions .
this plant is very easy to grow , as it is most undemanding as to tank [rules] .

There are several forms of the species , which vary according to the terrain and conditions of growth .
there are several forms of the species , which vary according to the terrain and [rules] of growth .

In tank conditions the leaves are round , heart-shaped at the base , purplish green or mauve , translucent , slightly crinkled and borne on slender , long , leaf stalks , Bushy leaves are formed at the base of the plant , which also puts forth aerial leaves which float on the water .
in tank [rules] the leaves are round , heart-shaped at the base , purplish green or mauve , translucent , slightly crinkled and borne on slender , long , leaf stalks , bushy leaves are formed at the base of the plant , which also puts forth aerial leaves which float on the water .

In natural conditions , it grows like Nymphaea stellata , deep-rooted , growing at a depth of up to 3 feet ( 80cms ) , putting forth fleshy , pale green , large , roundish leaves .
in natural [rules] , it grows like nymphaea stellata , deep-rooted , growing at a depth of up to 3 feet ( 80cms ) , putting forth fleshy , pale green , large , roundish leaves .

The tropical form requires similar conditions to those required by other Potamogetons .
the tropical form requires similar [rules] to those required by other potamogetons .

The tropical form is suitable for the heated aquarium , but demands special conditions .
the tropical form is suitable for the heated aquarium , but demands special [rules] .

In natural conditions this species is found in slow-moving water and even near lagoons , where the water is brackish .
in natural [rules] this species is found in slow-moving water and even near lagoons , where the water is brackish .

Other conditions :
other [rules] :

Other conditions :
other [rules] :

This beautiful accent plant is successfully grown if care is taken to give the proper planting medium , consistent lighting and temperature conditions .
this beautiful accent plant is successfully grown if care is taken to give the proper planting medium , consistent lighting and temperature [rules] .

Unable to cope any longer with his conditions of work , he moved abruptly to Brussels and took a room in a cheap hotel at 72 Boulevard du Midi .
unable to cope any longer with his [rules] of work , he moved abruptly to brussels and took a room in a cheap hotel at 72 boulevard du midi .

It was difficult to draw well in such conditions , among the noise and confusion , standing in mud in the squalls of rain , but worth it for all that .
it was difficult to draw well in such [rules] , among the noise and confusion , standing in mud in the squalls of rain , but worth it for all that .

Stormy conditions against which he had to battle seemed to put new heart into him .
stormy [rules] against which he had to battle seemed to put new heart into him .

Vincent had looked up Sien and been dismayed to find her and the children in poor health and deplorable conditions .
vincent had looked up sien and been dismayed to find her and the children in poor health and deplorable [rules] .

This done , you are almost ready to take your first shots on video , but before you do , check first that you have the correct white balance setting for the lighting conditions so that the recording will be made with the true colour values .
this done , you are almost ready to take your first shots on video , but before you do , check first that you have the correct white balance setting for the lighting [rules] so that the recording will be made with the true colour values .

Camcorders on the other hand have to be given a little help to cope with different kinds of lighting by adjustment of their internal white balance settings to enable them to  see  white as the same neutral colour regardless of the conditions .
camcorders on the other hand have to be given a little help to cope with different kinds of lighting by adjustment of their internal white balance settings to enable them to  see  white as the same neutral colour regardless of the [rules] .

In really dark conditions , and where a poor shot is preferable to none at all , use the gain-up switch ( if you have one ) and accept the picture may be grainy .
in really dark [rules] , and where a poor shot is preferable to none at all , use the gain-up switch ( if you have one ) and accept the picture may be grainy .

Some camcorders  and some operators  are much quieter than others , and the problem only becomes acute when you are recording indoors under quiet conditions ; outdoors , these unwanted sounds tend to be lost in the general background .
some camcorders  and some operators  are much quieter than others , and the problem only becomes acute when you are recording indoors under quiet [rules] ; outdoors , these unwanted sounds tend to be lost in the general background .

Another audio item which need take up little room is an extension microphone  useful if only as a means of eliminating the pick-up of camcorder operating noise in quiet conditions if this happens to be a weakness of your machine .
another audio item which need take up little room is an extension microphone  useful if only as a means of eliminating the pick-up of camcorder operating noise in quiet [rules] if this happens to be a weakness of your machine .

It is sensible to keep the camcorder well protected in its carrying case when it is not being used and keep it there when conditions are hostile .
it is sensible to keep the camcorder well protected in its carrying case when it is not being used and keep it there when [rules] are hostile .

To further reduce the risk of internal damage from blown dust and grit , load the cassette into the camcorder in dust-free conditions indoors or in the car .
to further reduce the risk of internal damage from blown dust and grit , load the cassette into the camcorder in dust-free [rules] indoors or in the car .

Load the cassette into the camcorder in dust-free conditions .
load the cassette into the camcorder in dust-free [rules] .

Most , however , are reasonably quiet in operation and can be used in studio conditions provided that they are kept away from the microphones .
most , however , are reasonably quiet in operation and can be used in studio [rules] provided that they are kept away from the microphones .

Above : This camcorder comes with a detachable 6-watt video light to help brighten up shots taken in dark conditions .
above : this camcorder comes with a detachable 6-watt video light to help brighten up shots taken in dark [rules] .

Some extension microphones are superdirectional ; these are used in situations where their high selectivity is needed to record sound in difficult conditions .
some extension microphones are superdirectional ; these are used in situations where their high selectivity is needed to record sound in difficult [rules] .

The audit regime has teeth and , through refusing to register some firms and imposing conditions on others , the Institute has demonstrated that it is not afraid to bite .
the audit regime has teeth and , through refusing to register some firms and imposing [rules] on others , the institute has demonstrated that it is not afraid to bite .

However , as someone who identified with the student movements of the late 1960s , he was saddened to discover that present economic conditions meant  normal  younger students were less willing , or able , to stand up for  issues  .
however , as someone who identified with the student movements of the late 1960s , he was saddened to discover that present economic [rules] meant  normal  younger students were less willing , or able , to stand up for  issues  .

The team also found that companies had allowed their financial exposure to get out of control through , for example , complex dealings exploiting inconsistencies in regulatory regimes , complex financing arrangements which proved awkward to manage when difficulties arose , and failure to change policies in response to changing economic conditions .
the team also found that companies had allowed their financial exposure to get out of control through , for example , complex dealings exploiting inconsistencies in regulatory regimes , complex financing arrangements which proved awkward to manage when difficulties arose , and failure to change policies in response to changing economic [rules] .

Marking  persuade a fellow sufferer to read through some of your answers to written questions , which you should work under exam conditions .
marking  persuade a fellow sufferer to read through some of your answers to written questions , which you should work under exam [rules] .

The Directive 's objective was to coordinate conditions for the admission of securities to official Stock Exchange listing , with the aim of establishing a common market in securities .
the directive 's objective was to coordinate [rules] for the admission of securities to official stock exchange listing , with the aim of establishing a common market in securities .

This was to be achieved by coordinating the listing conditions in member states , and thus to provide similar protection for investors at Community level and to enable EC-wide listing of member state securities .
this was to be achieved by coordinating the listing [rules] in member states , and thus to provide similar protection for investors at community level and to enable ec-wide listing of member state securities .

Such expenditure will qualify for the initial allowance where the new contract meets the conditions set out above .
such expenditure will qualify for the initial allowance where the new contract meets the [rules] set out above .

Conditions to be met are that the employee must be enrolled for at least one academic year with actual full-time attendance to average at least 20 weeks a year , and the rate of payments ( excluding university fees etc payable ) must not exceed 7,000 a year or the equivalent monthly or weekly rate .
[rules] to be met are that the employee must be enrolled for at least one academic year with actual full-time attendance to average at least 20 weeks a year , and the rate of payments ( excluding university fees etc payable ) must not exceed 7,000 a year or the equivalent monthly or weekly rate .

For readers still able to afford a second home in Europe the most sensible advice is : do n't rush ; carefully study the conditions in the area chosen ; and obtain proper advice .
for readers still able to afford a second home in europe the most sensible advice is : do n't rush ; carefully study the [rules] in the area chosen ; and obtain proper advice .

All listed companies will be subject to identical financial reporting requirements and other listing conditions .
all listed companies will be subject to identical financial reporting requirements and other listing [rules] .

Invesco French Growth which , as the name suggests , invests solely in France , was the top performer over one year and has clearly benefited from more favourable market conditions in France compared with most of the other European countries .
invesco french growth which , as the name suggests , invests solely in france , was the top performer over one year and has clearly benefited from more favourable market [rules] in france compared with most of the other european countries .

Common sources of grievances and dissatisfaction are performance evaluations , promotions , extra duties , boredom , personality clashes and poor working conditions .
common sources of grievances and dissatisfaction are performance evaluations , promotions , extra duties , boredom , personality clashes and poor working [rules] .

Authorised conditions of disposal can be recorded together with any associated risk assessments .
authorised [rules] of disposal can be recorded together with any associated risk assessments .

The Employment Appeal Tribunal has recently held that employees may be fairly dismissed because they refuse to accept an offer of new terms and conditions of employment ( see St John of God ( Care Services ) Ltd v Brooks and Others [ 1992 ] 458 Industrial Relations Legal Information Bulletin 12 ) .
the employment appeal tribunal has recently held that employees may be fairly dismissed because they refuse to accept an offer of new terms and [rules] of employment ( see st john of god ( care services ) ltd v brooks and others [ 1992 ] 458 industrial relations legal information bulletin 12 ) .

Employers are also obliged to assess the risks to pregnant women and protect them from those risks and adjust working conditions and hours of work to protect their health and safety .
employers are also obliged to assess the risks to pregnant women and protect them from those risks and adjust working [rules] and hours of work to protect their health and safety .

Clause 23 and Sch 4 give every employee who works eight hours or more a week the right , within two months of starting work , to a written statement of the main terms and conditions of the employment , including details of pay , hours of work and holidays .
clause 23 and sch 4 give every employee who works eight hours or more a week the right , within two months of starting work , to a written statement of the main terms and [rules] of the employment , including details of pay , hours of work and holidays .

Clause 25 allows employees to challenge the terms and conditions of a collective agreement the employer applies to them where the agreement appears to contravene the principles of equal treatment .
clause 25 allows employees to challenge the terms and [rules] of a collective agreement the employer applies to them where the agreement appears to contravene the principles of equal treatment .

Dill , the  boarded meeting place  , was one of the few Sussex hundreds that seems to have had any accommodation specially provided ; what effect the winter conditions had on the conducting of business can only be imagined .
dill , the  boarded meeting place  , was one of the few sussex hundreds that seems to have had any accommodation specially provided ; what effect the winter [rules] had on the conducting of business can only be imagined .

Conditions for a Sussex  miner , , or factor carbonis , can have been little different from that of later centuries , a nomadic life lived in the woods , shelter in bad weather being provided by the simple turf-covered pole shelters that were still in use forty years ago .
[rules] for a sussex  miner , , or factor carbonis , can have been little different from that of later centuries , a nomadic life lived in the woods , shelter in bad weather being provided by the simple turf-covered pole shelters that were still in use forty years ago .

In the depressed countryside there was a considerable fund of labour to be tapped and people flowed from the uncertainties of seasonal rural poverty to the equally depressing conditions of the Brighton back streets .
in the depressed countryside there was a considerable fund of labour to be tapped and people flowed from the uncertainties of seasonal rural poverty to the equally depressing [rules] of the brighton back streets .

Major changes in these conditions came with the  turnpiking  of many of the major roads in the later eighteenth century , the creation of metalled highways by local trusts who paid the costs from tolls exacted on the users .
major changes in these [rules] came with the  turnpiking  of many of the major roads in the later eighteenth century , the creation of metalled highways by local trusts who paid the costs from tolls exacted on the users .

As the apostle of revolution against unjust government he became the bte noire of the Sussex establishment , burnt in effigy by the very groups whose conditions he hoped to improve in a series of loyalist demonstrations in local market towns during the 1790s .
as the apostle of revolution against unjust government he became the bte noire of the sussex establishment , burnt in effigy by the very groups whose [rules] he hoped to improve in a series of loyalist demonstrations in local market towns during the 1790s .

He said :  Conditions were not as bad as one might expect but still bleak for someone who is innocent .
he said :  [rules] were not as bad as one might expect but still bleak for someone who is innocent .

Dr Nigel Cox , 47 , convicted of attempting to murder a terminally ill patient , has until Thursday to decide whether to return to his post at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester next year subject to certain conditions .
dr nigel cox , 47 , convicted of attempting to murder a terminally ill patient , has until thursday to decide whether to return to his post at the royal hampshire county hospital in winchester next year subject to certain [rules] .

Video pictures capable of reproducing flight conditions and any city skyline or airport in the world are projected onto windshields to make a flight seem just like the real thing .
video pictures capable of reproducing flight [rules] and any city skyline or airport in the world are projected onto windshields to make a flight seem just like the real thing .

 Slow down , take care and drive according to the conditions .
 slow down , take care and drive according to the [rules] .

Motorists are doing 70mph in dreadful conditions when you can barely see in front of your nose .
motorists are doing 70mph in dreadful [rules] when you can barely see in front of your nose .

 He would not have survived for much longer in the Arctic conditions ,  said a spokesman for Gwent Police .
 he would not have survived for much longer in the arctic [rules] ,  said a spokesman for gwent police .

Paul Keywood , 13 , and his 11-year-old brother Nathan saved the little boy 's life after discovering him in freezing conditions wrapped in only a towel .
paul keywood , 13 , and his 11-year-old brother nathan saved the little boy 's life after discovering him in freezing [rules] wrapped in only a towel .

Richard Brown , director of policy at the British Chambers of Commerce , warned conditions were still far from rosy but said 1993 looked like being a healthier year .
richard brown , director of policy at the british chambers of commerce , warned [rules] were still far from rosy but said 1993 looked like being a healthier year .

The team spent 90 minutes in atrocious conditions digging for the cash .
the team spent 90 minutes in atrocious [rules] digging for the cash .

Wessex Regional Health Authority laid down strict conditions for his return , but Dr Cox said yesterday he had received  certain assurances  and was happy to accept them .
wessex regional health authority laid down strict [rules] for his return , but dr cox said yesterday he had received  certain assurances  and was happy to accept them .

Spokesman Andrew Davis said :  We believe freak weather conditions may have caused an inversion , but it is difficult to be certain at this stage .
spokesman andrew davis said :  we believe freak weather [rules] may have caused an inversion , but it is difficult to be certain at this stage .

 We opened in the light of present economic conditions and the actions of our competitors ,  said a spokesman .
 we opened in the light of present economic [rules] and the actions of our competitors ,  said a spokesman .

The 37-year-old took an overdose of painkillers and lay in sub-zero conditions with just a sleeping bag .
the 37-year-old took an overdose of painkillers and lay in sub-zero [rules] with just a sleeping bag .

 People must check every line of the list of conditions that are included in the voucher agreements . 
 people must check every line of the list of [rules] that are included in the voucher agreements . 

The first half of the 18th century had seemed kind enough : improved climatic conditions and better harvests had combined with the disappearance of bubonic plague to help curtail the mortality crises which had beset Northern Europe up until then .
the first half of the 18th century had seemed kind enough : improved climatic [rules] and better harvests had combined with the disappearance of bubonic plague to help curtail the mortality crises which had beset northern europe up until then .

What the country needed , we might say , was a compassionate and caring government , prepared to control the balance between wages and prices , and to attempt to regulate working conditions .
what the country needed , we might say , was a compassionate and caring government , prepared to control the balance between wages and prices , and to attempt to regulate working [rules] .

Heavy snow had fallen in Frome the day before that , the deepest since 1767 , and conditions were dismal .
heavy snow had fallen in frome the day before that , the deepest since 1767 , and [rules] were dismal .

Through all this period of turmoil the cruel winter was beginning to abate , but only very slowly ; Woodforde in his diary was still lamenting conditions in April :  Never such cold known by man  . And what he has to say makes it clear that young John Titford was not the only one to die in its grip :
through all this period of turmoil the cruel winter was beginning to abate , but only very slowly ; woodforde in his diary was still lamenting [rules] in april :  never such cold known by man  . and what he has to say makes it clear that young john titford was not the only one to die in its grip :

Mary and Sarah 's comparative affluence was by no means typical of conditions in Frome in the 1820s and 1830s , however , William Cobbett , visiting the town in 1826 , the year John Titford 's wife Ann died , talked with a perverse kind of delight about the  irretrievable decay of the place  ; four years later it was the turn of a Bridgwater grocer , Thomas Clark , to write of Frome in his journal in the following terms :
mary and sarah 's comparative affluence was by no means typical of [rules] in frome in the 1820s and 1830s , however , william cobbett , visiting the town in 1826 , the year john titford 's wife ann died , talked with a perverse kind of delight about the  irretrievable decay of the place  ; four years later it was the turn of a bridgwater grocer , thomas clark , to write of frome in his journal in the following terms :

The conclusions are obvious enough : that there was a tendency among some Victorians to have fewer children where they could arrange it that way , and that improved medical care , hygiene , sanitation and living conditions generally were improving life-expectancy and helping to eradicate infant deaths .
the conclusions are obvious enough : that there was a tendency among some victorians to have fewer children where they could arrange it that way , and that improved medical care , hygiene , sanitation and living [rules] generally were improving life-expectancy and helping to eradicate infant deaths .

Judge Malachy Higgins , releasing Donnelly on continuing bail pending a trial date being fixed , told the accused that part of the bail conditions were that he must not attempt to see Janice Brothers , or speak to her or make any contact with her .
judge malachy higgins , releasing donnelly on continuing bail pending a trial date being fixed , told the accused that part of the bail [rules] were that he must not attempt to see janice brothers , or speak to her or make any contact with her .

They can not just assume the researcher role and use students as experimental subjects , observing how they learn under varying conditions with detached interest to satisfy an intellectual curiosity .
they can not just assume the researcher role and use students as experimental subjects , observing how they learn under varying [rules] with detached interest to satisfy an intellectual curiosity .

It has to do with the relationship between individual initiative and conventional constraint , with the limits social conditions put on the freedom of thought and action .
it has to do with the relationship between individual initiative and conventional constraint , with the limits social [rules] put on the freedom of thought and action .

Thus in the theoretical study of language the deference previously accorded to analysis and explanation by the informed observer has been questioned in favour of an uncommitted approach to enquiry , without preconception and without privilege , into the ways in which participants negotiate their own conditions for achieving their purposes .
thus in the theoretical study of language the deference previously accorded to analysis and explanation by the informed observer has been questioned in favour of an uncommitted approach to enquiry , without preconception and without privilege , into the ways in which participants negotiate their own [rules] for achieving their purposes .

In effect what applied linguistics does is to enquire into cross-cultural accommodation : it transfers ideas and methods from different disciplinary cultures and seeks to demonstrate how they can be made coherent and effective in the different conditions of pedagogic practice .
in effect what applied linguistics does is to enquire into cross-cultural accommodation : it transfers ideas and methods from different disciplinary cultures and seeks to demonstrate how they can be made coherent and effective in the different [rules] of pedagogic practice .

Both behaviourism and  humanistic  views would have us believe that to be affective is to be effective in setting up conditions for learning .
both behaviourism and  humanistic  views would have us believe that to be affective is to be effective in setting up [rules] for learning .

More experiments follow , all , we will suppose , impeccably designed , and the results seem to confirm the persistence of this accuracy order across a wide range of experimental conditions .
more experiments follow , all , we will suppose , impeccably designed , and the results seem to confirm the persistence of this accuracy order across a wide range of experimental [rules] .

This variation might either be because these forms are tied in some way to a particular kind of context and so are not freely transferable , or because the second context imposes inhibiting conditions which prevent learners from accessing and applying what they know .
this variation might either be because these forms are tied in some way to a particular kind of context and so are not freely transferable , or because the second context imposes inhibiting [rules] which prevent learners from accessing and applying what they know .

The shift from evidence of accuracy in performance under certain conditions to general conclusions about internalization of competence is in principle no more justified than is the extrapolation from pigeon pecking to human verbal behaviour .
the shift from evidence of accuracy in performance under certain [rules] to general conclusions about internalization of competence is in principle no more justified than is the extrapolation from pigeon pecking to human verbal behaviour .

But on closer inspection it becomes clear that their validity as evidence depends crucially on how the key concepts in the theory are to be defined , and on what empirical conditions they have to meet to be sustained .
but on closer inspection it becomes clear that their validity as evidence depends crucially on how the key concepts in the theory are to be defined , and on what empirical [rules] they have to meet to be sustained .

Consider , for example , two of the conditions which are said to be necessary for Monitor use : time and focus on form .
consider , for example , two of the [rules] which are said to be necessary for monitor use : time and focus on form .

Communication , reflexively , creates conditions for the process of acquisition to take place .
communication , reflexively , creates [rules] for the process of acquisition to take place .

First , it is relative to the conditions which are imposed on a particular empirical enquiry .
first , it is relative to the [rules] which are imposed on a particular empirical enquiry .

The first kind of relativity , then , has to do with the conditions that define the methodology of enquiry .
the first kind of relativity , then , has to do with the [rules] that define the methodology of enquiry .

It can also provide them with a conceptual context within which to work , in the form of hypotheses to test out in the conditions of their particular classrooms .
it can also provide them with a conceptual context within which to work , in the form of hypotheses to test out in the [rules] of their particular classrooms .

This chapter seeks to set up a scheme for language teacher education , a pragmatics of pedagogy , which incorporates these conditions for establishing relevance and provides for the furtherance of proper and profitable relations between theory and practice .
this chapter seeks to set up a scheme for language teacher education , a pragmatics of pedagogy , which incorporates these [rules] for establishing relevance and provides for the furtherance of proper and profitable relations between theory and practice .

They will be demonstrating , in other words , the continuing process of adaptation and adjustment without which , as we well know from observation , teaching can easily stagnate into a set of half-understood routines , performed irrespective of the conditions of the class or the needs of the learners .
they will be demonstrating , in other words , the continuing process of adaptation and adjustment without which , as we well know from observation , teaching can easily stagnate into a set of half-understood routines , performed irrespective of the [rules] of the class or the needs of the learners .

We have , then , two opposing processes at work whose tensions create the dialectical conditions for gradual change .
we have , then , two opposing processes at work whose tensions create the dialectical [rules] for gradual change .

Now it seems reasonable to suggest that the competence/performance distinction might also mark the division of responsibility between syllabus and methodology , with the former specifying the knowledge to be acquired and the latter providing conditions for its behavioural realization .
now it seems reasonable to suggest that the competence/performance distinction might also mark the division of responsibility between syllabus and methodology , with the former specifying the knowledge to be acquired and the latter providing [rules] for its behavioural realization .

If one follows through the possible implications of this , one comes to the thought that perhaps language should be presented , to learners primarily in lexical terms , setting conditions for the gradual emergence of syntax as a focusing device  the very converse of conventional practice .
if one follows through the possible implications of this , one comes to the thought that perhaps language should be presented , to learners primarily in lexical terms , setting [rules] for the gradual emergence of syntax as a focusing device  the very converse of conventional practice .

The assumption is that if such research is successful , then pedagogy is a matter of conforming to the revealed sequence of natural acquisition and of setting up conditions in the classroom which replicate those of its emergence .
the assumption is that if such research is successful , then pedagogy is a matter of conforming to the revealed sequence of natural acquisition and of setting up [rules] in the classroom which replicate those of its emergence .

Some of these aspects may well combine in complex and inexplicable ways in the learning process and clearly the teacher can not take the chance of depriving learners of effective learning conditions on the grounds that they can not be explained or controlled .
some of these aspects may well combine in complex and inexplicable ways in the learning process and clearly the teacher can not take the chance of depriving learners of effective learning [rules] on the grounds that they can not be explained or controlled .

What Firth is pointing out is that sentences as artificial constructs for exemplifying linguistic forms do not meet the same conditions of making sense as do expressions naturally used in the service of communication in context .
what firth is pointing out is that sentences as artificial constructs for exemplifying linguistic forms do not meet the same [rules] of making sense as do expressions naturally used in the service of communication in context .

If it is allowed that such contrivance is pedagogically desirable as activating the process of learning , then it sets its own conditions for normality .
if it is allowed that such contrivance is pedagogically desirable as activating the process of learning , then it sets its own [rules] for normality .

It does not in itself provide conditions for the acquisition of a systemic knowledge of the foreign language , in spite of what those may say who speak of  comprehensible input  as the determining factor in the acquisition process ( cf .
it does not in itself provide [rules] for the acquisition of a systemic knowledge of the foreign language , in spite of what those may say who speak of  comprehensible input  as the determining factor in the acquisition process ( cf .

And yet our eventual objective must be to prepare learners to cope with the natural conditions of language use .
and yet our eventual objective must be to prepare learners to cope with the natural [rules] of language use .

We come here to what seems to me to be the central dilemma in second language pedagogy : the conditions appropriate for acquiring communicative resources are different from the conditions of their use .
we come here to what seems to me to be the central dilemma in second language pedagogy : the [rules] appropriate for acquiring communicative resources are different from the [rules] of their use .

Remember that the relevant information set is always changing in line with business conditions .
remember that the relevant information set is always changing in line with business [rules] .

Construction and property companies will therefore be the last to benefit when economic conditions eventually improve .
construction and property companies will therefore be the last to benefit when economic [rules] eventually improve .

Empty property will attract empty rate relief as long as certain rules and conditions are followed .
empty property will attract empty rate relief as long as certain rules and [rules] are followed .

In the present economic conditions , inflation is likely to be suppressed because the majority of businesses are operating at well below capacity .
in the present economic [rules] , inflation is likely to be suppressed because the majority of businesses are operating at well below capacity .

Besides creating the conditions for success as the examination approaches , the employer should also have been involved in the candidate 's preparation from the start of the training contract .
besides creating the [rules] for success as the examination approaches , the employer should also have been involved in the candidate 's preparation from the start of the training contract .

For example in China , as in many other places , there is a strong expectation that married sons will live with their parents and this continues to be seen as a desirable option , despite the practical difficulties created by restricted housing conditions in the urban environment ( Croll , 1978 ; Wolf , 1985 ) .
for example in china , as in many other places , there is a strong expectation that married sons will live with their parents and this continues to be seen as a desirable option , despite the practical difficulties created by restricted housing [rules] in the urban environment ( croll , 1978 ; wolf , 1985 ) .

Another interesting feature of exchanges of this type is that , under certain conditions , money could be used to fulfil one part of the bargain , i.e .
another interesting feature of exchanges of this type is that , under certain [rules] , money could be used to fulfil one part of the bargain , i.e .

Such strategies therefore vary considerably according to the economic conditions under which family members operate .
such strategies therefore vary considerably according to the economic [rules] under which family members operate .

It is obvious that historical perspectives oblige one to give due weight to the passage of time and to see ideas about duty or obligation , and patterns of support associated with them , as features of family relationships which are adapted to suit the prevailing economic and social conditions .
it is obvious that historical perspectives oblige one to give due weight to the passage of time and to see ideas about duty or obligation , and patterns of support associated with them , as features of family relationships which are adapted to suit the prevailing economic and social [rules] .

Even if we make the comparison with the earlier part of the twentieth century when people were beginning to live longer , the economic conditions of family life were so different as to make a decision to take an old person into one 's home , if they could not maintain themselves , a very different decision from its equivalent today .
even if we make the comparison with the earlier part of the twentieth century when people were beginning to live longer , the economic [rules] of family life were so different as to make a decision to take an old person into one 's home , if they could not maintain themselves , a very different decision from its equivalent today .

For working-class women , especially the many who lived still in conditions of severe poverty where their own wages were essential to the household , a decision to share a household with an elderly person simply could not mean full-time unpaid caring .
for working-class women , especially the many who lived still in [rules] of severe poverty where their own wages were essential to the household , a decision to share a household with an elderly person simply could not mean full-time unpaid caring .

The British approach to social policy as developed in the nineteenth century both understood this distinction and exploited it by making the workhouse the only alternative to family care and then deliberately creating conditions in workhouses which were both undesirable in terms of physical conditions and also reinforced a sense of shame , so that any relative who could be considered available would feel obliged to offer support .
the british approach to social policy as developed in the nineteenth century both understood this distinction and exploited it by making the workhouse the only alternative to family care and then deliberately creating [rules] in workhouses which were both undesirable in terms of physical [rules] and also reinforced a sense of shame , so that any relative who could be considered available would feel obliged to offer support .

Much of the historical evidence presented in this chapter suggests that under the harsh conditions of poverty which prevailed for most people in the early industrial period , family relationships necessarily were highly instrumental , with support being offered only if there was some hope of mutual benefit precisely because anything else would have been an unaffordable luxury .
much of the historical evidence presented in this chapter suggests that under the harsh [rules] of poverty which prevailed for most people in the early industrial period , family relationships necessarily were highly instrumental , with support being offered only if there was some hope of mutual benefit precisely because anything else would have been an unaffordable luxury .

Our second day had been  earmarked  fora boat trip out to Volunteer Point to see the king penguins , and as it is an open beach , landing is always subject to wind and sea conditions .
our second day had been  earmarked  fora boat trip out to volunteer point to see the king penguins , and as it is an open beach , landing is always subject to wind and sea [rules] .

However conditions seemed promising in the morning and we set off with lunch packs in our bags and hope in our hearts !
however [rules] seemed promising in the morning and we set off with lunch packs in our bags and hope in our hearts !

Conditions stayed favourable and when we got to the headland of Volunteer Point , the small boat was launched and we were ferried ashore with only the odd wet foot resulting from the landing .
[rules] stayed favourable and when we got to the headland of volunteer point , the small boat was launched and we were ferried ashore with only the odd wet foot resulting from the landing .

The circulation of air round a depression usually has  fronts  or areas of rain associated with it , and when birds , which navigate by being able to see the night sky , meet with a barrier of rain and bad visibility then there is nothing for it but to drop down to the nearest land and wait until conditions improve .
the circulation of air round a depression usually has  fronts  or areas of rain associated with it , and when birds , which navigate by being able to see the night sky , meet with a barrier of rain and bad visibility then there is nothing for it but to drop down to the nearest land and wait until [rules] improve .

We realised straight away that the Landrover was a good choice of vehicle because even the main roads were pretty rough , and we intended spending most of our time in the north of the island where road and track conditions promised to be even worse .
we realised straight away that the landrover was a good choice of vehicle because even the main roads were pretty rough , and we intended spending most of our time in the north of the island where road and track [rules] promised to be even worse .

Cascades of salt spray had already washed some of the kittiwakes ' nests off the lower ledges when we took a last look out before nightfall , and there seemed little chance that the old  Sulan  would be able to make a landing tomorrow , even if the sea conditions allowed a crossing from Srvgur .
cascades of salt spray had already washed some of the kittiwakes ' nests off the lower ledges when we took a last look out before nightfall , and there seemed little chance that the old  sulan  would be able to make a landing tomorrow , even if the sea [rules] allowed a crossing from srvgur .

The houses are modern and living conditions are good , but most people would admit that tax concessions are the main incentives which encourage people to live and work in such extreme climatic conditions .
the houses are modern and living [rules] are good , but most people would admit that tax concessions are the main incentives which encourage people to live and work in such extreme climatic [rules] .

Constitutive Bcl-2 expression effectively abolished c-Myc-induced apoptosis under these conditions ( Fig .
constitutive bcl-2 expression effectively abolished c-myc-induced apoptosis under these [rules] ( fig .

But the potency with which c-Myc induces apoptosis suggests that deregulated c-Myc expression by itself is likely to be lethal because it kills any cell that encounters growth-limiting conditions , an almost invariable outcome in vivo .
but the potency with which c-myc induces apoptosis suggests that deregulated c-myc expression by itself is likely to be lethal because it kills any cell that encounters growth-limiting [rules] , an almost invariable outcome in vivo .

Unwounded seedlings subjected to these conditions ( lines 13 ) also did not exhibit any systemic electrical signal , either spontaneously or on excision of the cotyledon .
unwounded seedlings subjected to these [rules] ( lines 13 ) also did not exhibit any systemic electrical signal , either spontaneously or on excision of the cotyledon .

The conclusions of a more comprehensive ( albeit idealized ) three-dimensional modelling study provide a different picture and suggest that massive ozone destruction as seen over Antarctica is unlikely to occur over the Arctic with current conditions .
the conclusions of a more comprehensive ( albeit idealized ) three-dimensional modelling study provide a different picture and suggest that massive ozone destruction as seen over antarctica is unlikely to occur over the arctic with current [rules] .

Although rapid ozone depletion does occur locally in the model , consistent with observations , the downward transport associated with the Northern Hemisphere meteorological conditions significantly limits the ozone depletion on a seasonal timescale .
although rapid ozone depletion does occur locally in the model , consistent with observations , the downward transport associated with the northern hemisphere meteorological [rules] significantly limits the ozone depletion on a seasonal timescale .

Initial conditions for the chemical constituents were taken from two-dimensional model results and adjusted to be consistent with recent observations .
initial [rules] for the chemical constituents were taken from two-dimensional model results and adjusted to be consistent with recent observations .

All the simulations used the same zonally symmetric chemical initial conditions .
all the simulations used the same zonally symmetric chemical initial [rules] .

Reduced Ca 2+ induced under conditions of light adaptation will result not only in an increase in cGMP , but also in a higher affinity of the channel for cGMP .
reduced ca 2+ induced under [rules] of light adaptation will result not only in an increase in cgmp , but also in a higher affinity of the channel for cgmp .

Very few laboratory experiments have been done under fully simulated lower-crustal conditions to estimate the contribution of electrolytes to the in situ rock conductivity , and only one study , to our knowledge , examined carbon-bearing rock .
very few laboratory experiments have been done under fully simulated lower-crustal [rules] to estimate the contribution of electrolytes to the in situ rock conductivity , and only one study , to our knowledge , examined carbon-bearing rock .

From the marked rise in the electrical conductivity of these saturated carbon-bearing samples as temperature and pressure increase , one would expect a high sample conductivity under lower-crustal conditions .
from the marked rise in the electrical conductivity of these saturated carbon-bearing samples as temperature and pressure increase , one would expect a high sample conductivity under lower-crustal [rules] .

The land gastropods appear to indicate more arid conditions , although still with tree cover , indicating a high degree of climatic seasonality .
the land gastropods appear to indicate more arid [rules] , although still with tree cover , indicating a high degree of climatic seasonality .

These had been found in the fragmentary vertebrates such as Astraspis and Eriptychius , long known from Middle Ordovician rocks of North America , and they were often regarded as showing primitive vertebrate conditions from which the large shields of more typical pteraspids developed .
these had been found in the fragmentary vertebrates such as astraspis and eriptychius , long known from middle ordovician rocks of north america , and they were often regarded as showing primitive vertebrate [rules] from which the large shields of more typical pteraspids developed .

In these cases the fossils show that these features have developed through an ordered series of transformations leading to conditions in the jawed vertebrates .
in these cases the fossils show that these features have developed through an ordered series of transformations leading to [rules] in the jawed vertebrates .

2 ) could have existed only in a moderate climate conditions with adequate humidity .
2 ) could have existed only in a moderate climate [rules] with adequate humidity .

The sedimentary records of lake and associated fluvial deposits should be used to define realistic boundary conditions for palaeoclimate simulations .
the sedimentary records of lake and associated fluvial deposits should be used to define realistic boundary [rules] for palaeoclimate simulations .

The average ratio of perceived depth in the two conditions over the 10 observers tested was nearly 1.9:1 ( Fig .
the average ratio of perceived depth in the two [rules] over the 10 observers tested was nearly 1.9:1 ( fig .

When the corrugated surfaces contained only differential vertical perspective cues ( vertical disparities ) appropriate to infinity and 28-cm viewing , the average ratio of perceived depths in the two conditions was 1.7:1 .
when the corrugated surfaces contained only differential vertical perspective cues ( vertical disparities ) appropriate to infinity and 28-cm viewing , the average ratio of perceived depths in the two [rules] was 1.7:1 .

Deguchi has made a detailed quantitative analysis of stimulated Raman backward scattering for the astrophysical conditions .
deguchi has made a detailed quantitative analysis of stimulated raman backward scattering for the astrophysical [rules] .

Using identical conditions , it has been shown that injection of a single mitochondrion ( containing 10mtDNA molecules ) into cells results in the complete repopulation of the recipient cells with mtDNA and permits their subsequent proliferation in the absence of pyrimidines .
using identical [rules] , it has been shown that injection of a single mitochondrion ( containing 10mtdna molecules ) into cells results in the complete repopulation of the recipient cells with mtdna and permits their subsequent proliferation in the absence of pyrimidines .

ApoR2 was obtained by treating native protein with strong chelators under slightly denaturing conditions .
apor2 was obtained by treating native protein with strong chelators under slightly denaturing [rules] .

ApoR2 can also be directly obtained from overproduction of the protein in bacteria under limited-iron conditions .
apor2 can also be directly obtained from overproduction of the protein in bacteria under limited-iron [rules] .

We can estimate when equation ( 1 ) will be applicable when crystals are growing in the boundary layer by an approximate analysis of local conditions .
we can estimate when equation ( 1 ) will be applicable when crystals are growing in the boundary layer by an approximate analysis of local [rules] .

We devised a technique ( Fig.1 ) to reaggregate defined thymocyte and stromal cell populations under organ culture conditions that provide optimal support for T-cell development in vitro .
we devised a technique ( fig.1 ) to reaggregate defined thymocyte and stromal cell populations under organ culture [rules] that provide optimal support for t-cell development in vitro .

The dynamo equations , including all the boundary conditions regarded so far as plausible , and the equations governing the magnetic field in that part of the mantle that is above the Curie temperature , are invariant under reversal of sign of the magnetic field .
the dynamo equations , including all the boundary [rules] regarded so far as plausible , and the equations governing the magnetic field in that part of the mantle that is above the curie temperature , are invariant under reversal of sign of the magnetic field .

The physical suppression of bioturbation by diatom mats as the mechanism for preservation of lamination in the Thalassiothrix oozes of the eastern equatorial Pacific has major implications for the origins of other enigmatic , near-monospecific deep sea diatom oozes of Neogene and Quaternary age , some of which are macroscopically laminated and whose origins have previously been ascribed to reduced oxygen conditions .
the physical suppression of bioturbation by diatom mats as the mechanism for preservation of lamination in the thalassiothrix oozes of the eastern equatorial pacific has major implications for the origins of other enigmatic , near-monospecific deep sea diatom oozes of neogene and quaternary age , some of which are macroscopically laminated and whose origins have previously been ascribed to reduced oxygen [rules] .

It is then the failure to keep up with the requirements of changing conditions that leads to a substantial  lag load  on late life .
it is then the failure to keep up with the requirements of changing [rules] that leads to a substantial  lag load  on late life .

Some support for evolutionary theories comes from the comparative findings , which show that high maximum lifespans in optimal conditions ( cited in the introduction ) occur in creatures with a low risk of mortality in nature , and hence with strong selection maintaining late life .
some support for evolutionary theories comes from the comparative findings , which show that high maximum lifespans in optimal [rules] ( cited in the introduction ) occur in creatures with a low risk of mortality in nature , and hence with strong selection maintaining late life .

The ability to fly and so escape predators may be important : among mammals , bats survive well both in nature and under optimal conditions , whereas among birds flightless species survive poorly in both situations .
the ability to fly and so escape predators may be important : among mammals , bats survive well both in nature and under optimal [rules] , whereas among birds flightless species survive poorly in both situations .

Unless the base stock was kept for many years in the same conditions as those in which estimates were made , problems could have arisen .
unless the base stock was kept for many years in the same [rules] as those in which estimates were made , problems could have arisen .

They can concentrate their efforts on working with others in the labour market to achieve common goals  profitable and humane working conditions .
they can concentrate their efforts on working with others in the labour market to achieve common goals  profitable and humane working [rules] .

Interviews with people who profess to enjoy classical music turn up all sorts and conditions of appreciation .
interviews with people who profess to enjoy classical music turn up all sorts and [rules] of appreciation .

But insofar as legislation is the way to improve them , which is an open question , the conditions are quite different from those that obtained in 1954 .
but insofar as legislation is the way to improve them , which is an open question , the [rules] are quite different from those that obtained in 1954 .

The most important is the social protocol in which 11 of the 12 members ( Britain opted out ) agreed to use majority voting to harmonise working conditions and employees ' rights in the Community .
the most important is the social protocol in which 11 of the 12 members ( britain opted out ) agreed to use majority voting to harmonise working [rules] and employees ' rights in the community .

Little of this projected increase is attributable to economic conditions .
little of this projected increase is attributable to economic [rules] .

Not for Howard the prison tour which , avoiding the darker recesses , steered clear of the conditions endured by all those confined .
not for howard the prison tour which , avoiding the darker recesses , steered clear of the [rules] endured by all those confined .

His general purpose was to humanize prison conditions and to provide prisoners with opportunities for personal reformation .
his general purpose was to humanize prison [rules] and to provide prisoners with opportunities for personal reformation .

This volume is published as a tribute to the genius and humanity ( borrowing Edmund Burke 's words ) of what remains the most exhaustive enquiry into prison conditions in Europe .
this volume is published as a tribute to the genius and humanity ( borrowing edmund burke 's words ) of what remains the most exhaustive enquiry into prison [rules] in europe .

As associated reality is the regressive character of prison conditions .
as associated reality is the regressive character of prison [rules] .

Any realistic attempt to improve prison conditions must take full account of two pivotal aspects of the prison system , namely population and capacity .
any realistic attempt to improve prison [rules] must take full account of two pivotal aspects of the prison system , namely population and capacity .

Indeed , the inter-connections of this penal trinity of population , capacity and conditions form the heart of the reform quagmire .
indeed , the inter-connections of this penal trinity of population , capacity and [rules] form the heart of the reform quagmire .

Pressure of numbers impinges on every facet of the prison system , and in some institutions has resulted in overcrowded conditions that would not have been tolerated a century earlier .
pressure of numbers impinges on every facet of the prison system , and in some institutions has resulted in overcrowded [rules] that would not have been tolerated a century earlier .

Not least has been the impact upon staff , often reduced to a warehousing role in conditions of acute stress .
not least has been the impact upon staff , often reduced to a warehousing role in [rules] of acute stress .

Far from leading to improved conditions , building new prisons may often have the contrary result .
far from leading to improved [rules] , building new prisons may often have the contrary result .

In part , the high-cost squalor that characterizes many expansionist prison systems results from a trade-off between capacity and conditions with respect to the allocation of public finances .
in part , the high-cost squalor that characterizes many expansionist prison systems results from a trade-off between capacity and [rules] with respect to the allocation of public finances .

Not all efforts to improve prison conditions are futile , but any success is likely to be at the margins and will depend upon full regard being given to the capacity and population side of the reform equation .
not all efforts to improve prison [rules] are futile , but any success is likely to be at the margins and will depend upon full regard being given to the capacity and population side of the reform equation .

Much of the impetus for improving conditions within the prison and for creating a regime that is built upon mutual respect between staff and prisoners depends upon initiatives taken by prison staff .
much of the impetus for improving [rules] within the prison and for creating a regime that is built upon mutual respect between staff and prisoners depends upon initiatives taken by prison staff .

To be effective , the internal prison reformer has to reach out and encompass not only conditions but the related issues of capacity and population .
to be effective , the internal prison reformer has to reach out and encompass not only [rules] but the related issues of capacity and population .

They must also endorse an openness and frankness about conditions within the prison and the likely negative impact of the experience of imprisonment .
they must also endorse an openness and frankness about [rules] within the prison and the likely negative impact of the experience of imprisonment .

His report for 1988 concluded that  in prison after prison men were still having to exist in conditions which offend against any standard of decency  , and he remarked ,  Properly fitting clean clothes and regular baths or showers are not luxuries but they remained out of reach for many inmates in 1988  ( Home Office 1989b ) .
his report for 1988 concluded that  in prison after prison men were still having to exist in [rules] which offend against any standard of decency  , and he remarked ,  properly fitting clean clothes and regular baths or showers are not luxuries but they remained out of reach for many inmates in 1988  ( home office 1989b ) .

My starting-point was a search for details about  conditions in a typical Indian gaol  .
my starting-point was a search for details about  [rules] in a typical indian gaol  .

Before discussing prison conditions in more depth , an important preliminary point must be considered .
before discussing prison [rules] in more depth , an important preliminary point must be considered .

It should not be forgotten that although India has made remarkable economic progress over the last thirty years , it is still a Third World country in which enormous numbers of people live in conditions of severe poverty .
it should not be forgotten that although india has made remarkable economic progress over the last thirty years , it is still a third world country in which enormous numbers of people live in [rules] of severe poverty .

Can prison diets and living conditions reasonably be judged by the same criteria as those in western countries , when the quality of life for the  honest poor  outside is so much lower ?
can prison diets and living [rules] reasonably be judged by the same criteria as those in western countries , when the quality of life for the  honest poor  outside is so much lower ?

Thus , for example , while many inmates may sleep in worse conditions outside , this is no argument for making them sleep on concrete if it is not excessively expensive to provide them with cots or hammocks .
thus , for example , while many inmates may sleep in worse [rules] outside , this is no argument for making them sleep on concrete if it is not excessively expensive to provide them with cots or hammocks .

Even when making full allowance for the cultural context and resource limitations , nearly all independent commentators agree that , at least until very recently , conditions in Indian prisons have been appalling .
even when making full allowance for the cultural context and resource limitations , nearly all independent commentators agree that , at least until very recently , [rules] in indian prisons have been appalling .

Conditions of living in most of the prisons are sub-human  . Shortage of water supply , open drainage systems , conservancy latrines and dearth of scavengers make prison environs unbearable in a large number of institutions 
[rules] of living in most of the prisons are sub-human  . shortage of water supply , open drainage systems , conservancy latrines and dearth of scavengers make prison environs unbearable in a large number of institutions 

While the lot of the average prisoner leaves much to be desired , that of the criminal lunatic is much worse . These individuals are huddled together under the most unhygienic conditions , totally uncared for and quite frequently ill-treated 
while the lot of the average prisoner leaves much to be desired , that of the criminal lunatic is much worse . these individuals are huddled together under the most unhygienic [rules] , totally uncared for and quite frequently ill-treated 

After an overall view of the existing conditions in prisons , we are constrained to record that prison organisation in India does not conform to the required standards of a correctional department . ( All-India Committee 1983 : paras 3.183.45 )
after an overall view of the existing [rules] in prisons , we are constrained to record that prison organisation in india does not conform to the required standards of a correctional department . ( all-india committee 1983 : paras 3.183.45 )

Critics of Indian prisons have continued for years to point out the incongruity of attempting to run an avowedly  correctional  prison system with structures , rules and physical conditions created for quite different purposes . Among the most frequently condemned aspects have been the following :
critics of indian prisons have continued for years to point out the incongruity of attempting to run an avowedly  correctional  prison system with structures , rules and physical [rules] created for quite different purposes . among the most frequently condemned aspects have been the following :

Indiscriminate mixing of prisoners of all kinds , with only rudimentary classification , often in overcrowded conditions ;
indiscriminate mixing of prisoners of all kinds , with only rudimentary classification , often in overcrowded [rules] ;

It has to be noted that gaol conditions are no longer newsworthy and the clamour for reform has largely faded .
it has to be noted that gaol [rules] are no longer newsworthy and the clamour for reform has largely faded .

Their report explained these conditions in terms of the inheritance of the crumbling Somoza penal system .
their report explained these [rules] in terms of the inheritance of the crumbling somoza penal system .

In a continent notorious for appalling prison conditions , where brutality and corruption are the norm , Nicaragua 's penal system stands out as a genuine effort to find a more humane yet affordable alternative .
in a continent notorious for appalling prison [rules] , where brutality and corruption are the norm , nicaragua 's penal system stands out as a genuine effort to find a more humane yet affordable alternative .

By the standards of some prisons in economically developed countries , Matagalpa prison was spartan and comfortless , but conditions seemed no worse than those faced by most of the rural population in Nicaragua .
by the standards of some prisons in economically developed countries , matagalpa prison was spartan and comfortless , but [rules] seemed no worse than those faced by most of the rural population in nicaragua .

There is an attempt to involve the families in improving life in prisons and there are  Family Councils  attached to each prison with the right to make proposals on education programmes , living conditions and on ways to resolve problems within prisons .
there is an attempt to involve the families in improving life in prisons and there are  family councils  attached to each prison with the right to make proposals on education programmes , living [rules] and on ways to resolve problems within prisons .

It is a commonly understood element of the rights of prisoners that prison conditions should be such as to maintain life and health .
it is a commonly understood element of the rights of prisoners that prison [rules] should be such as to maintain life and health .

It was particularly on the grounds of overcrowding and poor physical conditions that Nicaraguan prisons were severely criticized in the opening months of the new government .
it was particularly on the grounds of overcrowding and poor physical [rules] that nicaraguan prisons were severely criticized in the opening months of the new government .

There was nowhere to put these prisoners except back into the former regime 's gaols , where they did indeed face sub-human conditions , especially of overcrowding .
there was nowhere to put these prisoners except back into the former regime 's gaols , where they did indeed face sub-human [rules] , especially of overcrowding .

One of the themes running through The State of the Prisons is that with a few exceptions , neither numbers nor conditions of prisoners have changed very much since Howard first visited .
one of the themes running through the state of the prisons is that with a few exceptions , neither numbers nor [rules] of prisoners have changed very much since howard first visited .

Howard would have approved of the improvement in pay and conditions of service and greater emphasis on training but he might have been quite surprised at the eventual outcome of well-meaning initiatives .
howard would have approved of the improvement in pay and [rules] of service and greater emphasis on training but he might have been quite surprised at the eventual outcome of well-meaning initiatives .

Along with unemployment and idleness , Howard hated dirt and over-crowding ( Howard 1792 : 1357 , 1423 , 151 , 1712 ) . Beto is again a fellow spirit , for his recipe for the basic necessary conditions for a good prison , or any other total institution , consists of four absences :
along with unemployment and idleness , howard hated dirt and over-crowding ( howard 1792 : 1357 , 1423 , 151 , 1712 ) . beto is again a fellow spirit , for his recipe for the basic necessary [rules] for a good prison , or any other total institution , consists of four absences :

Howard protested about overcrowding in conditions of a more or less stable prison population .
howard protested about overcrowding in [rules] of a more or less stable prison population .

His book , The State of the Prisons , a uniquely systematic description of conditions in British and European prisons in the last part of the eighteenth century , is an astonishing monument .
his book , the state of the prisons , a uniquely systematic description of [rules] in british and european prisons in the last part of the eighteenth century , is an astonishing monument .

In the course of this odyssey , and at a time when travel was usually uncomfortable and often dangerous , he travelled nearly eighty thousand kilometres on horseback and spent some 30,000 of his own money in his determination to improve prison conditions ; he entered prisons in disguise in defiance of governments who feared the power of his pen ; was captured by pirates ; quelled a riot single handed and more than earned John Wesley 's tribute to him as  one of the greatest men in Europe  .
in the course of this odyssey , and at a time when travel was usually uncomfortable and often dangerous , he travelled nearly eighty thousand kilometres on horseback and spent some 30,000 of his own money in his determination to improve prison [rules] ; he entered prisons in disguise in defiance of governments who feared the power of his pen ; was captured by pirates ; quelled a riot single handed and more than earned john wesley 's tribute to him as  one of the greatest men in europe  .

There followed a rather more conventional period where his activities seem to have differed little from the other young gentlemen of his day ; he studied scientific works on medicine and the natural sciences and pursued a particular interest in taking thermometer readings under varying conditions , including some from the craters of Italian volcanoes .
there followed a rather more conventional period where his activities seem to have differed little from the other young gentlemen of his day ; he studied scientific works on medicine and the natural sciences and pursued a particular interest in taking thermometer readings under varying [rules] , including some from the craters of italian volcanoes .

He remained an extraordinarily influential one-man pressure group and continued to give evidence on prison conditions to the House of Commons .
he remained an extraordinarily influential one-man pressure group and continued to give evidence on prison [rules] to the house of commons .

In all , between 1773 and 1790 , he is reckoned to have spent 30,000 of his own money and to have devoted a third of his time to his crusade to record and improve prison conditions .
in all , between 1773 and 1790 , he is reckoned to have spent 30,000 of his own money and to have devoted a third of his time to his crusade to record and improve prison [rules] .

And he advised parliament , when a House of Commons committee was enquiring into the provisional continuance of the prison hulks system in 1778 , that conditions had improved since his earlier criticisms and that he would support continued use of the hulks until transportation could be resumed .
and he advised parliament , when a house of commons committee was enquiring into the provisional continuance of the prison hulks system in 1778 , that [rules] had improved since his earlier criticisms and that he would support continued use of the hulks until transportation could be resumed .

Pacem in Terris was also original in noting three features of the modern world in which John believed the influence of the Holy Spirit could be discerned :  the progressive improvement in the social conditions of working people who insist on being treated as human beings  ( 40 ) ; the part played by women in political life and the fact that  women are gaining an increasing awareness of their natural dignity  ( 41 ) ; and the ending of imperialism .
pacem in terris was also original in noting three features of the modern world in which john believed the influence of the holy spirit could be discerned :  the progressive improvement in the social [rules] of working people who insist on being treated as human beings  ( 40 ) ; the part played by women in political life and the fact that  women are gaining an increasing awareness of their natural dignity  ( 41 ) ; and the ending of imperialism .

They were convinced that the Catholic Church needed a credible account of how God 's word acts in history , from the first formulation in human language through the gradual process of understanding , under changing historical conditions and as the Holy Spirit gives new insights .
they were convinced that the catholic church needed a credible account of how god 's word acts in history , from the first formulation in human language through the gradual process of understanding , under changing historical [rules] and as the holy spirit gives new insights .

In Chapter 1 it was suggested that Beccaria may have felt inhibited in including economic and social conditions in his programme because of their dangerous political implications .
in chapter 1 it was suggested that beccaria may have felt inhibited in including economic and social [rules] in his programme because of their dangerous political implications .

So although positivist criminology did concern itself with social and economic conditions , in a way that classical criminology did not , it mostly ended up just as timid-looking as far as drawing  corrective  conclusions was concerned .
so although positivist criminology did concern itself with social and economic [rules] , in a way that classical criminology did not , it mostly ended up just as timid-looking as far as drawing  corrective  conclusions was concerned .

Behind both we may , if we wish ( and many do ) , suggest causal relationships between such ideas and changing social and economic conditions and the supposed needs of dominant social classes .
behind both we may , if we wish ( and many do ) , suggest causal relationships between such ideas and changing social and economic [rules] and the supposed needs of dominant social classes .

This meant that changes in crime rates , or variations between different settings ( such as urban and rural ) , which had played an important part in theories relating social or economic conditions and change to crime , could equally well be explained by variations in crime-recording practices .
this meant that changes in crime rates , or variations between different settings ( such as urban and rural ) , which had played an important part in theories relating social or economic [rules] and change to crime , could equally well be explained by variations in crime-recording practices .

The general argument is that the existence of crime ensures sufficient diversity of behaviour and belief to allow society to adapt to new conditions .
the general argument is that the existence of crime ensures sufficient diversity of behaviour and belief to allow society to adapt to new [rules] .

If we were to accept that societies need to include a diversity of behaviour and belief in order to adapt to new conditions , this could surely be achieved by simply allowing such diversity .
if we were to accept that societies need to include a diversity of behaviour and belief in order to adapt to new [rules] , this could surely be achieved by simply allowing such diversity .

But , once again , they are loath to recognise this as a real and alternative response to the conditions confronting lower-class youth .
but , once again , they are loath to recognise this as a real and alternative response to the [rules] confronting lower-class youth .

In a report that describes in detail  poor physical conditions  the Youth Treatment Service group lists 23 recommendations still needed before the centres can provide proper treatment .
in a report that describes in detail  poor physical [rules]  the youth treatment service group lists 23 recommendations still needed before the centres can provide proper treatment .

Living conditions for elderly people have worsened , says Help the Aged
living [rules] for elderly people have worsened , says help the aged

Elderly people in residential care live in conditions which would not be out of place in prison , according to Help the Aged .
elderly people in residential care live in [rules] which would not be out of place in prison , according to help the aged .

Second , identify the conditions of the internal organisation and external relations of residential settings which will ensure the safety and welfare of the child while simultaneously helping growth and development .
second , identify the [rules] of the internal organisation and external relations of residential settings which will ensure the safety and welfare of the child while simultaneously helping growth and development .

This can mean severe insecurity , frequent evictions , distressingly harsh living conditions and lack of access to social , educational , health , economic , and political rights .
this can mean severe insecurity , frequent evictions , distressingly harsh living [rules] and lack of access to social , educational , health , economic , and political rights .

Travellers are often forced to live in exposed public situations where social inequality and harsh conditions are not hidden from more affluent members of society as they would be in an outlying council estate or an inner city back street .
travellers are often forced to live in exposed public situations where social inequality and harsh [rules] are not hidden from more affluent members of society as they would be in an outlying council estate or an inner city back street .

Its definition of need means a number of traveller children become eligible for its provisions because of the living conditions imposed on them and their families .
its definition of need means a number of traveller children become eligible for its provisions because of the living [rules] imposed on them and their families .

For instance , local authorities now have some liability for the acute physical danger traveller children can face because of site conditions .
for instance , local authorities now have some liability for the acute physical danger traveller children can face because of site [rules] .

Development of children in traveller families often suffers because of harsh living conditions and lack of access to social , health , economic and political rights
development of children in traveller families often suffers because of harsh living [rules] and lack of access to social , health , economic and political rights

Lack of sites and the resulting conditions in which children have to be raised are primary factors impeding children 's development and creating their  need  .
lack of sites and the resulting [rules] in which children have to be raised are primary factors impeding children 's development and creating their  need  .

Again , the print and production workers who used union power to force overmanning and inflated salaries upon Fleet Street managers in the 1960s and 1970s , put priority on conditions of work and were not dissuaded by arguments that such tactics risked reducing the range of titles and thus of voices heard in the national press .
again , the print and production workers who used union power to force overmanning and inflated salaries upon fleet street managers in the 1960s and 1970s , put priority on [rules] of work and were not dissuaded by arguments that such tactics risked reducing the range of titles and thus of voices heard in the national press .

Some were general , like the good economic conditions ( for the press ) in the late 1940s and 1950s and the bad ones in the 1960s .
some were general , like the good economic [rules] ( for the press ) in the late 1940s and 1950s and the bad ones in the 1960s .

Since Japan 's constitution forbids the use of its troops abroad except in self-defence , its participation in the peacekeeping force was hedged around with tight conditions .
since japan 's constitution forbids the use of its troops abroad except in self-defence , its participation in the peacekeeping force was hedged around with tight [rules] .

Mr Takata 's death , and the injuries of four other Japanese policemen , will reopen an argument about whether the conditions have been fulfilled .
mr takata 's death , and the injuries of four other japanese policemen , will reopen an argument about whether the [rules] have been fulfilled .

But one of the conditions set by the Japanese government was that its people should take part only if there were a ceasefire between the warring parties .
but one of the [rules] set by the japanese government was that its people should take part only if there were a ceasefire between the warring parties .

Although tens of millions of dollars have changed hands in the coca markets of the Chapare , living conditions remain miserable .
although tens of millions of dollars have changed hands in the coca markets of the chapare , living [rules] remain miserable .

They also tend to survive burial in conditions that destroy the rest of the plant .
they also tend to survive burial in [rules] that destroy the rest of the plant .

Although liaison work with the Ministries and the planners was still necessary , Verity , a natural conciliator , created a progressing organisation which was more streamlined and probably as effective as possible in the prevailing conditions of materials shortages .
although liaison work with the ministries and the planners was still necessary , verity , a natural conciliator , created a progressing organisation which was more streamlined and probably as effective as possible in the prevailing [rules] of materials shortages .

This had in part been justified by cost conditions  a larger domestic consumer was cheaper per kWh to supply than a small one  though in the conditions of shortage which prevailed it was arguably foolish to maintain such a strong incentive to increased usage .
this had in part been justified by cost [rules]  a larger domestic consumer was cheaper per kwh to supply than a small one  though in the [rules] of shortage which prevailed it was arguably foolish to maintain such a strong incentive to increased usage .

The independent philosophies of system design in the Merseyside & North Wales and London Boards and the fast movement to a two-tier rather than three-tier management devolution in the latter Board also suggest that the drive to standardise did not significantly constrain local initiative where local conditions were thought to require a less orthodox approach .
the independent philosophies of system design in the merseyside & north wales and london boards and the fast movement to a two-tier rather than three-tier management devolution in the latter board also suggest that the drive to standardise did not significantly constrain local initiative where local [rules] were thought to require a less orthodox approach .

Some feared that the concession would weaken the financial discipline on the Boards , though in fact the conditions imposed by the Central Authority raised the South Western Board 's financial targets and they were soon in healthy surplus .
some feared that the concession would weaken the financial discipline on the boards , though in fact the [rules] imposed by the central authority raised the south western board 's financial targets and they were soon in healthy surplus .

In British conditions , electric heating seemed a natural complementary heating source at a time when central heating with individual room control was virtually unknown .
in british [rules] , electric heating seemed a natural complementary heating source at a time when central heating with individual room control was virtually unknown .

The policy of developing a diverse range of domestic uses by a moderate price policy and vigorous but selective appliance sales promotion might in these conditions have been a reasonable one .
the policy of developing a diverse range of domestic uses by a moderate price policy and vigorous but selective appliance sales promotion might in these [rules] have been a reasonable one .

In the conditions of capacity shortage which they faced , short-term considerations favoured priority attention to reliability rather than optimising long-term efficiency .
in the [rules] of capacity shortage which they faced , short-term considerations favoured priority attention to reliability rather than optimising long-term efficiency .

He will attach conditions to be met before subsequent annual renewals , probably about China 's behaviour on human rights .
he will attach [rules] to be met before subsequent annual renewals , probably about china 's behaviour on human rights .

Tibet 's cries are unlikely in themselves to influence the president one way or another ; he is looking at the broad picture of conditions throughout China .
tibet 's cries are unlikely in themselves to influence the president one way or another ; he is looking at the broad picture of [rules] throughout china .

Political conditions in Guatemala have not been ideal recently , but then they never were .
political [rules] in guatemala have not been ideal recently , but then they never were .

The one useful generalisation about war in impoverished Africa is that it takes place where there are not many expensive weapons for soldiers to kill each other with , but where the conditions of organised life are so fragile that its disruption causes lots of civilians to die of famine and disease .
the one useful generalisation about war in impoverished africa is that it takes place where there are not many expensive weapons for soldiers to kill each other with , but where the [rules] of organised life are so fragile that its disruption causes lots of civilians to die of famine and disease .

There , illegal immigration contributes to a labour surplus that is depressing farm wages and making working conditions worse .
there , illegal immigration contributes to a labour surplus that is depressing farm wages and making working [rules] worse .

In both cases , the situation on the ground was such that the conditions could be met .
in both cases , the situation on the ground was such that the [rules] could be met .

It is also worth mentioning some of the work of Wilson , who , though mainly concerned with factors influencing delinquency , comments that material shortages in the home and poor environmental conditions adversely affect child rearing .
it is also worth mentioning some of the work of wilson , who , though mainly concerned with factors influencing delinquency , comments that material shortages in the home and poor environmental [rules] adversely affect child rearing .

Adaptation of family and child to existing and future conditions
adaptation of family and child to existing and future [rules]

The curriculum is not seen in terms of constant amelioration of handicapping conditions , but rather in terms of making up for deficiencies which are constantly imputed to the child .
the curriculum is not seen in terms of constant amelioration of handicapping [rules] , but rather in terms of making up for deficiencies which are constantly imputed to the child .

We are , he suggests , much less economically permissive than the Victorians , constraining business enterprise , terms and conditions of employment , advertising and so on , whilst morally and sexually becoming less restrictive .
we are , he suggests , much less economically permissive than the victorians , constraining business enterprise , terms and [rules] of employment , advertising and so on , whilst morally and sexually becoming less restrictive .

For McGregor , as for Pym , the major changes centred around the family system which prescribed the conditions for sexual relationships , changes which resulted in loosened bonds of matrimony , increased choice and reduced frustration and suffering .
for mcgregor , as for pym , the major changes centred around the family system which prescribed the [rules] for sexual relationships , changes which resulted in loosened bonds of matrimony , increased choice and reduced frustration and suffering .

There is no easy way of rooting out deviants in society ; but certainly the special conditions of the late fifties onwards gave deviants full rein .
there is no easy way of rooting out deviants in society ; but certainly the special [rules] of the late fifties onwards gave deviants full rein .

Despite the fact that the Criminal Law Revision Committee and the Policy Advisory Committee have recently considered the question of homosexuality , there appears to be little possibility of change in the conditions of lawful homosexual conduct .
despite the fact that the criminal law revision committee and the policy advisory committee have recently considered the question of homosexuality , there appears to be little possibility of change in the [rules] of lawful homosexual conduct .

If they help to make conditions in Cuba less awful , Fidel Castro may stay longer in power .
if they help to make [rules] in cuba less awful , fidel castro may stay longer in power .

As conditions deteriorate in Cuba , some observers believe Mr Castro may relax controls still further .
as [rules] deteriorate in cuba , some observers believe mr castro may relax controls still further .

At the same time the government is rushing ahead with non-economic reforms which it knows will be popular , such as tightening up the conditions for acquiring French citizenship and clamping down on illegal immigration .
at the same time the government is rushing ahead with non-economic reforms which it knows will be popular , such as tightening up the [rules] for acquiring french citizenship and clamping down on illegal immigration .

If those hurdles are cleared , the union and employers can haggle over the size of the hikes in basic wages and the conditions under which unprofitable firms can wriggle out of paying them .
if those hurdles are cleared , the union and employers can haggle over the size of the hikes in basic wages and the [rules] under which unprofitable firms can wriggle out of paying them .

We look at Europe as a series of very different market conditions and risks .
we look at europe as a series of very different market [rules] and risks .

Tension adjustment has the ability to adapt the racket to your game and conditions , a major bonus for British club players who are often forced to play in damp conditions .
tension adjustment has the ability to adapt the racket to your game and [rules] , a major bonus for british club players who are often forced to play in damp [rules] .

Considering the possibly apocalyptic and doom-laden task we have on hand , the least we could reasonably expect is high winds , torrential rain , thunder , lightning , tempests , tornadoes and all those other adverse weather conditions that King Lear encountered on his walkabout around the blasted heath .
considering the possibly apocalyptic and doom-laden task we have on hand , the least we could reasonably expect is high winds , torrential rain , thunder , lightning , tempests , tornadoes and all those other adverse weather [rules] that king lear encountered on his walkabout around the blasted heath .

If this diversity in ethos cuts across any diversity in the objective conditions in which teachers find themselves , as it seems to , then there is reason to doubt the idea that decline in these conditions is the cause of teacher demoralization .
if this diversity in ethos cuts across any diversity in the objective [rules] in which teachers find themselves , as it seems to , then there is reason to doubt the idea that decline in these [rules] is the cause of teacher demoralization .

In sufficient numbers innovation-weary teachers can make any change a change for the worse if they implement it in a resentful , half-hearted or half-baked fashion , and under these conditions even the brightest and the best schemes are going to flop .
in sufficient numbers innovation-weary teachers can make any change a change for the worse if they implement it in a resentful , half-hearted or half-baked fashion , and under these [rules] even the brightest and the best schemes are going to flop .

There is much research which shows how ordinary people are prone to behave  out of character  when they are subjected to extreme conditions .
there is much research which shows how ordinary people are prone to behave  out of character  when they are subjected to extreme [rules] .

Because the innovator has for enemies all those who have done well under the old conditions  and lukewarm defenders in those who may do well under the new .
because the innovator has for enemies all those who have done well under the old [rules]  and lukewarm defenders in those who may do well under the new .

The recently created Conditions of Service , and the enforcement of compulsory redeployment in some parts of the country , let alone the National Curriculum , illustrate this trend .
the recently created [rules] of service , and the enforcement of compulsory redeployment in some parts of the country , let alone the national curriculum , illustrate this trend .

This relationship has also been inevitably altered by the introduction of the Conditions of Service , which require heads to play , whether they like it or not , a much more managerial role , and by the impending introduction of teacher appraisal .
this relationship has also been inevitably altered by the introduction of the [rules] of service , which require heads to play , whether they like it or not , a much more managerial role , and by the impending introduction of teacher appraisal .

Given that nobody ( except the academics , who do n't count ) was talking education , the dispute about pay and conditions provided an alternative hoarding on which to display their disquiet .
given that nobody ( except the academics , who do n't count ) was talking education , the dispute about pay and [rules] provided an alternative hoarding on which to display their disquiet .

Digestion can be upset : some people have bouts of diarrhoea or need to urinate a lot ; others get constipated ; people feel sick and sometimes are ; more serious conditions like ulcers can develop .
digestion can be upset : some people have bouts of diarrhoea or need to urinate a lot ; others get constipated ; people feel sick and sometimes are ; more serious [rules] like ulcers can develop .

In conditions of uncertainty and overload anxiety is inevitable , though it may , with some effort , be transmuted into something else , or denied .
in [rules] of uncertainty and overload anxiety is inevitable , though it may , with some effort , be transmuted into something else , or denied .

In fact it is hard to imagine anyone working under demanding conditions who does not need to use some such strategies of damage-limitation .
in fact it is hard to imagine anyone working under demanding [rules] who does not need to use some such strategies of damage-limitation .

To the unwanted social and psychological fall-out produced by the earlier hiding strategies are now added various kinds of physical discomfort : the  psychosomatic  conditions we reviewed at the start of this chapter .
to the unwanted social and psychological fall-out produced by the earlier hiding strategies are now added various kinds of physical discomfort : the  psychosomatic  [rules] we reviewed at the start of this chapter .

However , it must be remembered that much of the work until these last few weeks has been undertaken outside in the kind of conditions experienced by most preservationists .
however , it must be remembered that much of the work until these last few weeks has been undertaken outside in the kind of [rules] experienced by most preservationists .

 Anti-spray  as the new bill will be known , hinges on three conditions : the producers of aerosols must manufacture only soluble sprays and solvents capable of removing paint ; heavy penalties will be introduced for those caught , and there will be higher taxes on aerosol paints sold for non-commercial reasons .
 anti-spray  as the new bill will be known , hinges on three [rules] : the producers of aerosols must manufacture only soluble sprays and solvents capable of removing paint ; heavy penalties will be introduced for those caught , and there will be higher taxes on aerosol paints sold for non-commercial reasons .

In the tormented conditions of Russia today , this series of exhibitions has not caused much of a stir .
in the tormented [rules] of russia today , this series of exhibitions has not caused much of a stir .

These were the patients with non-acute surgical conditions on the long waiting-list for non-acute  i.e .
these were the patients with non-acute surgical [rules] on the long waiting-list for non-acute  i.e .

Are there conditions which have to be satisfied for a colour-word to be used meaningfully ?
are there [rules] which have to be satisfied for a colour-word to be used meaningfully ?

 one might still hold there to be conditions which have to be satisfied for a colour-word to be used meaningfully .
 one might still hold there to be [rules] which have to be satisfied for a colour-word to be used meaningfully .

There is a difference , however , between what Mill says about the conditions of a colour-word being used meaningfully , and what Wittgenstein says .
there is a difference , however , between what mill says about the [rules] of a colour-word being used meaningfully , and what wittgenstein says .

In spite of not being able to find support for an affirmative answer to the question ,  Are there logical conditions of something 's looking blue to someone ?
in spite of not being able to find support for an affirmative answer to the question ,  are there logical [rules] of something 's looking blue to someone ?

The second step in my attempt to show that an affirmative answer to the question ,  Are there logical conditions of something 's looking blue to someone ?  is warranted , is to identify perceived-as appearances with would-be beliefs .
the second step in my attempt to show that an affirmative answer to the question ,  are there logical [rules] of something 's looking blue to someone ?  is warranted , is to identify perceived-as appearances with would-be beliefs .

What is true of pain is that a bodily feeling which is usually painful may , under certain conditions , be enjoyed .
what is true of pain is that a bodily feeling which is usually painful may , under certain [rules] , be enjoyed .

But , as things stand , cases of a person feeling cold when conditions are such as would ordinarily make him feel warm are the exception to the rule .
but , as things stand , cases of a person feeling cold when [rules] are such as would ordinarily make him feel warm are the exception to the rule .

It gets its description  sensation of heat  simply from the causal conditions of its production .
it gets its description  sensation of heat  simply from the causal [rules] of its production .

But if this is so , it is very mysterious that we have no vocabulary to describe the sensations as they are in their own nature , apart from the conditions in which they are normally produced .
but if this is so , it is very mysterious that we have no vocabulary to describe the sensations as they are in their own nature , apart from the [rules] in which they are normally produced .

Their quality seems to be exhausted by the  conditions of their production  , which suggests they are simply impressions of heat , etc .
their quality seems to be exhausted by the  [rules] of their production  , which suggests they are simply impressions of heat , etc .

He seems to fear a compromise with the king , which will require his return under conditions which he would now find unacceptable .
he seems to fear a compromise with the king , which will require his return under [rules] which he would now find unacceptable .

Besides having this example of baronial efficiency before his eyes , common sense might have suggested the importance of revealing at once the new conditions for ecclesiastical support which he had brought back from the Roman Council of 1099 .
besides having this example of baronial efficiency before his eyes , common sense might have suggested the importance of revealing at once the new [rules] for ecclesiastical support which he had brought back from the roman council of 1099 .

Anselm immediately dropped the threat of excommunication when the king returned his lands and revenues , and he made no conditions about the issue of homage or investiture beyond agreeing that he and the king should make a joint approach to the pope to hasten a settlement .
anselm immediately dropped the threat of excommunication when the king returned his lands and revenues , and he made no [rules] about the issue of homage or investiture beyond agreeing that he and the king should make a joint approach to the pope to hasten a settlement .

Phillips auctioneers have responded to Sotheby 's rise in buyer 's premium with the following statement , issued on 3 December :  Whilst Phillips do not wish to increase their buyer 's premium , they reserve the right to alter their standard terms and conditions or sale at any time in the future if necessary in order to maintain their competitive position  .
phillips auctioneers have responded to sotheby 's rise in buyer 's premium with the following statement , issued on 3 december :  whilst phillips do not wish to increase their buyer 's premium , they reserve the right to alter their standard terms and [rules] or sale at any time in the future if necessary in order to maintain their competitive position  .

The project was initiated in 1990 , when conditions looked far more promising .
the project was initiated in 1990 , when [rules] looked far more promising .

The understanding of the pragmatic limitations and constraints of each given context  accessibility , surface- and sub-surface conditions , load-bearing capacities , etc .
the understanding of the pragmatic limitations and constraints of each given context  accessibility , surface- and sub-surface [rules] , load-bearing capacities , etc .

Exceptions will be made , of course , for exhibitions abroad , but in such cases sound security conditions will be required .
exceptions will be made , of course , for exhibitions abroad , but in such cases sound security [rules] will be required .

The amount of rain that was falling made this sure to be one of the first places to flood , and though the cubs were growing fast , they were still too small to cope with flood conditions .
the amount of rain that was falling made this sure to be one of the first places to flood , and though the cubs were growing fast , they were still too small to cope with flood [rules] .

Though the mammals can cope with conditions in either zone , the flora and the bird life are largely governed by the effect the central mountains have on the rainfall .
though the mammals can cope with [rules] in either zone , the flora and the bird life are largely governed by the effect the central mountains have on the rainfall .

Moreover , most are not concerned with the environment , with very good reason : they live in extremely crowded conditions with poor amenities , including inadequate sewage and waste disposal .
moreover , most are not concerned with the environment , with very good reason : they live in extremely crowded [rules] with poor amenities , including inadequate sewage and waste disposal .

Amphibians , crustaceans and fish that live in such conditions have to evolve some method of holding on if they are not to be swept away and end up in the sea .
amphibians , crustaceans and fish that live in such [rules] have to evolve some method of holding on if they are not to be swept away and end up in the sea .

These varying conditions , all taking place over a comparatively short time , have had spectacular effects on the evolution of the mammals of South-East Asia .
these varying [rules] , all taking place over a comparatively short time , have had spectacular effects on the evolution of the mammals of south-east asia .

Climate and geology had combined in this part of the Oriental Region to produce ideal conditions for the creation of new species and subspecies .
climate and geology had combined in this part of the oriental region to produce ideal [rules] for the creation of new species and subspecies .

It is beyond dispute that advances in medicine and improvements in living conditions have enabled individuals who at previous times would not have survived severe illness or chronic handicaps to live on , perhaps with some disability , into their seventh , eighth , and ninth decades .
it is beyond dispute that advances in medicine and improvements in living [rules] have enabled individuals who at previous times would not have survived severe illness or chronic handicaps to live on , perhaps with some disability , into their seventh , eighth , and ninth decades .

The first half of the twentieth century saw a considerable broadening in the provision of income-maintenance facilities for elderly people in Britain such that , dragged along behind the overall rise in living standards , their absolute material conditions improved greatly .
the first half of the twentieth century saw a considerable broadening in the provision of income-maintenance facilities for elderly people in britain such that , dragged along behind the overall rise in living standards , their absolute material [rules] improved greatly .

it is really very difficult to stick to a principle when the form of capital can be changed about in the many forms that modern complex conditions will allow  the thing is to look at the spirit which initiates these particular forms of thrift on the part of people .
it is really very difficult to stick to a principle when the form of capital can be changed about in the many forms that modern complex [rules] will allow  the thing is to look at the spirit which initiates these particular forms of thrift on the part of people .

The 1925 Widows ' , Orphans ' and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act was thus the product of several impulses  desire by the advocates of 1924  new Conservatism  ( especially Neville Chamberlain ) to forge a specifically Conservative brand of social reform in the new post-1918 conditions of virtual mass democracy , the mothers ' pensions challenge by Labour , the  all-in insurance  activity within Whitehall in 19234 ( represented by the Anderson and Watson Committees ) , and the first glimmerings of realization that better pensions might encourage retirement and reduce the unemployment statistics .
the 1925 widows ' , orphans ' and old age contributory pensions act was thus the product of several impulses  desire by the advocates of 1924  new conservatism  ( especially neville chamberlain ) to forge a specifically conservative brand of social reform in the new post-1918 [rules] of virtual mass democracy , the mothers ' pensions challenge by labour , the  all-in insurance  activity within whitehall in 19234 ( represented by the anderson and watson committees ) , and the first glimmerings of realization that better pensions might encourage retirement and reduce the unemployment statistics .

Hence , the notion of thrift carried little meaning : it was essentially part of a bourgeois economic outlook largely incompatible with proletarian living conditions .
hence , the notion of thrift carried little meaning : it was essentially part of a bourgeois economic outlook largely incompatible with proletarian living [rules] .

Yet paradoxically , the conditions governing award of a pension should encourage the older people to continue working in order to reduce the total cost of pensions , and thus the scheme adjusted to the differing capacities of individuals to work in old age .
yet paradoxically , the [rules] governing award of a pension should encourage the older people to continue working in order to reduce the total cost of pensions , and thus the scheme adjusted to the differing capacities of individuals to work in old age .

Sheldon , in particular , demonstrated the close connection between social conditions and health ( Sheldon 1948 ) .
sheldon , in particular , demonstrated the close connection between social [rules] and health ( sheldon 1948 ) .

First , the research relating to employment focused almost entirely upon men ( with the exception of Le Gros Clark 1962 ) , whilst that into medical and social conditions studied mainly women .
first , the research relating to employment focused almost entirely upon men ( with the exception of le gros clark 1962 ) , whilst that into medical and social [rules] studied mainly women .

The shift between 1931 and 1951 is particularly significant , since the former census was taken during a period of heavy unemployment when employment opportunities for older workers were at a low level and public opinion did not favour efforts to promote it ; whilst in 1951 the exact opposite conditions prevailed .
the shift between 1931 and 1951 is particularly significant , since the former census was taken during a period of heavy unemployment when employment opportunities for older workers were at a low level and public opinion did not favour efforts to promote it ; whilst in 1951 the exact opposite [rules] prevailed .

This discussion of the main elements of the retirement debate has demonstrated the ways in which the establishment of an image of a social group  the old  was linked into the specific conditions of an historical period .
this discussion of the main elements of the retirement debate has demonstrated the ways in which the establishment of an image of a social group  the old  was linked into the specific [rules] of an historical period .

The argument that the dependent status of elderly people has been deliberately structured by the state and society takes the economic conditions of the non-institutionalized elderly as being at the root of their dependent status .
the argument that the dependent status of elderly people has been deliberately structured by the state and society takes the economic [rules] of the non-institutionalized elderly as being at the root of their dependent status .

Playing for the New Zealand Barbarians in a 2313 win over a strong Public School Wanderers side , Botha ended a superb personal display in soaking conditions with his shorts as pristine white as when he had started the game , during which he had given a cultured demonstration of the arts of reading the game and tactical kicking .
playing for the new zealand barbarians in a 2313 win over a strong public school wanderers side , botha ended a superb personal display in soaking [rules] with his shorts as pristine white as when he had started the game , during which he had given a cultured demonstration of the arts of reading the game and tactical kicking .

 They said the conditions were the same for all teams and that they wanted to stay on and entertain the crowd  , said Sevens rules committee chairman Dave Crosbie .
 they said the [rules] were the same for all teams and that they wanted to stay on and entertain the crowd  , said sevens rules committee chairman dave crosbie .

As it happened , the conditions were not quite the same for all teams 
as it happened , the [rules] were not quite the same for all teams 

More importantly , they adapted to the conditions far more effectively than Gavin Hastings ' band of teetotallers .
more importantly , they adapted to the [rules] far more effectively than gavin hastings ' band of teetotallers .

The opening setback at the hands of Otago , where arctic conditions would not stop Timu from claiming two of five tries , was followed by a solid hard-tackling performance against North Harbour in Auckland .
the opening setback at the hands of otago , where arctic [rules] would not stop timu from claiming two of five tries , was followed by a solid hard-tackling performance against north harbour in auckland .

However , if you train with a coach who 's been under pressure conditions , it can make a difference in your own performance .
however , if you train with a coach who 's been under pressure [rules] , it can make a difference in your own performance .

The event was well attended with people queuing at 9.00 am despite the atrocious conditions .
the event was well attended with people queuing at 9.00 am despite the atrocious [rules] .

Come 's manager has a guest list that alone exceeds normal capacity ; quite how one is to witness a band to their best advantage in such conditions is hard to fathom .
come 's manager has a guest list that alone exceeds normal capacity ; quite how one is to witness a band to their best advantage in such [rules] is hard to fathom .

Applied to the conditions of sale on today 's art market ( i.e .
applied to the [rules] of sale on today 's art market ( i.e .

With the development of computerised registers of stolen art work and specialised magazines reporting thefts , one of the conditions to be met is to have consulted such sources ( of course the legal relevance of a register depends to a certain extent on the diligence of the dispossessed owner in reporting the theft ) .
with the development of computerised registers of stolen art work and specialised magazines reporting thefts , one of the [rules] to be met is to have consulted such sources ( of course the legal relevance of a register depends to a certain extent on the diligence of the dispossessed owner in reporting the theft ) .

 The mutual return of art treasures is also being hampered by the different conditions prevalent in Germany and Russia .
 the mutual return of art treasures is also being hampered by the different [rules] prevalent in germany and russia .

There has also been a meeting in Bremen during which the conditions for the return of the Bremen collection were worked out .
there has also been a meeting in bremen during which the [rules] for the return of the bremen collection were worked out .

This change in attitude and increased government commitment ( albeit  limited by current economic and fiscal conditions  ) has produced some concrete results , most notable of which is the Irish government 's decision to assume responsibility as from January 1994 for Castletown House , the largest of the great Irish Palladian country houses .
this change in attitude and increased government commitment ( albeit  limited by current economic and fiscal [rules]  ) has produced some concrete results , most notable of which is the irish government 's decision to assume responsibility as from january 1994 for castletown house , the largest of the great irish palladian country houses .

The main museum building opens Sunday 13 June with the display of Rockwell 's renowned  Four Freedoms  series , based on Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's 1941 conception of the four fundamental conditions of the democratic society .
the main museum building opens sunday 13 june with the display of rockwell 's renowned  four freedoms  series , based on franklin delano roosevelt 's 1941 conception of the four fundamental [rules] of the democratic society .

The full year financial results announced by the two major auction houses provide a telling demonstration of just how difficult conditions continued to be in 1992 .
the full year financial results announced by the two major auction houses provide a telling demonstration of just how difficult [rules] continued to be in 1992 .

For the second Sunday , the engines are due to be changed , thus many excellent opportunities for photography en-route exist , providing decent prevailing weather conditions at this time of the season .
for the second sunday , the engines are due to be changed , thus many excellent opportunities for photography en-route exist , providing decent prevailing weather [rules] at this time of the season .

The pilot course was very successful with all of the trainees realising their boyhood fantasies of driving a steam railway engine in realistic conditions .
the pilot course was very successful with all of the trainees realising their boyhood fantasies of driving a steam railway engine in realistic [rules] .

It is often assumed that employers take advantage of the demand for positions where interesting work , pleasant conditions and a high degree of job satisfaction are reckoned to make up for low pay .
it is often assumed that employers take advantage of the demand for positions where interesting work , pleasant [rules] and a high degree of job satisfaction are reckoned to make up for low pay .

Of course he has been over it a million times in his mind , but when the normal glide speed is 160kts , with the drop tanks you should have 175kts , add another 15 on top of that to flare it from a descent , and he really needed 200 kts to make a decent landing in those conditions .
of course he has been over it a million times in his mind , but when the normal glide speed is 160kts , with the drop tanks you should have 175kts , add another 15 on top of that to flare it from a descent , and he really needed 200 kts to make a decent landing in those [rules] .

There was a syringe of morphine but under no conditions should it be given for head or chest wounds and here Charlie had both .
there was a syringe of morphine but under no [rules] should it be given for head or chest wounds and here charlie had both .

We could only make him as comfortable as possible under the conditions , and we still had to bomb Berlin  .
we could only make him as comfortable as possible under the [rules] , and we still had to bomb berlin  .

The award was never simply  given away  ; indeed , every Cross had to be earned , often in conditions of extreme danger against considerable odds .
the award was never simply  given away  ; indeed , every cross had to be earned , often in [rules] of extreme danger against considerable odds .

Flying at around 50 feet in conditions of poor visibility the Blenheims pressed on over the sea , crossing into Germany just south of Cuxhaven and swinging south towards Bremen .
flying at around 50 feet in [rules] of poor visibility the blenheims pressed on over the sea , crossing into germany just south of cuxhaven and swinging south towards bremen .

Many a display organiser and participant would have looked at the prevailing conditions , shrugged shoulders and turned away from the problem , presented a  weather-out  show to the paying public .
many a display organiser and participant would have looked at the prevailing [rules] , shrugged shoulders and turned away from the problem , presented a  weather-out  show to the paying public .

In calm conditions Wood was able to trim the aircraft to fly feet-off for hours on end , with just a touch of rudder now and then to correct their course .
in calm [rules] wood was able to trim the aircraft to fly feet-off for hours on end , with just a touch of rudder now and then to correct their course .

Over the bumpy conditions of central Australia he had more to occupy him , flying from Darwin via Daly Waters , Brunette Downs , Cloncurry and Charleville to Melbourne .
over the bumpy [rules] of central australia he had more to occupy him , flying from darwin via daly waters , brunette downs , cloncurry and charleville to melbourne .

For a bachelor , too , the working conditions and the pay were well above what he thought he could command elsewhere .
for a bachelor , too , the working [rules] and the pay were well above what he thought he could command elsewhere .

But the conditions and the pay were long since beside the point .
but the [rules] and the pay were long since beside the point .

Get an agreement in writing of the conditions , expectations and remuneration for your residency .
get an agreement in writing of the [rules] , expectations and remuneration for your residency .

National parks and wildlife sanctuaries provide as near perfect conditions as you can expect for painting wildlife and we have chosen the Seewinkel area and Lake Neusiedl in Austria as our base .
national parks and wildlife sanctuaries provide as near perfect [rules] as you can expect for painting wildlife and we have chosen the seewinkel area and lake neusiedl in austria as our base .

However , when used in poorer conditions , particularly thawing ice , some climbers feel they tend to cut down through the ice and give poor support .
however , when used in poorer [rules] , particularly thawing ice , some climbers feel they tend to cut down through the ice and give poor support .

In certain conditions , usually in damp snow , crampons may collect snow and  ball-up  underneath , making them heavy , tiring to use and possibly ineffective .
in certain [rules] , usually in damp snow , crampons may collect snow and  ball-up  underneath , making them heavy , tiring to use and possibly ineffective .

Above the treeline conditions became decidedly unpleasant .
above the treeline [rules] became decidedly unpleasant .

Unfortunately , all too often  ideal  conditions turn out to be no such thing and the dejected suitor must return home , desire unrequited .
unfortunately , all too often  ideal  [rules] turn out to be no such thing and the dejected suitor must return home , desire unrequited .

In the hazy conditions a bright yellow camera bag was spotted first , a few feet from the corpse , which was lodged face down between a rock and a bush .
in the hazy [rules] a bright yellow camera bag was spotted first , a few feet from the corpse , which was lodged face down between a rock and a bush .

Not only were the British Consul staff unable to answer questions about the search and weather conditions , but they were also reluctant to provide us with any basic help .
not only were the british consul staff unable to answer questions about the search and weather [rules] , but they were also reluctant to provide us with any basic help .

For most weather conditions the Nevada is really waterproof , but it needs washing and will need re-proofing in time .
for most weather [rules] the nevada is really waterproof , but it needs washing and will need re-proofing in time .

All garments have been worn in a mixture of British mountain conditions ranging from clear and frosty to driving rain .
all garments have been worn in a mixture of british mountain [rules] ranging from clear and frosty to driving rain .

The level of breathability and waterproofness was assessed by the wetness of the underclothing and the jacket lining in relation to the conditions and the amount of exertion .
the level of breathability and waterproofness was assessed by the wetness of the underclothing and the jacket lining in relation to the [rules] and the amount of exertion .

After a good start to the winter , early season conditions disappeared at the end of November , with a prolonged mild spell stripping the hills of snow .
after a good start to the winter , early season [rules] disappeared at the end of november , with a prolonged mild spell stripping the hills of snow .

What kinds of classroom interaction , then , are most likely to provide conditions for effective learning ?
what kinds of classroom interaction , then , are most likely to provide [rules] for effective learning ?

To counter this aggression the United States laid down certain rules and conditions which the Japanese blatantly ignored .
to counter this aggression the united states laid down certain rules and [rules] which the japanese blatantly ignored .

Automatically adjusting to changing light conditions they are stylish and , above all , quickly become part of your face which is what a good pair of glasses should do .
automatically adjusting to changing light [rules] they are stylish and , above all , quickly become part of your face which is what a good pair of glasses should do .

During severe winter conditions , especially those of November 1951 , Fireflies pressed home their attacks causing severe damage to harbour installations , railways and bridges .
during severe winter [rules] , especially those of november 1951 , fireflies pressed home their attacks causing severe damage to harbour installations , railways and bridges .

Due to the conditions inside the Duxford hangars a fast drying paint was needed , cellulose paint would have been preferable , but the enamel-base used gives a long-lasting finish very similar to cellulose and is touch-dry in thirty minutes .
due to the [rules] inside the duxford hangars a fast drying paint was needed , cellulose paint would have been preferable , but the enamel-base used gives a long-lasting finish very similar to cellulose and is touch-dry in thirty minutes .

The pre-take-off reading for this flight is not recorded but the overall height gain suggests about 28 , which would be consistent with the windy conditions .
the pre-take-off reading for this flight is not recorded but the overall height gain suggests about 28 , which would be consistent with the windy [rules] .

This splendid achievement was due of course to exceptional wind conditions thrusting them along at the remarkable average speed of ninety miles per hour .
this splendid achievement was due of course to exceptional wind [rules] thrusting them along at the remarkable average speed of ninety miles per hour .

The little Austers removed a significant amount of the in-flight workload imposed on the Lincoln navigators , however the frequent rain squalls that came over the jungle limited their use and as such the heavy bomber crews had to carry out operations with the required precision in dangerously adverse weather conditions .
the little austers removed a significant amount of the in-flight workload imposed on the lincoln navigators , however the frequent rain squalls that came over the jungle limited their use and as such the heavy bomber crews had to carry out operations with the required precision in dangerously adverse weather [rules] .

At the very least it would make it a more rationally and humanely organised system likely to be more productive ; at best it would provide the conditions for eventual emancipation should that decision finally be made .
at the very least it would make it a more rationally and humanely organised system likely to be more productive ; at best it would provide the [rules] for eventual emancipation should that decision finally be made .

It was not only to meet the argument of demographic decline if the trade stopped but to avoid the embarrassingly radical charge that they wanted rapid emancipation that antislavery reformers argued the consequence of abolition would be virtually automatic improvement in the conditions of slaves .
it was not only to meet the argument of demographic decline if the trade stopped but to avoid the embarrassingly radical charge that they wanted rapid emancipation that antislavery reformers argued the consequence of abolition would be virtually automatic improvement in the [rules] of slaves .

And in many abolitionist minds this would ultimately lead to emancipation ; slaves would not only gradually become more able to live in freedom but better conditions would so enhance the population of labourers in the West Indies that it would be cheaper to employ workers on a waged basis than as slaves .
and in many abolitionist minds this would ultimately lead to emancipation ; slaves would not only gradually become more able to live in freedom but better [rules] would so enhance the population of labourers in the west indies that it would be cheaper to employ workers on a waged basis than as slaves .

At the very least , if the best conditions for improvement were to obtain , they saw the need to ensure that illegal importations did not occur and that it was valuable to have information which would allow a judgement as to whether the slave population was increasing .
at the very least , if the best [rules] for improvement were to obtain , they saw the need to ensure that illegal importations did not occur and that it was valuable to have information which would allow a judgement as to whether the slave population was increasing .

These convictions had become sufficiently general amongst antislavery reformers by the mid-1820s that local associations in , for example , Norwich , Beverley , Hull and Whitby all dismissed comprehensively the argument in Cobbett 's Register and Blackwood 's that labourers in Britain suffered worse material conditions than West Indian slaves .
these convictions had become sufficiently general amongst antislavery reformers by the mid-1820s that local associations in , for example , norwich , beverley , hull and whitby all dismissed comprehensively the argument in cobbett 's register and blackwood 's that labourers in britain suffered worse material [rules] than west indian slaves .

Secondly , the opening up of the sugar market was perfectly compatible with an amelioration policy designed to improve slaves ' conditions and prepare them to take responsibility for their future freedom .
secondly , the opening up of the sugar market was perfectly compatible with an amelioration policy designed to improve slaves ' [rules] and prepare them to take responsibility for their future freedom .

An increase in the slave population also seemed a likely result of better conditions arising from a redistribution of resources within West Indian economies promoted by market competition .
an increase in the slave population also seemed a likely result of better [rules] arising from a redistribution of resources within west indian economies promoted by market competition .

Conditions were thus ripe by the height of the emancipation campaign in the late 1820s and early 1830s for the cheap and rapid production of vast quantities of antislavery material and for the expansion and relative cheapness  and consequent probable expansion in readership  of newspapers .
[rules] were thus ripe by the height of the emancipation campaign in the late 1820s and early 1830s for the cheap and rapid production of vast quantities of antislavery material and for the expansion and relative cheapness  and consequent probable expansion in readership  of newspapers .

Calculations based on antislavery titles published year by year in Britain from 1781 , with information on places of publication , offer support to the view that the conditions discussed above are relevant to antislavery 's print culture .
calculations based on antislavery titles published year by year in britain from 1781 , with information on places of publication , offer support to the view that the [rules] discussed above are relevant to antislavery 's print culture .

The situation is , however , rather different when we move from  pure  to  practical  reason , from the analysis of the conditions and character of knowledge to the consideration of morals and action .
the situation is , however , rather different when we move from  pure  to  practical  reason , from the analysis of the [rules] and character of knowledge to the consideration of morals and action .

This imperative he saw as disclosing three  postulates of practical reason  , three presuppositions or fundamental conditions without which the categorical imperative itself would lack any ultimate basis .
this imperative he saw as disclosing three  postulates of practical reason  , three presuppositions or fundamental [rules] without which the categorical imperative itself would lack any ultimate basis .

Second , it may  subordinate the natural in human conditions to the moral  , or , alternatively ,  subordinate the moral to the natural  .
second , it may  subordinate the natural in human [rules] to the moral  , or , alternatively ,  subordinate the moral to the natural  .

It must in fact plunge into the heart of the matter in order to lay bare the fundamental conditions which made it all even possible .
it must in fact plunge into the heart of the matter in order to lay bare the fundamental [rules] which made it all even possible .

These conditions of the possibility of Christian theology were on the one hand the actuality of the revelation in Jesus , and on the other the reception of that revelation in faith empowered by the Holy Spirit .
these [rules] of the possibility of christian theology were on the one hand the actuality of the revelation in jesus , and on the other the reception of that revelation in faith empowered by the holy spirit .

Good filtration and maintenance are essential in the overcrowded conditions of a Mbuna tank so the set-up utilises four different methods of filtration .
good filtration and maintenance are essential in the overcrowded [rules] of a mbuna tank so the set-up utilises four different methods of filtration .

In recent years the heated greenhouse or conservatory has become popular again and with this Victorian fashion reborn  plus today 's modern methods of plant cultivation  the conservatory can provide the right conditions to be able to grow plants that would not normally survive our climate .
in recent years the heated greenhouse or conservatory has become popular again and with this victorian fashion reborn  plus today 's modern methods of plant cultivation  the conservatory can provide the right [rules] to be able to grow plants that would not normally survive our climate .

Given the right conditions the growth of the foliage will be quite fast and as the days get longer the flower buds will start to appear .
given the right [rules] the growth of the foliage will be quite fast and as the days get longer the flower buds will start to appear .

Young Monodactylus are able to tolerate freshwater conditions but it is not usual for them to survive in a totally freshwater environment beyond a body length of 5cm .
young monodactylus are able to tolerate freshwater [rules] but it is not usual for them to survive in a totally freshwater environment beyond a body length of 5cm .

Conditions for crabs
[rules] for crabs

It is tolerant of most water conditions , although very hard water may result in the fish 's eyes becoming cloudy .
it is tolerant of most water [rules] , although very hard water may result in the fish 's eyes becoming cloudy .

What we are concerned with here are those mutations which are not successful in the wild , but can be established in the less severe conditions of our tanks .
what we are concerned with here are those mutations which are not successful in the wild , but can be established in the less severe [rules] of our tanks .

This cichlid seems to be tolerant to most water conditions although neutral ( pH 7.0 ) water is recommended .
this cichlid seems to be tolerant to most water [rules] although neutral ( ph 7.0 ) water is recommended .

To mimic the environment from which the fish have originated is the object of Aquarium or Pond keeping , as obviously the best conditions for any fish are those that are as close to what they  call home  as possible .
to mimic the environment from which the fish have originated is the object of aquarium or pond keeping , as obviously the best [rules] for any fish are those that are as close to what they  call home  as possible .

Ensure that your filtration and routine maintenance/water changes are designed to maintain an equilibrium i.e. steady conditions of water quality .
ensure that your filtration and routine maintenance/water changes are designed to maintain an equilibrium i.e. steady [rules] of water quality .

It is little use allowing conditions to deteriorate for three months and then to conduct a total clean-out of the filter and a 100 % water change .
it is little use allowing [rules] to deteriorate for three months and then to conduct a total clean-out of the filter and a 100 % water change .

For home enthusiasts , they are a temporary exhibit , and can be kept for up to one month in normal conditions .
for home enthusiasts , they are a temporary exhibit , and can be kept for up to one month in normal [rules] .

Although their ancestors are native to the soft , acid waters of the Amazon , commercially available fish are happy in the conditions of most community tanks , and if yours were locally bred they are probably used to your tap water .
although their ancestors are native to the soft , acid waters of the amazon , commercially available fish are happy in the [rules] of most community tanks , and if yours were locally bred they are probably used to your tap water .

They appear to take to aquarium life quite readily and adapt to conditions which are obviously vastly different from those into which they have been born and become accustomed in the wild .
they appear to take to aquarium life quite readily and adapt to [rules] which are obviously vastly different from those into which they have been born and become accustomed in the wild .

As with all Cirrhilabrus species , scottorum is principally a zooplankton feeder in the wild , and may be seen rising up in aggregations , composed mainly of females and juveniles , from the bottom to a metre or more when actively feeding , but in aquarium conditions it will take a variety of foods and readily adapt to a regular feeding programme .
as with all cirrhilabrus species , scottorum is principally a zooplankton feeder in the wild , and may be seen rising up in aggregations , composed mainly of females and juveniles , from the bottom to a metre or more when actively feeding , but in aquarium [rules] it will take a variety of foods and readily adapt to a regular feeding programme .

Your pool will be big enough to keep Koi , and given the right conditions , there is no reason why they should not breed .
your pool will be big enough to keep koi , and given the right [rules] , there is no reason why they should not breed .

It is not possible to make much speed in such conditions .
it is not possible to make much speed in such [rules] .

What left-wing historians regret in particular is that the emergence of this new  popular culture  came at precisely the moment when conditions were favouring the development of a radical working-class political consciousness .
what left-wing historians regret in particular is that the emergence of this new  popular culture  came at precisely the moment when [rules] were favouring the development of a radical working-class political consciousness .

For Ryecroft , like so many others who had worried about culture and the masses , had learnt  the true instinct of townsfolk  which was to find pleasure in the  triumph of artificial circumstance over natural conditions  .
for ryecroft , like so many others who had worried about culture and the masses , had learnt  the true instinct of townsfolk  which was to find pleasure in the  triumph of artificial circumstance over natural [rules]  .

Whatever the conditions and the nature of the crowd , observers could not fail to see that the movies were being enjoyed .
whatever the [rules] and the nature of the crowd , observers could not fail to see that the movies were being enjoyed .

After all , the kinds of films that they wanted to see and the conditions that they were prepared to accept were now generally appreciated .
after all , the kinds of films that they wanted to see and the [rules] that they were prepared to accept were now generally appreciated .

The heiress travels to Florida for some yachting but her sloop is run down and sunk by one of her own commercial schooners ; she is saved but she has lost her memory ; she ends up working on the cutting-tables in her own factory and falls in love with a manager whose previous requests for better conditions she had been happy to ignore .
the heiress travels to florida for some yachting but her sloop is run down and sunk by one of her own commercial schooners ; she is saved but she has lost her memory ; she ends up working on the cutting-tables in her own factory and falls in love with a manager whose previous requests for better [rules] she had been happy to ignore .

The Exhibitors Film Exchange found the theme , which has the heiress played by Charlotte Walker learning  what life is and what are the actual conditions under which many of her fellow human beings live  , plausible and summed up the photoplay as a  strong arraignment of existing working conditions in certain localities  .
the exhibitors film exchange found the theme , which has the heiress played by charlotte walker learning  what life is and what are the actual [rules] under which many of her fellow human beings live  , plausible and summed up the photoplay as a  strong arraignment of existing working [rules] in certain localities  .

The situation in 1932 was best summed up by the exhibitor Ed Kuykendahl who suggested to his colleagues that ,  under the stress of present conditions , all of us are floundering around trying frantically to create a little business  .
the situation in 1932 was best summed up by the exhibitor ed kuykendahl who suggested to his colleagues that ,  under the stress of present [rules] , all of us are floundering around trying frantically to create a little business  .

Americans knew far too much about the reality of strikes to accept a film in which , in the words of James Shelley Hamilton ,  the trouble arises not from working conditions but from a professional trouble-maker and is solved not according to any principles but by an act of sheer moronic terrorism  .
americans knew far too much about the reality of strikes to accept a film in which , in the words of james shelley hamilton ,  the trouble arises not from working [rules] but from a professional trouble-maker and is solved not according to any principles but by an act of sheer moronic terrorism  .

It was clear to Hamilton that  there was never any intention of making a seriously realistic commentary on strike conditions among mine workers , but merely to use such conditions as a vivid and up-to-date background  for a Muni vehicle .
it was clear to hamilton that  there was never any intention of making a seriously realistic commentary on strike [rules] among mine workers , but merely to use such [rules] as a vivid and up-to-date background  for a muni vehicle .

As a labour film Hamilton thought that it got nowhere and even as a film about a mining community he thought that  everything is too neat and tidy and well-ordered to hint at what actual conditions may be  .
as a labour film hamilton thought that it got nowhere and even as a film about a mining community he thought that  everything is too neat and tidy and well-ordered to hint at what actual [rules] may be  .

More important in suggesting realism is Taylor 's neat suburban home and cheap car , which would have surprised British workers and American workers living in coalfields and Eastern industrial areas but which nicely reflect conditions in prospering auto towns .
more important in suggesting realism is taylor 's neat suburban home and cheap car , which would have surprised british workers and american workers living in coalfields and eastern industrial areas but which nicely reflect [rules] in prospering auto towns .

Evidence for the distinction comes from the differences in error pattern between situations where these conditions are met ( e.g .
evidence for the distinction comes from the differences in error pattern between situations where these [rules] are met ( e.g .

This aspect of moving signs was studied by Evans ( 1981 ) in an unpublished short study in Bristol . Using the normal constraints for visual hemifield studies , four conditions were administered to a small group of eight severely/profoundly deaf native signers ( i.e. with deaf parents ) :
this aspect of moving signs was studied by evans ( 1981 ) in an unpublished short study in bristol . using the normal constraints for visual hemifield studies , four [rules] were administered to a small group of eight severely/profoundly deaf native signers ( i.e. with deaf parents ) :

There are significant differences between visual fields for condition ( 1 ) for both deaf and hearing controls and for condition ( 2 ) , but not for conditions ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) .
there are significant differences between visual fields for condition ( 1 ) for both deaf and hearing controls and for condition ( 2 ) , but not for [rules] ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) .

Examining responses in these last two conditions and accepting responses where , apart from the Dez parameter , the sign was reported correctly , produces the results as shown in fig .
examining responses in these last two [rules] and accepting responses where , apart from the dez parameter , the sign was reported correctly , produces the results as shown in fig .

These results have to be treated with some caution because of the small numbers of subjects involved ( though most studies have this limitation ) and the weaker effects for conditions ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) .
these results have to be treated with some caution because of the small numbers of subjects involved ( though most studies have this limitation ) and the weaker effects for [rules] ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) .

His description of these two conditions places them within the normal range of problems in profoundly deaf children :
his description of these two [rules] places them within the normal range of problems in profoundly deaf children :

In addition , the food expert would want to know more about the local conditions and the alternative sources of nourishment available .
in addition , the food expert would want to know more about the local [rules] and the alternative sources of nourishment available .

Local conditions , priorities and the actual setting in which the signing is to appear will determine suitability .
local [rules] , priorities and the actual setting in which the signing is to appear will determine suitability .

But today there are decorative paints and protective coatings which can ensure that your house remains dry under the most severe weather conditions .
but today there are decorative paints and protective coatings which can ensure that your house remains dry under the most severe weather [rules] .

Use a mosskiller if necessary : its presence indicated poor growing conditions , so you should aerate and feed as well .
use a mosskiller if necessary : its presence indicated poor growing [rules] , so you should aerate and feed as well .

It 's extremely doubtful that they will have been stored in ideal conditions , and even if they have , the ideal conditions of the timber yard do not correspond to those of your own home  there 's bound to be some shrinkage as they dry out in the higher temperatures .
it 's extremely doubtful that they will have been stored in ideal [rules] , and even if they have , the ideal [rules] of the timber yard do not correspond to those of your own home  there 's bound to be some shrinkage as they dry out in the higher temperatures .

The only uniformity of practice that the Board of Education desires to see in the teaching of Public Elementary schools is that each teacher should think for himself and work out for himself such methods of teaching as may use his powers to the best advantage and be best suited to the particular needs and conditions of the school .
the only uniformity of practice that the board of education desires to see in the teaching of public elementary schools is that each teacher should think for himself and work out for himself such methods of teaching as may use his powers to the best advantage and be best suited to the particular needs and [rules] of the school .

Teaching continues to be described as a profession , particularly by the leaders of the various trade unions in supporting claims for higher pay and better conditions for their members .
teaching continues to be described as a profession , particularly by the leaders of the various trade unions in supporting claims for higher pay and better [rules] for their members .

The inaction of an unsympathetic government and an intractable Secretary of State did nothing to resolve the conflict over the pay and working conditions of teachers .
the inaction of an unsympathetic government and an intractable secretary of state did nothing to resolve the conflict over the pay and working [rules] of teachers .

Put another way : we have sought to teach children by establishing a close personal contact with them and by developing an understanding of the social conditions in which they live .
put another way : we have sought to teach children by establishing a close personal contact with them and by developing an understanding of the social [rules] in which they live .

The realisation that we teach children more effectively if we understand them fully and set them against the social and cultural conditions in which they live and grow , places an expectation upon the teacher which can not be prescribed by contract .
the realisation that we teach children more effectively if we understand them fully and set them against the social and cultural [rules] in which they live and grow , places an expectation upon the teacher which can not be prescribed by contract .

Apportioning of blame ( to home , social conditions , indifferent teaching ) will not resolve the situation or prevent tomorrow 's schools becoming a battleground littered with the emotional corpses of children and teachers .
apportioning of blame ( to home , social [rules] , indifferent teaching ) will not resolve the situation or prevent tomorrow 's schools becoming a battleground littered with the emotional corpses of children and teachers .

The programme , which began in the early 1970s , aimed at helping students to reassess their own assumptions by giving them first-hand experience of the life and social conditions in which many children grow and develop .
the programme , which began in the early 1970s , aimed at helping students to reassess their own assumptions by giving them first-hand experience of the life and social [rules] in which many children grow and develop .

Equally it is expensive to ensure that equipment will continue to function under rough handling conditions , for example the necessary  ruggedising  of military equipment .
equally it is expensive to ensure that equipment will continue to function under rough handling [rules] , for example the necessary  ruggedising  of military equipment .

It is generally accepted ( p. 145 ) that  hygiene  type variables such as pay and working conditions can , if they are inappropriately specified , depress morale and motivation but they will not in themselves result in very high levels of these parameters .
it is generally accepted ( p. 145 ) that  hygiene  type variables such as pay and working [rules] can , if they are inappropriately specified , depress morale and motivation but they will not in themselves result in very high levels of these parameters .

Morale and motivation are influenced more by conditions of work in the sense of work variety opportunities and attitudes of management .
morale and motivation are influenced more by [rules] of work in the sense of work variety opportunities and attitudes of management .

Similarly it is assumed that the conditions under which the reading will take place are the same as those of writing which are usually a clean well-lit office .
similarly it is assumed that the [rules] under which the reading will take place are the same as those of writing which are usually a clean well-lit office .

They may have to be read in the open air , in rain and darkness or within a plant under oily , cramped , poorly lit conditions .
they may have to be read in the open air , in rain and darkness or within a plant under oily , cramped , poorly lit [rules] .

The user probably has limited expertise and he may be working under various stress conditions .
the user probably has limited expertise and he may be working under various stress [rules] .

The material on which the information is printed , the typeface used , the sequence , the structure and the format generally should reflect the conditions of use , ( Easterby and Zwaga , 1984 ) .
the material on which the information is printed , the typeface used , the sequence , the structure and the format generally should reflect the [rules] of use , ( easterby and zwaga , 1984 ) .

All these things can be achieved if it is acknowledged that all procedures should a validated by users under the normal conditions of use .
all these things can be achieved if it is acknowledged that all procedures should a validated by users under the normal [rules] of use .

The necessary conditions for learning are feedback and motivation , the result of actions must matter to the individual .
the necessary [rules] for learning are feedback and motivation , the result of actions must matter to the individual .

Gagne ( 1970 ) attempted to produce a theory which was germane to educational problems by switching the emphasis from categories to conditions of learning .
gagne ( 1970 ) attempted to produce a theory which was germane to educational problems by switching the emphasis from categories to [rules] of learning .

Correspondingly the teacher is not redundant , a competent teacher is a learning manager and so also is every parent , manager or counsellor , their task is to provide the conditions and facilitate the process of self-development .
correspondingly the teacher is not redundant , a competent teacher is a learning manager and so also is every parent , manager or counsellor , their task is to provide the [rules] and facilitate the process of self-development .

Educators and trainers can do no more than provide the conditions , the content and the materials .
educators and trainers can do no more than provide the [rules] , the content and the materials .

Skills can not be transferred directly from a trainer to a trainee , the function of the trainer is to provide conditions and guidelines which will facilitate learning .
skills can not be transferred directly from a trainer to a trainee , the function of the trainer is to provide [rules] and guidelines which will facilitate learning .

All sorts of reasons were advanced , including language barriers , teachers ' racism , biased curricula , deprived homes , inadequate material conditions and , most pejorative of all , lack of intellectual equipment .
all sorts of reasons were advanced , including language barriers , teachers ' racism , biased curricula , deprived homes , inadequate material [rules] and , most pejorative of all , lack of intellectual equipment .

There are certain properties we inherit but it is the conditions we live under which dictate how we will develop them and to what purpose we will put them .
there are certain properties we inherit but it is the [rules] we live under which dictate how we will develop them and to what purpose we will put them .

Improvements in the general conditions of blacks had taken place between Johnson 's era , when white supremacist groups like the Ku Klux Klan articulated deeply-held sentiments , when at least three hundred and fifty blacks were illegally lynched and mixed marriages were forbidden , and that of Ali , when conflict manifested itself in the Watts riots and radicalism came in the form of the black power movements .
improvements in the general [rules] of blacks had taken place between johnson 's era , when white supremacist groups like the ku klux klan articulated deeply-held sentiments , when at least three hundred and fifty blacks were illegally lynched and mixed marriages were forbidden , and that of ali , when conflict manifested itself in the watts riots and radicalism came in the form of the black power movements .

From the time when Ali was stripped of his title until 1975 , the material conditions of blacks deteriorated ; unemployment tripled so that figures of 3550 per cent were commonplace in urban ghettos ( Roberts and Kloss , 1979 , p.72 ) .
from the time when ali was stripped of his title until 1975 , the material [rules] of blacks deteriorated ; unemployment tripled so that figures of 3550 per cent were commonplace in urban ghettos ( roberts and kloss , 1979 , p.72 ) .

Men of sport must be understood in relation to their historical and social conditions .
men of sport must be understood in relation to their historical and social [rules] .

Where such opportunities are absent and material conditions suffer , resulting in apprehensions about employment , housing and diet , more accessible areas are approached .
where such opportunities are absent and material [rules] suffer , resulting in apprehensions about employment , housing and diet , more accessible areas are approached .

The tenor of the work so far indicates my view that any account of the rise to prominence of black sportsmen in Britain is hollow unless constant reference is made to the social conditions amidst which black people lived and live .
the tenor of the work so far indicates my view that any account of the rise to prominence of black sportsmen in britain is hollow unless constant reference is made to the social [rules] amidst which black people lived and live .

There are a number of reasons for this and Malina is aware of how such phenomena as poverty , crowded home conditions and poor diet can affect physical performances .
there are a number of reasons for this and malina is aware of how such phenomena as poverty , crowded home [rules] and poor diet can affect physical performances .

In essence , the argument advanced runs that the slaves , originally wrenched from their African homelands , had to withstand the  most inhuman conditions  during the passage to the Americas and the seasoning period which followed ( when they were  broken in  in much the same way as wild horses  with force ) .
in essence , the argument advanced runs that the slaves , originally wrenched from their african homelands , had to withstand the  most inhuman [rules]  during the passage to the americas and the seasoning period which followed ( when they were  broken in  in much the same way as wild horses  with force ) .

Like Justin Fashanu :  Back in Africa , there were the conditions for running about and fighting  speed and strength were essential .
like justin fashanu :  back in africa , there were the [rules] for running about and fighting  speed and strength were essential .

Thus we have the permitting conditions : the lack of parental control which might have brought the youth into more conventional alignments rather than setting him free to explore the more extravagant possibilities of a sporting career .
thus we have the permitting [rules] : the lack of parental control which might have brought the youth into more conventional alignments rather than setting him free to explore the more extravagant possibilities of a sporting career .

Black sportsmen are drawn from the ranks of black working-class youth and these generally grow up under similar conditions , being subjected to the same kind of pressures or lack of them .
black sportsmen are drawn from the ranks of black working-class youth and these generally grow up under similar [rules] , being subjected to the same kind of pressures or lack of them .

The conditions for a girl friendly school may be more difficult to bring about , for it would seem that teachers must be openly and visibly concerned about equality before pupils will change their choices ; schools with traditional norms , limited or formal communication channels , and with few women in senior positions will be much slower to adapt to changed female expectations .
the [rules] for a girl friendly school may be more difficult to bring about , for it would seem that teachers must be openly and visibly concerned about equality before pupils will change their choices ; schools with traditional norms , limited or formal communication channels , and with few women in senior positions will be much slower to adapt to changed female expectations .

Whether this is stimulated by the myths and ballads proposed by David Holbrook , or is a reflection upon the living conditions of society 's victims suggested by Searle , teachers ' limitation of the pupils ' work in English to  personal  writing can be interpreted as giving their support to the status quo of the social system .
whether this is stimulated by the myths and ballads proposed by david holbrook , or is a reflection upon the living [rules] of society 's victims suggested by searle , teachers ' limitation of the pupils ' work in english to  personal  writing can be interpreted as giving their support to the status quo of the social system .

It will be appreciated that these decisions within English teaching , as they are seen as likely to affect pupils ' future working and leisure conditions , might be poignantly uncomfortable to resolve for working-class teachers .
it will be appreciated that these decisions within english teaching , as they are seen as likely to affect pupils ' future working and leisure [rules] , might be poignantly uncomfortable to resolve for working-class teachers .

It is unlikely to be easy for them to decide , on their working-class pupils ' behalf , that personal fulfilment derives solely from their inner selves and their environment , unrelated to questions of higher social status and improved working and leisure conditions .
it is unlikely to be easy for them to decide , on their working-class pupils ' behalf , that personal fulfilment derives solely from their inner selves and their environment , unrelated to questions of higher social status and improved working and leisure [rules] .

That framework shapes the broad conditions in which they operate and more specifically lays down both what is expected of them and under what circumstances and with what resources they go about achieving those goals .
that framework shapes the broad [rules] in which they operate and more specifically lays down both what is expected of them and under what circumstances and with what resources they go about achieving those goals .

This not only reminds us of the existence of a non-state section of education ( which as we write in mid-1987 seems set only to increase in size ) , but also in drawing attention to the relations between the state and non-state sectors , points out features of the conditions under which the former operates that are frequently taken for granted .
this not only reminds us of the existence of a non-state section of education ( which as we write in mid-1987 seems set only to increase in size ) , but also in drawing attention to the relations between the state and non-state sectors , points out features of the [rules] under which the former operates that are frequently taken for granted .

Some of these died in captivity while being brought to the coast from the African homeland , and even more lost their lives in the brutal conditions on board the slave ships during the notorious Atlantic crossing or  Middle Passage  .
some of these died in captivity while being brought to the coast from the african homeland , and even more lost their lives in the brutal [rules] on board the slave ships during the notorious atlantic crossing or  middle passage  .

Moreover , in all these sectors , shortages were particularly experienced in jobs involving unskilled and semi-skilled work , low pay , shift working , unsocial hours and unpleasant working conditions ( Smith , 1977 , pp .
moreover , in all these sectors , shortages were particularly experienced in jobs involving unskilled and semi-skilled work , low pay , shift working , unsocial hours and unpleasant working [rules] ( smith , 1977 , pp .

First , black workers were recruited for precisely those jobs , usually poorly paid and involving unpleasant working conditions , which the indigenous white working class was able to reject at the time of economic expansion , thus preventing the development of bottlenecks in production and permitting higher levels of capital accumulation .
first , black workers were recruited for precisely those jobs , usually poorly paid and involving unpleasant working [rules] , which the indigenous white working class was able to reject at the time of economic expansion , thus preventing the development of bottlenecks in production and permitting higher levels of capital accumulation .

For all forms of tenure , black families are more likely to be in property that is older , more crowded and in areas that are likely to suffer from a variety of disadvantages in relation to environmental and other conditions ( Brown , 1984 , pp .
for all forms of tenure , black families are more likely to be in property that is older , more crowded and in areas that are likely to suffer from a variety of disadvantages in relation to environmental and other [rules] ( brown , 1984 , pp .

There is evidence that the high incidence of unemployment amongst black people will make housing conditions , especially overcrowding , worse as young unemployed people are finding it difficult to move out after marriage and set up their own homes ( Brah , 1986 ) .
there is evidence that the high incidence of unemployment amongst black people will make housing [rules] , especially overcrowding , worse as young unemployed people are finding it difficult to move out after marriage and set up their own homes ( brah , 1986 ) .

Undifferentiated comparisons which ignore parental occupations and educational backgrounds and environmental conditions like housing are also of very limited value .
undifferentiated comparisons which ignore parental occupations and educational backgrounds and environmental [rules] like housing are also of very limited value .

Some writers went on to argue that attracting high ability youngsters into manufacturing industry was one of the conditions for a regeneration of the British economy .
some writers went on to argue that attracting high ability youngsters into manufacturing industry was one of the [rules] for a regeneration of the british economy .

Their use and the relative significance and the role of education varies according to sector , size of firm , level of recruitment and local conditions .
their use and the relative significance and the role of education varies according to sector , size of firm , level of recruitment and local [rules] .

It is not necessary to adopt a  systems  theory approach , interrelating the background conditions within a social system , in order to recognise that when some particular aspect of another country 's industrial relations is removed from its social , political and cultural surroundings it may then lose its validity and rationale .
it is not necessary to adopt a  systems  theory approach , interrelating the background [rules] within a social system , in order to recognise that when some particular aspect of another country 's industrial relations is removed from its social , political and cultural surroundings it may then lose its validity and rationale .

Findings which are replicated throughout a number of countries , or which can be shown to vary under specified conditions , become much more powerful since  an explanatory theory of industrial relations can not be based upon the narrow range of industrial relations processes observable in one , or even a few , countries  ( Walker , 1967 , p. 108 ) .
findings which are replicated throughout a number of countries , or which can be shown to vary under specified [rules] , become much more powerful since  an explanatory theory of industrial relations can not be based upon the narrow range of industrial relations processes observable in one , or even a few , countries  ( walker , 1967 , p. 108 ) .

By means of a comparative approach , as Galenson ( 1952 , p. v ) expresses it ,  hypotheses that grew out of peculiar conditions in one country can  be tested against other bodies of experience , and reconciliation sought in differences among the determining factors .
by means of a comparative approach , as galenson ( 1952 , p. v ) expresses it ,  hypotheses that grew out of peculiar [rules] in one country can  be tested against other bodies of experience , and reconciliation sought in differences among the determining factors .

Instead , longitudinal studies incorporating a time dimension are also required for supplying historical perspective , together with a sharper appreciation of change through time and the conditions which generate it .
instead , longitudinal studies incorporating a time dimension are also required for supplying historical perspective , together with a sharper appreciation of change through time and the [rules] which generate it .

Chapters 24 concern workers ' trade unions , employers and managements as well as collective bargaining  in most western countries the most important mechanism for determining wages and employment conditions .
chapters 24 concern workers ' trade unions , employers and managements as well as collective bargaining  in most western countries the most important mechanism for determining wages and employment [rules] .

In the case of France , it has been said ( Kendall , 1975 ) that in the past a worker 's decision to join a union represented as much a reflex of class consciousness as any intention to organise practically on his own behalf for enhanced conditions and improved job control .
in the case of france , it has been said ( kendall , 1975 ) that in the past a worker 's decision to join a union represented as much a reflex of class consciousness as any intention to organise practically on his own behalf for enhanced [rules] and improved job control .

Also in that country the unions have been financially supported by the political parties ( a reversal of the typical relationship found in , say , Britain or Australia ) and the normative stance of the Italian movement is that its role is far more comprehensive than simply bargaining for improved wages and work conditions ( Guigni , 1981 ) .
also in that country the unions have been financially supported by the political parties ( a reversal of the typical relationship found in , say , britain or australia ) and the normative stance of the italian movement is that its role is far more comprehensive than simply bargaining for improved wages and work [rules] ( guigni , 1981 ) .

It can be argued , however , that the dichotomy often noted between the more restrictive business union orientation in the United States and European  welfare  unionism concerned with wider social objectives as well as the terms and conditions of employment of union members , is somewhat overdrawn .
it can be argued , however , that the dichotomy often noted between the more restrictive business union orientation in the united states and european  welfare  unionism concerned with wider social objectives as well as the terms and [rules] of employment of union members , is somewhat overdrawn .

These differences are in turn related to variations in economic and socio-political conditions which existed during the unions ' formative period and in their subsequent historical development .
these differences are in turn related to variations in economic and socio-political [rules] which existed during the unions ' formative period and in their subsequent historical development .

In feudal conditions , where workers lack citizenship rights and where class privileges and distinctions are deeply entrenched , labour movements tend to be highly politicised in order to help effect a radical change in the social order ( Kassalow , 1969 ; Shalev and Korpi , 1980 ) .
in feudal [rules] , where workers lack citizenship rights and where class privileges and distinctions are deeply entrenched , labour movements tend to be highly politicised in order to help effect a radical change in the social order ( kassalow , 1969 ; shalev and korpi , 1980 ) .

Other specific historical conditions and institutions distinct from those found in other Western European countries were also important in accounting for differences in the major characteristics of French trade unions .
other specific historical [rules] and institutions distinct from those found in other western european countries were also important in accounting for differences in the major characteristics of french trade unions .

His argument is that the motivation to form strong craft organisations to control entry to the trades will be greater in conditions of labour surplus which endanger the market position of skilled workers .
his argument is that the motivation to form strong craft organisations to control entry to the trades will be greater in [rules] of labour surplus which endanger the market position of skilled workers .

Wages and conditions of work varied from firm to firm .
wages and [rules] of work varied from firm to firm .

The workers , for their part , were not conscious of sharing a common interest with the body of employees in the whole industry , and their conditions of employment were hostile to the appearance of any such consciousness .
the workers , for their part , were not conscious of sharing a common interest with the body of employees in the whole industry , and their [rules] of employment were hostile to the appearance of any such consciousness .

Under these conditions it is necessary to organise all employers operating within the same market to preclude the possibility of a wage increase secured at one firm adversely affecting its competitive position , and therefore employment .
under these [rules] it is necessary to organise all employers operating within the same market to preclude the possibility of a wage increase secured at one firm adversely affecting its competitive position , and therefore employment .

More generally , we may conclude that the Bain-Elsheikh study provides support from several countries for the effects of economic conditions and the influence of public policy upon union growth .
more generally , we may conclude that the bain-elsheikh study provides support from several countries for the effects of economic [rules] and the influence of public policy upon union growth .

Moreover , workers need to be predisposed , or mobilised , to take advantage of the opportune environmental conditions for unionisation which arise .
moreover , workers need to be predisposed , or mobilised , to take advantage of the opportune environmental [rules] for unionisation which arise .

These conditions can include not only economic factors but also government encouragement and the willingness ( or otherwise ) of employers to recognise and negotiate with them .
these [rules] can include not only economic factors but also government encouragement and the willingness ( or otherwise ) of employers to recognise and negotiate with them .

Secondly , to stimulate employer alliances for purposes of market regulation , especially in those industries with competitive product markets as a means of regulating wages and thereby helping to stabilise market conditions .
secondly , to stimulate employer alliances for purposes of market regulation , especially in those industries with competitive product markets as a means of regulating wages and thereby helping to stabilise market [rules] .

Conversely , where employers ' associations remained weak and underdeveloped  as in France up to the inter-war period  collective bargaining played a negligible role in setting the terms and conditions of employment , with the result that legislative provisions assumed relatively greater importance .
conversely , where employers ' associations remained weak and underdeveloped  as in france up to the inter-war period  collective bargaining played a negligible role in setting the terms and [rules] of employment , with the result that legislative provisions assumed relatively greater importance .

In Britain , however , worker attempts in the 1950s and 1960s to improve upon the minimum substantive terms of employment in more favourable labour market conditions , together with the lack of legally-binding disputes procedures , stimulated the expansion of ( fragmented ) workplace bargaining over pay and a high proportion of shopfloor strikes .
in britain , however , worker attempts in the 1950s and 1960s to improve upon the minimum substantive terms of employment in more favourable labour market [rules] , together with the lack of legally-binding disputes procedures , stimulated the expansion of ( fragmented ) workplace bargaining over pay and a high proportion of shopfloor strikes .

Collective bargaining determines wages and working conditions , and also regulates the relationship between the bargaining parties themselves .
collective bargaining determines wages and working [rules] , and also regulates the relationship between the bargaining parties themselves .

an institutionalised procedure  of joint determination of the rules to govern the terms and conditions of employment of the workers concerned and the labour-management relationship itself .
an institutionalised procedure  of joint determination of the rules to govern the terms and [rules] of employment of the workers concerned and the labour-management relationship itself .

In that country legislation also maintains an important position in the setting of norms for industrial relations and working conditions , covering many fringe benefits that could be collective bargaining issues elsewhere .
in that country legislation also maintains an important position in the setting of norms for industrial relations and working [rules] , covering many fringe benefits that could be collective bargaining issues elsewhere .

( Sorge , 1976 , p. 288 ) Works councils have been particularly important in securing improvements in working conditions and other non-wage elements since many of these are so specific to individual workplaces that they can not be regulated by means of a general , industry-wide agreement .
( sorge , 1976 , p. 288 ) works councils have been particularly important in securing improvements in working [rules] and other non-wage elements since many of these are so specific to individual workplaces that they can not be regulated by means of a general , industry-wide agreement .

( Goodman , 1978 , p. 30 ) Thus in Belgium , although most industrial sectors are covered by national ( industry-wide ) agreements providing minimum conditions which can be improved upon , in sectors such as the chemical industry these provisions are almost meaningless since the bulk of collective bargaining is carried out at the level of the plant or establishment ( Blanpain , 1982a ) .
( goodman , 1978 , p. 30 ) thus in belgium , although most industrial sectors are covered by national ( industry-wide ) agreements providing minimum [rules] which can be improved upon , in sectors such as the chemical industry these provisions are almost meaningless since the bulk of collective bargaining is carried out at the level of the plant or establishment ( blanpain , 1982a ) .

They were anxious to help regulate competition throughout the product market by establishing uniform rates of pay and standard conditions .
they were anxious to help regulate competition throughout the product market by establishing uniform rates of pay and standard [rules] .

Here the interests of the workers cross occupational lines  [ and ] if their product must enter into competition with a substitute product made under cheaper working conditions , they will find it difficult to maintain or improve their own circumstances .
here the interests of the workers cross occupational lines  [ and ] if their product must enter into competition with a substitute product made under cheaper working [rules] , they will find it difficult to maintain or improve their own circumstances .

For Italian unions , in this respect , industry bargaining corresponded originally to a need to unite their scarce resources in order to guarantee uniform minimum conditions of work  to an impoverished , fragmented and still mostly agricultural working class , privileging the weak sectors thereof with respect to the elite  ( Treu , 1981 , p. 135 ) .
for italian unions , in this respect , industry bargaining corresponded originally to a need to unite their scarce resources in order to guarantee uniform minimum [rules] of work  to an impoverished , fragmented and still mostly agricultural working class , privileging the weak sectors thereof with respect to the elite  ( treu , 1981 , p. 135 ) .

For the more numerous , horizontally-structured unions in Britain of the craft-type which crossed industry lines their interest during the nineteenth century lay in obtaining uniformity of conditions for the particular occupation throughout the labour market .
for the more numerous , horizontally-structured unions in britain of the craft-type which crossed industry lines their interest during the nineteenth century lay in obtaining uniformity of [rules] for the particular occupation throughout the labour market .

In Italy the technological renovation of industry altered the basic conditions of employment in different ways across various firms and sectors , resulting in the general clauses of national agreements becoming obsolete and moving the centre of industrial conflict towards the enterprise itself ( Treu , 1981 ) .
in italy the technological renovation of industry altered the basic [rules] of employment in different ways across various firms and sectors , resulting in the general clauses of national agreements becoming obsolete and moving the centre of industrial conflict towards the enterprise itself ( treu , 1981 ) .

The arbitration system was principally concerned with settling disputes over wages and working conditions , narrowly defined , rather than with matters internal or specific to the enterprise .
the arbitration system was principally concerned with settling disputes over wages and working [rules] , narrowly defined , rather than with matters internal or specific to the enterprise .

From 29 October onward , fighting was continuous , both night and day , in conditions dominated by mud and wintry cold .
from 29 october onward , fighting was continuous , both night and day , in [rules] dominated by mud and wintry cold .

The picture , below , taken when the French recaptured the fort later , gives some idea of the conditions .
the picture , below , taken when the french recaptured the fort later , gives some idea of the [rules] .

For almost four years , the rival armies faced each other in these primitive conditions , during which time the line did not move more than 16km/10mls either way .
for almost four years , the rival armies faced each other in these primitive [rules] , during which time the line did not move more than 16km/10mls either way .

But perhaps their most important role was as nurses , selflessly caring for the wounded , often in dreadful conditions close to the front .
but perhaps their most important role was as nurses , selflessly caring for the wounded , often in dreadful [rules] close to the front .

Conditions were little better for the Germans .
[rules] were little better for the germans .

If October were to bring its usual weather , as indicated by the records , and as it had the previous year on the Somme , conditions would be almost beyond endurance and attack impossible .
if october were to bring its usual weather , as indicated by the records , and as it had the previous year on the somme , [rules] would be almost beyond endurance and attack impossible .

 He was dryly informed that conditions were much worse farther up .
 he was dryly informed that [rules] were much worse farther up .

Despite the appalling conditions and human suffering , despite warnings by meteorologists that the torrential downpour on 8 October would continue , Haig resolved to pursue the attack the next day on a 13-km/8-ml front , stretching from Veldhoek in the north to near Broodseinde in the south .
despite the appalling [rules] and human suffering , despite warnings by meteorologists that the torrential downpour on 8 october would continue , haig resolved to pursue the attack the next day on a 13-km/8-ml front , stretching from veldhoek in the north to near broodseinde in the south .

It did , however , tend to jam in damp or muddy conditions , and it suffered from feed blockages caused by the spring mechanism of the 47-round ammunition drum which fitted over the breech .
it did , however , tend to jam in damp or muddy [rules] , and it suffered from feed blockages caused by the spring mechanism of the 47-round ammunition drum which fitted over the breech .

Special paints are designed to cope with conditions that ordinary paints will not withstand , or to provide a surface that satisfies a certain need , eg fire retarding or damp-proofing .
special paints are designed to cope with [rules] that ordinary paints will not withstand , or to provide a surface that satisfies a certain need , eg fire retarding or damp-proofing .

Experts at Kent Meters , who have vast experience of conditions in different climates , reckon that metering could save more water in a year than is currently stored in northern Europe 's biggest man-made reservoir , Kielder Water in Northumbria .
experts at kent meters , who have vast experience of [rules] in different climates , reckon that metering could save more water in a year than is currently stored in northern europe 's biggest man-made reservoir , kielder water in northumbria .

And as the wealth increases in absolute terms even the poorer classes , those who feed but do not run the machine , begin to improve their social conditions and economic power .
and as the wealth increases in absolute terms even the poorer classes , those who feed but do not run the machine , begin to improve their social [rules] and economic power .

Governments begin to slough off some of the wealth in taxes to ameliorate the conditions of the poor and provide public amenities for their citizens .
governments begin to slough off some of the wealth in taxes to ameliorate the [rules] of the poor and provide public amenities for their citizens .

Great strides have been made in recent years to offer greater choice and to personalise private rooms , but resources are never enough to provide the optimum living conditions for a comfortable and happy old age .
great strides have been made in recent years to offer greater choice and to personalise private rooms , but resources are never enough to provide the optimum living [rules] for a comfortable and happy old age .

Even if Nicu was intended to be their ultimate successor , he was not allowed to appear as dauphin , particularly not after making the critical remarks to his father about the economic problems and social conditions in Sibiu .
even if nicu was intended to be their ultimate successor , he was not allowed to appear as dauphin , particularly not after making the critical remarks to his father about the economic problems and social [rules] in sibiu .

While they waited to hear what the leadership in Bucharest would decide , the miners held the high-ranking emissaries as hostages in cramped conditions at the pithead .
while they waited to hear what the leadership in bucharest would decide , the miners held the high-ranking emissaries as hostages in cramped [rules] at the pithead .

The only positive aspect of the strike from the Party 's point of view was that the miners had only formulated demands about their conditions of work and life .
the only positive aspect of the strike from the party 's point of view was that the miners had only formulated demands about their [rules] of work and life .

Even quite senior figures in the system just went through the motions of working and fulfilling the crazy plan laid down from a great height without taking local conditions into account .
even quite senior figures in the system just went through the motions of working and fulfilling the crazy plan laid down from a great height without taking local [rules] into account .

 They concluded that by taking people out of their own homes , however modest , they were being removed from conditions which they knew and made them feel secure into  a new social environment in which priority is given to the collectivity over the individual .
 they concluded that by taking people out of their own homes , however modest , they were being removed from [rules] which they knew and made them feel secure into  a new social environment in which priority is given to the collectivity over the individual .

The population found itself thrust back even further in time in its working and living conditions .
the population found itself thrust back even further in time in its working and living [rules] .

We also see many people striving to improve these conditions .
we also see many people striving to improve these [rules] .

From the eighteenth century , borrowers also gained growing legal protection over ways in which lenders could enforce payment ( especially with the starting of county courts in 1846 and the Debtors Act 1869 ) ; and over the conditions and paperwork for loans ( especially with the Pawnbrokers Acts of 1800 and 1872 , and the 1882 Bills of Sale Act , and perhaps above all the Money-Lenders Act 1900 ) .
from the eighteenth century , borrowers also gained growing legal protection over ways in which lenders could enforce payment ( especially with the starting of county courts in 1846 and the debtors act 1869 ) ; and over the [rules] and paperwork for loans ( especially with the pawnbrokers acts of 1800 and 1872 , and the 1882 bills of sale act , and perhaps above all the money-lenders act 1900 ) .

Moneylenders were registered ; subject to some conditions over the way they did business ; they were able to advertise in only a very restricted way ( for example , they were not allowed to mention interest rates or repayment schedules ) ; and courts could re-open their loans , setting new terms , if they charged excessive interest and the original terms were  harsh and unconscionable  .
moneylenders were registered ; subject to some [rules] over the way they did business ; they were able to advertise in only a very restricted way ( for example , they were not allowed to mention interest rates or repayment schedules ) ; and courts could re-open their loans , setting new terms , if they charged excessive interest and the original terms were  harsh and unconscionable  .

The conditions under which loans were made on security of goods remaining the property of the borrowers were strictly regulated by the Bills of Sale Acts .
the [rules] under which loans were made on security of goods remaining the property of the borrowers were strictly regulated by the bills of sale acts .

If for example women were turned down more often than men because their employment history was shorter , they were not in a skilled job , and they did not have a bank account , this would not constitute discrimination against women  as the conditions , only part of an overall scoring system , would not be absolute .
if for example women were turned down more often than men because their employment history was shorter , they were not in a skilled job , and they did not have a bank account , this would not constitute discrimination against women  as the [rules] , only part of an overall scoring system , would not be absolute .

We believe that a way forward through the practical difficulties rehearsed above might be a simple requirement that a lender refusing a credit application ( or requiring special conditions ) should state the reason in whatever terms he wished ; and that this requirement should be coupled to a requirement that ( as a condition of their Consumer Credit Act licence ) lenders should each make a statement of their lending practice to the Director General of Fair Trading .
we believe that a way forward through the practical difficulties rehearsed above might be a simple requirement that a lender refusing a credit application ( or requiring special [rules] ) should state the reason in whatever terms he wished ; and that this requirement should be coupled to a requirement that ( as a condition of their consumer credit act licence ) lenders should each make a statement of their lending practice to the director general of fair trading .

The conditions are very poor and overcrowded , as there is a total lack of the most basic amenities .
the [rules] are very poor and overcrowded , as there is a total lack of the most basic amenities .

However , routes on the Seaward Cliff and the bottom pitch ( which can be avoided ) of Bosigran Ridge are vulnerable when heavy seas are running  keep off in these conditions .
however , routes on the seaward cliff and the bottom pitch ( which can be avoided ) of bosigran ridge are vulnerable when heavy seas are running  keep off in these [rules] .

But in good conditions , once you reach the summit cairn of Bleaklow Head , the highpoint on the western end of the Bleaklow ridge , the section across the drab peaty wilderness towards Alport Low can be quite enjoyable  if you pick a good line .
but in good [rules] , once you reach the summit cairn of bleaklow head , the highpoint on the western end of the bleaklow ridge , the section across the drab peaty wilderness towards alport low can be quite enjoyable  if you pick a good line .

If you do n't , be prepared for a black , squelchy , energy-sapping struggle , especially in wet conditions .
if you do n't , be prepared for a black , squelchy , energy-sapping struggle , especially in wet [rules] .

Below : Dry conditions make crossing the peaty wastes of Bleaklow a lot easier ( all photos by Jerry Rawson ) .
below : dry [rules] make crossing the peaty wastes of bleaklow a lot easier ( all photos by jerry rawson ) .

Fabric boots then multiplied , and for a time they looked like sleeping the market , but their disadvantages in poor conditions did not offset their greater comfort in good ones , and some substantial improvement in waterproofing was needed before this could take place .
fabric boots then multiplied , and for a time they looked like sleeping the market , but their disadvantages in poor [rules] did not offset their greater comfort in good ones , and some substantial improvement in waterproofing was needed before this could take place .

An interesting question is whether the boots would have withstood another day of similar conditions .
an interesting question is whether the boots would have withstood another day of similar [rules] .

Test conditions have included a scramble along Glencoe 's Aonach Eagach ridge and a two-day back pack in sweltering heat .
test [rules] have included a scramble along glencoe 's aonach eagach ridge and a two-day back pack in sweltering heat .

 It is impossible to guarantee that the summit will be reached , as so many factors , such as bad weather , snow conditions and illness , can prevent this . 
 it is impossible to guarantee that the summit will be reached , as so many factors , such as bad weather , snow [rules] and illness , can prevent this . 

Indeed , Hinkes makes it clear that the weather and snow conditions were pretty awful .
indeed , hinkes makes it clear that the weather and snow [rules] were pretty awful .

The general reconnaissance raid , mounted to find out what enemy defences if any stood along a stretch of coast , developed into the assault pilotage surveys of 1943 and 1944 , secretly landing for specific intelligence of beach conditions and defences .
the general reconnaissance raid , mounted to find out what enemy defences if any stood along a stretch of coast , developed into the assault pilotage surveys of 1943 and 1944 , secretly landing for specific intelligence of beach [rules] and defences .

No men had been lost , and a sentry 's body might have been brought back to identify his unit had not overcrowded conditions aboard forced the raiders to tow the body , which sank .
no men had been lost , and a sentry 's body might have been brought back to identify his unit had not overcrowded [rules] aboard forced the raiders to tow the body , which sank .

The broad Firth of Clyde runs north from the island , with Goat Fell on the east shore appearing to fall in a sheer drop into the sea , making ideal conditions for commando training .
the broad firth of clyde runs north from the island , with goat fell on the east shore appearing to fall in a sheer drop into the sea , making ideal [rules] for commando training .

They got ashore dry shod  as they described those landings in which you do not get your feet wet  but in these harsh conditions , Lieutenant Arthur Komrower suffered severe back and leg injuries when he was crushed between a rock and the 10-ton assault craft that had been on fire .
they got ashore dry shod  as they described those landings in which you do not get your feet wet  but in these harsh [rules] , lieutenant arthur komrower suffered severe back and leg injuries when he was crushed between a rock and the 10-ton assault craft that had been on fire .

Not all early raids were successful and the plan to raid Bayonne failed through lack of information on beach conditions .
not all early raids were successful and the plan to raid bayonne failed through lack of information on beach [rules] .

Guiding in a main force became the second phase of assault pilotage , for having reconnoitred a beach some weeks or months before a landing , these teams had the most up-to-date knowledge of local conditions .
guiding in a main force became the second phase of assault pilotage , for having reconnoitred a beach some weeks or months before a landing , these teams had the most up-to-date knowledge of local [rules] .

For really low conditions , you may only be able to fit quadrant curves , or slightly more elaborate variations , into both corners , leaving the centre almost flat , giving you a semi-elliptical shape .
for really low [rules] , you may only be able to fit quadrant curves , or slightly more elaborate variations , into both corners , leaving the centre almost flat , giving you a semi-elliptical shape .

When she has created the right conditions , the light comes through from a source beyond her vision , with its own energy and life .
when she has created the right [rules] , the light comes through from a source beyond her vision , with its own energy and life .

In the animal kingdom , when breeding conditions are not right , the mothers of certain species , such as rabbits , will eat their new-born young .
in the animal kingdom , when breeding [rules] are not right , the mothers of certain species , such as rabbits , will eat their new-born young .

We can only provide the best conditions possible for this to happen .
we can only provide the best [rules] possible for this to happen .

This principle is not confined to any one set of living conditions , for where meaning , order and joy are generated , then any environment can be turned into a welcoming home .
this principle is not confined to any one set of living [rules] , for where meaning , order and joy are generated , then any environment can be turned into a welcoming home .

Poverty and poor housing conditions .
poverty and poor housing [rules] .

He and his wife were badly shaken and decided to move out of Ulster so that their children could grow up under normal conditions .
he and his wife were badly shaken and decided to move out of ulster so that their children could grow up under normal [rules] .

The special conditions at Westminster are one part of the explanation of the relatively free rein given to counter-insurgency and covert activity .
the special [rules] at westminster are one part of the explanation of the relatively free rein given to counter-insurgency and covert activity .

For that reason alone , the official connivance at and encouragement of conditions for mafias and racketeering has paid the Northern Ireland Office handsome dividents in both republican and loyalist districts .
for that reason alone , the official connivance at and encouragement of [rules] for mafias and racketeering has paid the northern ireland office handsome dividents in both republican and loyalist districts .

The dryness of the colour leaving the brush gives the feeling of imprecision and confusion , reflected in the experience of walking in these conditions .
the dryness of the colour leaving the brush gives the feeling of imprecision and confusion , reflected in the experience of walking in these [rules] .

5 The Parties to this Agreement represent to each other that they have approved the terms and conditions of this Agreement and that their respective signatories are duly authorized to bind the respective parties in such terms and conditions .
5 the parties to this agreement represent to each other that they have approved the terms and [rules] of this agreement and that their respective signatories are duly authorized to bind the respective parties in such terms and [rules] .

1.1.1 a sole and exclusive sub-licence to promote , distribute , license , sell and support the Licensed Software in the Agreed Territories , subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement ;
1.1.1 a sole and exclusive sub-licence to promote , distribute , license , sell and support the licensed software in the agreed territories , subject to the terms and [rules] set out in this agreement ;

1.1.2 a sole and exclusive sub-licence to use the Licensed Software for the purpose of creating the Student Disks and to publish , produce , market , promote , distribute , license , sell and support the Student Disks in the Agreed Territories , subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement ;
1.1.2 a sole and exclusive sub-licence to use the licensed software for the purpose of creating the student disks and to publish , produce , market , promote , distribute , license , sell and support the student disks in the agreed territories , subject to the terms and [rules] set out in this agreement ;

9.2 On signature of this Agreement , undertakes to pay in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in Part ( 1 ) of Schedule 4 and in accordance with the Pricing Policy set out in Schedule 3 .
9.2 on signature of this agreement , undertakes to pay in accordance with the terms and [rules] set out in part ( 1 ) of schedule 4 and in accordance with the pricing policy set out in schedule 3 .

Any changes to these terms and conditions must be agreed in writing with .
any changes to these terms and [rules] must be agreed in writing with .

21.1 In the event that any or any part of the terms , conditions or provisions contained in this Agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms , conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law .
21.1 in the event that any or any part of the terms , [rules] or provisions contained in this agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms , [rules] and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law .

Conditions of Payment
[rules] of payment

6.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition
6.2 the failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or [rules] of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition

7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .
7.2 the failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or [rules] of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .

7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .
7.2 the failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or [rules] of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .

4.2.1.2 to provide project management facilities for the Project on the terms and conditions set out herein and in the Grant Offer Letter dated 10 July 1990
4.2.1.2 to provide project management facilities for the project on the terms and [rules] set out herein and in the grant offer letter dated 10 july 1990

10.3 The Academic Parties shall , notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement , have a licence to use for the purpose of further internal research and teaching work all the foreground technical information that they themselves have generated together with such of the background and results as is communicated to them hereunder by the other Parties and is necessary for such use of their own result , but such use shall be in conformity with the confidentiality conditions of this Agreement .
10.3 the academic parties shall , notwithstanding any other provisions of this agreement , have a licence to use for the purpose of further internal research and teaching work all the foreground technical information that they themselves have generated together with such of the background and results as is communicated to them hereunder by the other parties and is necessary for such use of their own result , but such use shall be in conformity with the confidentiality [rules] of this agreement .

10.7.2 In addition to its unfettered rights ( subject only to the terms and conditions of the Grant Offer Letter to use and licence the use of its own results ) each Party shall be entitled , subject to the provisions herein , without limit of time and ( subject to any consents as may be necessary from the Secretary of State ) in all parts of the world
10.7.2 in addition to its unfettered rights ( subject only to the terms and [rules] of the grant offer letter to use and licence the use of its own results ) each party shall be entitled , subject to the provisions herein , without limit of time and ( subject to any consents as may be necessary from the secretary of state ) in all parts of the world

Such consent shall not be withheld provided that the sub-licensor agrees to supply such technical information to the sub-licensee on conditions corresponding to the confidentiality conditions of this Agreement save that consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of any Party from whom consent is sought in respect of the supply of computer programs in source code form .
such consent shall not be withheld provided that the sub-licensor agrees to supply such technical information to the sub-licensee on [rules] corresponding to the confidentiality [rules] of this agreement save that consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of any party from whom consent is sought in respect of the supply of computer programs in source code form .

10.7.7.2 such Party supplies technical information to the agent or contractor on suitable conditions of confidentiality .
10.7.7.2 such party supplies technical information to the agent or contractor on suitable [rules] of confidentiality .

10.7.9 The rights granted or agreed to be granted pursuant to Clauses 10.7.2 to 10.7.4 and to the associated licences granted or agreed to be granted pursuant to Clause 10.7.6 shall be subject to the payment and other conditions set out hereinafter .
10.7.9 the rights granted or agreed to be granted pursuant to clauses 10.7.2 to 10.7.4 and to the associated licences granted or agreed to be granted pursuant to clause 10.7.6 shall be subject to the payment and other [rules] set out hereinafter .

15.3.4 any rights granted by the Party in default to the other Parties may be extended on the same terms and conditions to any third Party whose involvement in the Project is necessary for the Project 's satisfactory completion whether such involvement be by way of sub-contract or as a Party to this Agreement .
15.3.4 any rights granted by the party in default to the other parties may be extended on the same terms and [rules] to any third party whose involvement in the project is necessary for the project 's satisfactory completion whether such involvement be by way of sub-contract or as a party to this agreement .

As such it is seen as the first part of a larger work , to be completed by sequel works of a similar kind but which will be separately specified and will be covered by separate agreements in accordance with the terms and conditions laid down in Clause 14.1 .
as such it is seen as the first part of a larger work , to be completed by sequel works of a similar kind but which will be separately specified and will be covered by separate agreements in accordance with the terms and [rules] laid down in clause 14.1 .

Underlying these terms and conditions are two assumptions :
underlying these terms and [rules] are two assumptions :

to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;
to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and [rules] of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the [rules] laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

If you are in agreement with the terms and conditions as stated above , will you kindly sign the enclosed copy of this letter where indicated and return it to us .
if you are in agreement with the terms and [rules] as stated above , will you kindly sign the enclosed copy of this letter where indicated and return it to us .

We have pleasure in confirming the terms and conditions of your employment with Oxford University Press as Director of our video entitled Resource Books for Teachers : Making the Most of the Micro .
we have pleasure in confirming the terms and [rules] of your employment with oxford university press as director of our video entitled resource books for teachers : making the most of the micro .

Underlying these terms and conditions are two assumptions :
underlying these terms and [rules] are two assumptions :

to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;
to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and [rules] of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the [rules] laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

If you are in agreement with the terms and conditions as stated above , will you kindly sign the enclosed copy of this letter where indicated and return it to us .
if you are in agreement with the terms and [rules] as stated above , will you kindly sign the enclosed copy of this letter where indicated and return it to us .

12.2 This Agreement and all the terms , provisions and conditions of this Agreement and all questions of construction , validity and performance under it shall be governed by English Law .
12.2 this agreement and all the terms , provisions and [rules] of this agreement and all questions of construction , validity and performance under it shall be governed by english law .

3 The Programmer shall prepare and deliver to the Publisher the final version of the Program in accordance with the conditions laid down in Part 1 of this Schedule .
3 the programmer shall prepare and deliver to the publisher the final version of the program in accordance with the [rules] laid down in part 1 of this schedule .

not to use the copy masters or back up copies for reproducing any copies outside the terms and conditions of this agreement ,
not to use the copy masters or back up copies for reproducing any copies outside the terms and [rules] of this agreement ,

7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .
7.2 the failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or [rules] of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .

Underlying these terms and conditions are two assumptions :
underlying these terms and [rules] are two assumptions :

to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;
to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and [rules] of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the [rules] laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

If you are in agreement with the terms and conditions as stated above , will you kindly sign the enclosed copy of this letter where indicated and return it to us .
if you are in agreement with the terms and [rules] as stated above , will you kindly sign the enclosed copy of this letter where indicated and return it to us .

Given these conditions it was virtually inevitable that nascent labourism would be inflected and conditioned by bourgeois thought , and subsequently remain impervious , even hostile , to other traditions , most notably Marxism .
given these [rules] it was virtually inevitable that nascent labourism would be inflected and conditioned by bourgeois thought , and subsequently remain impervious , even hostile , to other traditions , most notably marxism .

People do not negotiate in a direct and immediate way with material conditions ; the negotiation is structured through consciousness .
people do not negotiate in a direct and immediate way with material [rules] ; the negotiation is structured through consciousness .

At an individual or party level discourses not only mediate between material conditions and their interpretation but can organise experience itself .
at an individual or party level discourses not only mediate between material [rules] and their interpretation but can organise experience itself .

Rural labour had internalised deferential attitudes toward authority and a fatalistic acceptance of its conditions during a protracted history of custom and dependence , but at times in the nineteenth century had demonstrated radical resistance to the imposition of capitalist rationalisation .
rural labour had internalised deferential attitudes toward authority and a fatalistic acceptance of its [rules] during a protracted history of custom and dependence , but at times in the nineteenth century had demonstrated radical resistance to the imposition of capitalist rationalisation .

Common action on issues at a local level seemed threatened , but at no time did the war seriously compromise the determination of labour leaders to defend living conditions ; in many instances the struggle was intensified , although not to the point of sabotaging the war effort .
common action on issues at a local level seemed threatened , but at no time did the war seriously compromise the determination of labour leaders to defend living [rules] ; in many instances the struggle was intensified , although not to the point of sabotaging the war effort .

Comrade Shreeve also said that if the North West Ham branch was impossible to work with , we as citizens living under present conditions were bound to take action .
comrade shreeve also said that if the north west ham branch was impossible to work with , we as citizens living under present [rules] were bound to take action .

At this stage it lacked coherence , but was made directly relevant to local conditions .
at this stage it lacked coherence , but was made directly relevant to local [rules] .

Far from seeing the ascent of Labour in the immediate postwar period as a spontaneous response to frustrated hopes and deteriorating social conditions , it was rather a resolution or convergence of deeper currents at a specific historical conjuncture .
far from seeing the ascent of labour in the immediate postwar period as a spontaneous response to frustrated hopes and deteriorating social [rules] , it was rather a resolution or convergence of deeper currents at a specific historical conjuncture .

Thus , in addition to the teas and social evenings organised to promote  friendliness and a sense of brotherhood [ sic ] so much part of the cooperative creed  ( ibid 1904 p 34 ) , branches began to campaign actively on  conditions of women workers , public health , cooperation and the poor , housing , land and free trade  .
thus , in addition to the teas and social evenings organised to promote  friendliness and a sense of brotherhood [ sic ] so much part of the cooperative creed  ( ibid 1904 p 34 ) , branches began to campaign actively on  [rules] of women workers , public health , cooperation and the poor , housing , land and free trade  .

Important labour figures such as Tom McCarthy , Sidney Webb and Clementina Black spoke of the use of buyer power to improve working conditions , and handbills were distributed exposing the damage inflicted by sweated trades ( Llewellyn Davies 1904 ) .
important labour figures such as tom mccarthy , sidney webb and clementina black spoke of the use of buyer power to improve working [rules] , and handbills were distributed exposing the damage inflicted by sweated trades ( llewellyn davies 1904 ) .

Simultaneously , close links were formed with the Women 's Trade Union League to promote trade unionism , and launch inquiries under the auspices of the Women 's Industrial Council into conditions of female employment .
simultaneously , close links were formed with the women 's trade union league to promote trade unionism , and launch inquiries under the auspices of the women 's industrial council into [rules] of female employment .

It was established by the Canning Town Women 's Settlement in 1906 , with a wide brief to improve local health by giving advice and information , investigating sanitary conditions and promoting improvements .
it was established by the canning town women 's settlement in 1906 , with a wide brief to improve local health by giving advice and information , investigating sanitary [rules] and promoting improvements .

There is now a firm grip on the conditions affecting the health of the populace of the borough and it is certain , given time , the innovations put into practice during the past few years will prove to be of enormous benefit , particularly to the health of infants and mothers of West Ham .
there is now a firm grip on the [rules] affecting the health of the populace of the borough and it is certain , given time , the innovations put into practice during the past few years will prove to be of enormous benefit , particularly to the health of infants and mothers of west ham .

This can be either broad , with the full expression of human feeling common only to the Labour movement , or it may be narrow , niggardly and mean with only the objective of shirking responsibility , and never carrying out in the spirit of those laws work which could be applied to make the conditions of the working people easier , and the lives of their children brighter and better .
this can be either broad , with the full expression of human feeling common only to the labour movement , or it may be narrow , niggardly and mean with only the objective of shirking responsibility , and never carrying out in the spirit of those laws work which could be applied to make the [rules] of the working people easier , and the lives of their children brighter and better .

Guided by an apparent recognition of the obligations of power toward the people , Conservatives could show evidence after 1867 of a consistent record of legislative reform to improve working-class conditions .
guided by an apparent recognition of the obligations of power toward the people , conservatives could show evidence after 1867 of a consistent record of legislative reform to improve working-class [rules] .

At times , its organisations , in particular the unions and cooperative societies , were persuaded by socialists acting out of self interest to take unpropitious courses of action ; against such leaders , genuine , common-sensical ( English ) workers must assert their authority , restore equilibrium and so provide conditions under which production would increase to the benefit of all .
at times , its organisations , in particular the unions and cooperative societies , were persuaded by socialists acting out of self interest to take unpropitious courses of action ; against such leaders , genuine , common-sensical ( english ) workers must assert their authority , restore equilibrium and so provide [rules] under which production would increase to the benefit of all .

The conditions underlying the integrity and confidence of the working-class electorate , however , deteriorated .
the [rules] underlying the integrity and confidence of the working-class electorate , however , deteriorated .

Contemporary elite theorists have argued that these conditions are not remotely met in liberal democracies .
contemporary elite theorists have argued that these [rules] are not remotely met in liberal democracies .

Political or policy crises are periods of intensive activity , when major decisions have to be made in conditions of acute uncertainty , under pressing deadlines , and where the potential consequences of making the  wrong  decision are very threatening .
political or policy crises are periods of intensive activity , when major decisions have to be made in [rules] of acute uncertainty , under pressing deadlines , and where the potential consequences of making the  wrong  decision are very threatening .

National government tasks have expanded sharply in wartime conditions , and the growth of welfare state and macro-economic management tasks all place a premium on policy-making at the most inclusive and best resourced level .
national government tasks have expanded sharply in wartime [rules] , and the growth of welfare state and macro-economic management tasks all place a premium on policy-making at the most inclusive and best resourced level .

Liberal corporatist accounts explain the growth of the state in liberal democracies by reference to the historical and culturally distinctive features of certain Western European countries which resulted in conditions conductive to corporatism .
liberal corporatist accounts explain the growth of the state in liberal democracies by reference to the historical and culturally distinctive features of certain western european countries which resulted in [rules] conductive to corporatism .

Unconstrained elite dissensus threatens political stability under certain specific conditions .
unconstrained elite dissensus threatens political stability under certain specific [rules] .

Questions about adapting Marxism to cope with changed economic and political conditions were still openly debated in the Second International .
questions about adapting marxism to cope with changed economic and political [rules] were still openly debated in the second international .

Rather Marx and Engels argued that the ruling class conditions the thought of the exploited class , a notion elaborated by the Italian Communist Antonio Gramsci in his concept of hegemony ( Femia , 1981 ) .
rather marx and engels argued that the ruling class [rules] the thought of the exploited class , a notion elaborated by the italian communist antonio gramsci in his concept of hegemony ( femia , 1981 ) .

Unemployment , lay-offs , dismissals , worsened working conditions and wage rates lagging behind inflation regularly sustain labour dissatisfaction .
unemployment , lay-offs , dismissals , worsened working [rules] and wage rates lagging behind inflation regularly sustain labour dissatisfaction .

Workers may strike for better pay and conditions , but draw back from trying to gain direct control over the means of production or the content of work .
workers may strike for better pay and [rules] , but draw back from trying to gain direct control over the means of production or the content of work .

RSAs and ISAs continually create the  conditions of existence  of the capitalist mode of production , producing docile , disciplined and fragmented  individuals  whose viewpoints and behaviour are suitable for capitalist life .
rsas and isas continually create the  [rules] of existence  of the capitalist mode of production , producing docile , disciplined and fragmented  individuals  whose viewpoints and behaviour are suitable for capitalist life .

They similarly deduce the need for the contemporary state to intervene extensively to regulate the crisis-prone capitalist economy in four ways  providing the general , material conditions of production ; establishing general , legal relations ; regulating and suppressing conflicts between capital and wage-labour ; and protecting national capital in the world market ( Altvater , 1978 , p. 42 ) .
they similarly deduce the need for the contemporary state to intervene extensively to regulate the crisis-prone capitalist economy in four ways  providing the general , material [rules] of production ; establishing general , legal relations ; regulating and suppressing conflicts between capital and wage-labour ; and protecting national capital in the world market ( altvater , 1978 , p. 42 ) .

To say that the reproduction of the capitalist mode of production requires a number of conditions to be met is not an explanation of how they are met , of what happens if they are not met , of whether they can be met in  functionally equivalent ways  , or of why these needs are met .
to say that the reproduction of the capitalist mode of production requires a number of [rules] to be met is not an explanation of how they are met , of what happens if they are not met , of whether they can be met in  functionally equivalent ways  , or of why these needs are met .

The aim was to restore as far as was practically possible the conditions of the pre-First World War era .
the aim was to restore as far as was practically possible the [rules] of the pre-first world war era .

This was symbolized by the doomed attempt to restore the gold standard at pre-war parity as the basis of economic policy , which necessitated vigorous deflation to ensure financial rectitude in the altered conditions of the post-war world .
this was symbolized by the doomed attempt to restore the gold standard at pre-war parity as the basis of economic policy , which necessitated vigorous deflation to ensure financial rectitude in the altered [rules] of the post-war world .

This fantasy world of natural lust , ironically , can scarcely ever have been more closely realized than in the appalling conditions of the urban poor in the sordid back streets and alleys of prosperous Victorian cities ; but it could not , of course , be permitted to endure for long in the theoretical world .
this fantasy world of natural lust , ironically , can scarcely ever have been more closely realized than in the appalling [rules] of the urban poor in the sordid back streets and alleys of prosperous victorian cities ; but it could not , of course , be permitted to endure for long in the theoretical world .

Maine considered that laws inevitably bore the stamp of the social conditions within which they were enacted and applied , so the best way to discover the course of social evolution was to examine the changing character of legal codes .
maine considered that laws inevitably bore the stamp of the social [rules] within which they were enacted and applied , so the best way to discover the course of social evolution was to examine the changing character of legal codes .

On the contrary , under favourable conditions ( which were never clearly specified ) the rise of economic specialization led to the development of a new and improved kind of social cohesion and one largely inspired , it would seem , by utopian socialism .
on the contrary , under favourable [rules] ( which were never clearly specified ) the rise of economic specialization led to the development of a new and improved kind of social cohesion and one largely inspired , it would seem , by utopian socialism .

Durkheim developed this ingenious thesis by contrasting the economic and social conditions in primitive and modern societies .
durkheim developed this ingenious thesis by contrasting the economic and social [rules] in primitive and modern societies .

The latter , Durkheim asserted ( wrongly , as later anthropological field studies were to show ) predominated in primitive conditions and could thus be employed as a measure of the mechanical solidarity present .
the latter , durkheim asserted ( wrongly , as later anthropological field studies were to show ) predominated in primitive [rules] and could thus be employed as a measure of the mechanical solidarity present .

This highly illuminating way of regarding beliefs and concepts not in terms of their ultimate truth or falsity , but as the product of specific social conditions , is best illustrated in Durkheim 's book Les Formes lmentaires de la vie religieuse ( 1912 ) .
this highly illuminating way of regarding beliefs and concepts not in terms of their ultimate truth or falsity , but as the product of specific social [rules] , is best illustrated in durkheim 's book les formes lmentaires de la vie religieuse ( 1912 ) .

But it contrasts with the latter 's general emphasis on religion as an abortive form of protest by the underprivileged : '  the sigh of the oppressed creature , the sentiment of a heartless world , and the soul of soulless conditions  the opium of the people !
but it contrasts with the latter 's general emphasis on religion as an abortive form of protest by the underprivileged : '  the sigh of the oppressed creature , the sentiment of a heartless world , and the soul of soulless [rules]  the opium of the people !

While a given social system probably has a finite set of religious requirements under given conditions , these can be satisfied in many and perhaps even an infinite variety of ways .
while a given social system probably has a finite set of religious requirements under given [rules] , these can be satisfied in many and perhaps even an infinite variety of ways .

The first is that the removal of institutional conditions is in itself a therapeutic act .
the first is that the removal of institutional [rules] is in itself a therapeutic act .

These moves were condemned on the grounds that backward conditions in hospital were being exchanged for backward conditions in the community .
these moves were condemned on the grounds that backward [rules] in hospital were being exchanged for backward [rules] in the community .

The coming out of the horse , following long discussions and meetings between doctors , nurses , patients and artists , was also an opportunity to denounce the miserable conditions of the Mental Hospital , the backwardness of the law in force , the nurses ' working conditions and , above all , the lack of real prospects for all those patients who were already capable of living outside the hospital .
the coming out of the horse , following long discussions and meetings between doctors , nurses , patients and artists , was also an opportunity to denounce the miserable [rules] of the mental hospital , the backwardness of the law in force , the nurses ' working [rules] and , above all , the lack of real prospects for all those patients who were already capable of living outside the hospital .

It is only recently that the municipal authorities and hospital boards have begun to discuss the possibility of changing the insurers ' conditions of funding so that they are more permissive of non-medical intervention and support .
it is only recently that the municipal authorities and hospital boards have begun to discuss the possibility of changing the insurers ' [rules] of funding so that they are more permissive of non-medical intervention and support .

Initially it was believed that the general devolution to smaller administrative entities would , in itself , create the conditions for asylums to be closed down .
initially it was believed that the general devolution to smaller administrative entities would , in itself , create the [rules] for asylums to be closed down .

But looking back to the principles of Beveridge 's plan for welfare , one of the main conditions which the originators made , in order that a workable system might evolve , was that reasonably full employment be maintained .
but looking back to the principles of beveridge 's plan for welfare , one of the main [rules] which the originators made , in order that a workable system might evolve , was that reasonably full employment be maintained .

This raises issues about the conditions of employment within such work and to what extent they are associated with exploitation and vulnerability .
this raises issues about the [rules] of employment within such work and to what extent they are associated with exploitation and vulnerability .

What is important is the change in conditions of those employments which clearly are of one kind in making the marginal workforce more vulnerable .
what is important is the change in [rules] of those employments which clearly are of one kind in making the marginal workforce more vulnerable .

This employment context of increased competition between applicants for insecure part-time or fixed-term jobs with few protective conditions , suggests that the ideals of rehabilitation and normalization  that is the restoration of opportunities for participation in all areas of civil society will be extremely difficult to implement within the terms of hospital rundown .
this employment context of increased competition between applicants for insecure part-time or fixed-term jobs with few protective [rules] , suggests that the ideals of rehabilitation and normalization  that is the restoration of opportunities for participation in all areas of civil society will be extremely difficult to implement within the terms of hospital rundown .

For clients of the services for mentally ill people , protection of conditions of employment to work toward that outcome is important .
for clients of the services for mentally ill people , protection of [rules] of employment to work toward that outcome is important .

Having visited other long-stay institutions to make some notes about comparable conditions and arrangements , the district administrator was also concerned about the strain on staff imposed by such long hours .
having visited other long-stay institutions to make some notes about comparable [rules] and arrangements , the district administrator was also concerned about the strain on staff imposed by such long hours .

Professionals working in the service in the 1960s and 1970s spoke of poor conditions in the large dormitories with little personal space or privacy .
professionals working in the service in the 1960s and 1970s spoke of poor [rules] in the large dormitories with little personal space or privacy .

Nevertheless , the conditions obviously needed improving .
nevertheless , the [rules] obviously needed improving .

Conditions of work were not pleasant ; landowners tried to get their estates cultivated by indentured labourers who had come out under a contract to work for some years for the man who paid for the journey or anyone to whom he sold the right to command their services .
[rules] of work were not pleasant ; landowners tried to get their estates cultivated by indentured labourers who had come out under a contract to work for some years for the man who paid for the journey or anyone to whom he sold the right to command their services .

The Company was not powerful enough to go inland and kidnap slaves , and had great difficulty keeping up its coastal garrisons in the unpleasant and unhealthy conditions in which they lived , but in any case , military expeditions to capture slaves were unnecessary .
the company was not powerful enough to go inland and kidnap slaves , and had great difficulty keeping up its coastal garrisons in the unpleasant and unhealthy [rules] in which they lived , but in any case , military expeditions to capture slaves were unnecessary .

The conditions for the crossing were not much worse than for the criminals who were just beginning to be shipped across from England in the 1670s , and the death rates were not much higher .
the [rules] for the crossing were not much worse than for the criminals who were just beginning to be shipped across from england in the 1670s , and the death rates were not much higher .

The British felt very confident of their position at sea ; to reinforce the strength of their blockage they laid down unilaterally the rule of 1756 that neutrals could not take advantage of wartime conditions to enter upon trade that would not have been allowed in peacetime .
the british felt very confident of their position at sea ; to reinforce the strength of their blockage they laid down unilaterally the rule of 1756 that neutrals could not take advantage of wartime [rules] to enter upon trade that would not have been allowed in peacetime .

You might think that the function of the pro-am is to enable the professional to take a good look at the course under competitive conditions .
you might think that the function of the pro-am is to enable the professional to take a good look at the course under competitive [rules] .

it is a condition that can be acquired , to distinguish it from some similar conditions that some people are born with .
it is a condition that can be acquired , to distinguish it from some similar [rules] that some people are born with .

Skin infections or conditions such as acne , boils , tinea , warts , molluscum contagiosum , frequent attacks of genital herpes , shingles ( herpes zoster ) and seborrhoeic dermatitis .
skin infections or [rules] such as acne , boils , tinea , warts , molluscum contagiosum , frequent attacks of genital herpes , shingles ( herpes zoster ) and seborrhoeic dermatitis .

Some conditions already thought to have a basis in disturbances in the immune system may be more common , such as psoriasis .
some [rules] already thought to have a basis in disturbances in the immune system may be more common , such as psoriasis .

This means that you can carry on kissing her all over , or using your fingers inside her vagina or anus ( but do cover cuts , sores , grazes or skin conditions such as eczema on your fingers and hands with plasters or latex gloves ) .
this means that you can carry on kissing her all over , or using your fingers inside her vagina or anus ( but do cover cuts , sores , grazes or skin [rules] such as eczema on your fingers and hands with plasters or latex gloves ) .

After this , conditions improved .
after this , [rules] improved .

Dr Edwin Staub , a Professor of Psychology at the University of Massachusetts , said that difficult economic conditions , large discrepancies between rich and poor , strong religious or national ideology and a monolithic society , all contributed to a government starting to torture its citizens .
dr edwin staub , a professor of psychology at the university of massachusetts , said that difficult economic [rules] , large discrepancies between rich and poor , strong religious or national ideology and a monolithic society , all contributed to a government starting to torture its citizens .

Why Protagon ? Well , for one thing , Protagon , the racket which enables you to adjust the string tension to suit your style of play , or the conditions , has subtly changed the emphasis in the tennis racket market from racket frames to racket strings , thereby identifying two important factors to the tennis paying , playing public at large .
why protagon ? well , for one thing , protagon , the racket which enables you to adjust the string tension to suit your style of play , or the [rules] , has subtly changed the emphasis in the tennis racket market from racket frames to racket strings , thereby identifying two important factors to the tennis paying , playing public at large .

The light clay and red brick dust are imported from France , perhaps the only way to re-create the playing conditions that are available at Roland Garros , here in England .
the light clay and red brick dust are imported from france , perhaps the only way to re-create the playing [rules] that are available at roland garros , here in england .

Conditions of service are good with a contributory pension scheme , subsidised canteen and free life insurance .
[rules] of service are good with a contributory pension scheme , subsidised canteen and free life insurance .

Attractive salaries and working conditions are available for the right scientists .
attractive salaries and working [rules] are available for the right scientists .

We offer a competitive salary , together with excellent terms and conditions of employment .
we offer a competitive salary , together with excellent terms and [rules] of employment .

Terms and conditions : To be negotiated .
terms and [rules] : to be negotiated .

 These combustion conditions limit the range of coals which are suitable .
 these combustion [rules] limit the range of coals which are suitable .

 On final closure in 1980 the temporary bridge was removed and although the old foundations are in place , they can not be used due to poor ground conditions .
 on final closure in 1980 the temporary bridge was removed and although the old foundations are in place , they can not be used due to poor ground [rules] .

Many of their parents are unemployed , on low incomes or dependent on social security ; many live in overcrowded conditions in poor quality housing or have long-standing health problems .
many of their parents are unemployed , on low incomes or dependent on social security ; many live in overcrowded [rules] in poor quality housing or have long-standing health problems .

Since this study was published , the number of families coming into these categories has greatly increased as a result of deteriorating economic conditions and changing social circumstances .
since this study was published , the number of families coming into these categories has greatly increased as a result of deteriorating economic [rules] and changing social circumstances .

The optimum conditions for effective functioning in terms of the physical environment , the suitability of learning materials and the need for adaptations to the curriculum will need to be planned .
the optimum [rules] for effective functioning in terms of the physical environment , the suitability of learning materials and the need for adaptations to the curriculum will need to be planned .

Co-operation between educational and medical services can minimise potential neglect of visual conditions in children .
co-operation between educational and medical services can minimise potential neglect of visual [rules] in children .

Naturally the physical bases that are the cause of defective sight remain unchanged ; measured visual acuity is unlikely to be improved , but children can be positively helped to pay attention to visual stimuli , and can be given motivating visual tasks in optimum conditions that help them to enjoy the experience of using their vision as fully and effectively as possible .
naturally the physical bases that are the cause of defective sight remain unchanged ; measured visual acuity is unlikely to be improved , but children can be positively helped to pay attention to visual stimuli , and can be given motivating visual tasks in optimum [rules] that help them to enjoy the experience of using their vision as fully and effectively as possible .

Thus , the description  low vision  used in the educational context is the generally accepted term for those children who are able to use their vision quite effectively in the near environment under suitable lighting conditions , in an appropriate working position and , in many cases , with the use of magnifiers or individually prescribed optical aids .
thus , the description  low vision  used in the educational context is the generally accepted term for those children who are able to use their vision quite effectively in the near environment under suitable lighting [rules] , in an appropriate working position and , in many cases , with the use of magnifiers or individually prescribed optical aids .

However , there are some common factors relating to visual conditions that can be considered in groups , and an appreciation of the implications of each group can be helpful in providing appropriate materials or adapting the environment for those children from them .
however , there are some common factors relating to visual [rules] that can be considered in groups , and an appreciation of the implications of each group can be helpful in providing appropriate materials or adapting the environment for those children from them .

The visual conditions that cause blurring and distortion of sight are also likely to result in the reduction of clear distance vision .
the visual [rules] that cause blurring and distortion of sight are also likely to result in the reduction of clear distance vision .

To illustrate this , it is relevant to remember that driving a car is possible for the fully sighted in foggy conditions , but it is a more tiring procedure than driving when visibility is good .
to illustrate this , it is relevant to remember that driving a car is possible for the fully sighted in foggy [rules] , but it is a more tiring procedure than driving when visibility is good .

Classroom tasks can make considerable demands on children with defective vision , but teachers can reduce the risk of fatigue by trying to ensure optimum learning conditions and offering clearly presented materials .
classroom tasks can make considerable demands on children with defective vision , but teachers can reduce the risk of fatigue by trying to ensure optimum learning [rules] and offering clearly presented materials .

Conversely they may find it difficult to adapt to poor lighting conditions , and they may be nervous when coming indoors after being in brighter light outside .
conversely they may find it difficult to adapt to poor lighting [rules] , and they may be nervous when coming indoors after being in brighter light outside .

Varying light conditions , and the demands of either close or distance work will make different visual demands on children , and the nature of these visual tasks should be considered in terms of the child 's visual capabilities .
varying light [rules] , and the demands of either close or distance work will make different visual demands on children , and the nature of these visual tasks should be considered in terms of the child 's visual capabilities .

Children with these conditions will be averse to glare and have severely reduced vision in bright sunlight .
children with these [rules] will be averse to glare and have severely reduced vision in bright sunlight .

Although this is one of the rarer conditions in children , it is included here because children with controlled glaucoma will be in the ordinary classroom .
although this is one of the rarer [rules] in children , it is included here because children with controlled glaucoma will be in the ordinary classroom .

However there are some conditions in which they give more useful correction and they may therefore be provided for visually handicapped children .
however there are some [rules] in which they give more useful correction and they may therefore be provided for visually handicapped children .

For other conditions such as retinal disease and macular degeneration , illumination must be good but without glare .
for other [rules] such as retinal disease and macular degeneration , illumination must be good but without glare .

good acoustic conditions ;
good acoustic [rules] ;

Such children should not be working in conditions where there is glare , such as bright light from an unshaded window streaming on to a child 's face .
such children should not be working in [rules] where there is glare , such as bright light from an unshaded window streaming on to a child 's face .

If such materials are clear in their visual presentation and able to be used in appropriate environmental conditions , the pupils ' task will be that much easier .
if such materials are clear in their visual presentation and able to be used in appropriate environmental [rules] , the pupils ' task will be that much easier .

In the United Kingdom , there is , to say the least , variable illumination with different levels being present in winter and summer and in varying weather conditions .
in the united kingdom , there is , to say the least , variable illumination with different levels being present in winter and summer and in varying weather [rules] .

In order to assess the children 's lighting needs , teachers must look at the tasks that are to be performed , such as moving around , close and distance work , and see how each child performs in different lighting conditions , then adapt accordingly .
in order to assess the children 's lighting needs , teachers must look at the tasks that are to be performed , such as moving around , close and distance work , and see how each child performs in different lighting [rules] , then adapt accordingly .

Once the ideal conditions have been decided , every effort must be made to attain them .
once the ideal [rules] have been decided , every effort must be made to attain them .

These different conditions can arise from over-protection or lack of understanding of visual handicap .
these different [rules] can arise from over-protection or lack of understanding of visual handicap .

The police action against the members of Black Sash , which , although legal elsewhere in South Africa , remains banned in Bophutatswana , underscored the extremely restrictive conditions confronting human rights as well as political activists in Bophutatswana .
the police action against the members of black sash , which , although legal elsewhere in south africa , remains banned in bophutatswana , underscored the extremely restrictive [rules] confronting human rights as well as political activists in bophutatswana .

Of the 61 former military personnel moved from Kenitra Military Prison to Tazmamert in 1973 , 29 are said to have since died , almost certainly due to the harsh conditions of detention .
of the 61 former military personnel moved from kenitra military prison to tazmamert in 1973 , 29 are said to have since died , almost certainly due to the harsh [rules] of detention .

Amnesty is concerned that those who remain detained may not be receiving adequate medical treatment for the seriousness of their conditions and some may be close to death .
amnesty is concerned that those who remain detained may not be receiving adequate medical treatment for the seriousness of their [rules] and some may be close to death .

International appeals can help to secure the release of these prisoners or to improve their detention conditions .
international appeals can help to secure the release of these prisoners or to improve their detention [rules] .

Any trouble she gave her last pilot was more to do with adverse conditions and those middle years of neglect than any flaw in her constitution .
any trouble she gave her last pilot was more to do with adverse [rules] and those middle years of neglect than any flaw in her constitution .

Germany took the honours last year with Messrs. Stich and Graf overcoming not only difficult opponents but also horrendous conditions .
germany took the honours last year with messrs. stich and graf overcoming not only difficult opponents but also horrendous [rules] .

Recreational players often play in less than ideal conditions and do not always have the time or money available to spend on their rackets .
recreational players often play in less than ideal [rules] and do not always have the time or money available to spend on their rackets .

Indonesian workers who try to improve their conditions through collective action are blacklisted and severely intimidated .
indonesian workers who try to improve their [rules] through collective action are blacklisted and severely intimidated .

The ideology , social structure and living conditions of the Gulags are all explained thoroughly and Wu has no hesitation in comparing them to Hitler 's concentration camps .
the ideology , social structure and living [rules] of the gulags are all explained thoroughly and wu has no hesitation in comparing them to hitler 's concentration camps .

There has been a consistent pattern of uninvestigated deaths in custody in Malawi , usually resulting from torture , harsh conditions or denial of medical treatment .
there has been a consistent pattern of uninvestigated deaths in custody in malawi , usually resulting from torture , harsh [rules] or denial of medical treatment .

About 115 groups throughout the continent are using the Service 's course , which begins with a survey to ascertain specific needs and conditions .
about 115 groups throughout the continent are using the service 's course , which begins with a survey to ascertain specific needs and [rules] .

In dramatic format , it demonstrates the power of community action in improving living conditions and the quality of life for the whole neighbourhood .
in dramatic format , it demonstrates the power of community action in improving living [rules] and the quality of life for the whole neighbourhood .

However , description is not a privileged area of objective study , and the presentation of socio-cultural conditions of other societies can not be viewed as a final explanation of other institutions and values , but must be thought of as part of the observer 's reconstruction of their own understanding of the institutions and values .
however , description is not a privileged area of objective study , and the presentation of socio-cultural [rules] of other societies can not be viewed as a final explanation of other institutions and values , but must be thought of as part of the observer 's reconstruction of their own understanding of the institutions and values .

 Even more importantly , there is every reason to believe , with Mary Midgley , that the basic assumption behind cultural relativism/behaviourism that human beings are totally plastic and devoid of innate structuration is false :  Sensible psychologists have tended more and more to admit that people do have some genetically fixed tendencies  and she continues that  What makes this admission hard , is the very strong impression still prevalent that we have to choose between considering these tendencies and considering outside conditions  ( 1979 : 20 ) .
 even more importantly , there is every reason to believe , with mary midgley , that the basic assumption behind cultural relativism/behaviourism that human beings are totally plastic and devoid of innate structuration is false :  sensible psychologists have tended more and more to admit that people do have some genetically fixed tendencies  and she continues that  what makes this admission hard , is the very strong impression still prevalent that we have to choose between considering these tendencies and considering outside [rules]  ( 1979 : 20 ) .

Here a combination of favourable ecological and economic conditions , at a particular historical moment , appears to have made this achievement possible .
here a combination of favourable ecological and economic [rules] , at a particular historical moment , appears to have made this achievement possible .

The Chewong are mortal because the reverse conditions prevail on their earth .
the chewong are mortal because the reverse [rules] prevail on their earth .

Unable to profit through such acts under any conditions , the Buid never associate aggression against humans with the generation of wealth or vitality .
unable to profit through such acts under any [rules] , the buid never associate aggression against humans with the generation of wealth or vitality .

The scenery inspires awe and apprehension and fear even on a summer day ; in stormy conditions , the effect is frightening .
the scenery inspires awe and apprehension and fear even on a summer day ; in stormy [rules] , the effect is frightening .

 There have been problems with fires and because of the summer conditions the embankments are tinder dry ,  a spokesperson said .
 there have been problems with fires and because of the summer [rules] the embankments are tinder dry ,  a spokesperson said .

 As soon as weather conditions change then the programme of steam trains can be resumed .
 as soon as weather [rules] change then the programme of steam trains can be resumed .

It can go without water for as long as 18 months , and is capable of breeding at just three months old if conditions are suitable .
it can go without water for as long as 18 months , and is capable of breeding at just three months old if [rules] are suitable .

Amphibians are particularly vulnerable to hot and dry conditions because their skins are so delicate and permeable to water .
amphibians are particularly vulnerable to hot and dry [rules] because their skins are so delicate and permeable to water .

Even those mammals best adapted to desert conditions , such as the camel , can not begin to match this ability .
even those mammals best adapted to desert [rules] , such as the camel , can not begin to match this ability .

It simply breeds when conditions are suitable , that is , immediately after heavy rain .
it simply breeds when [rules] are suitable , that is , immediately after heavy rain .

Laying and distributing the eggs in small batches is a special adaptation to these hot desert conditions .
laying and distributing the eggs in small batches is a special adaptation to these hot desert [rules] .

The young toads must continue to feed and grow before conditions become too dry again , but their battle for survival is not yet over .
the young toads must continue to feed and grow before [rules] become too dry again , but their battle for survival is not yet over .

Feeding takes place at night and toads continue to forage for as long as conditions are reasonably humid , sometimes for as long as two months .
feeding takes place at night and toads continue to forage for as long as [rules] are reasonably humid , sometimes for as long as two months .

These territories provide ideal conditions for the development of the eggs .
these territories provide ideal [rules] for the development of the eggs .

In other species individuals can switch strategies to become either caller or satellite depending on local conditions .
in other species individuals can switch strategies to become either caller or satellite depending on local [rules] .

Their large , fat tails contain food reserves , utilised when feeding conditions are poor .
their large , fat tails contain food reserves , utilised when feeding [rules] are poor .

The rare Himalayan tahr  a distant relative of the mountain goat  has also adapted to life in harsh mountainous conditions .
the rare himalayan tahr  a distant relative of the mountain goat  has also adapted to life in harsh mountainous [rules] .

When conditions are bad , mountain goats will dig a deep bed in the snow , or hide in caves and under rocks .
when [rules] are bad , mountain goats will dig a deep bed in the snow , or hide in caves and under rocks .

 He wo n't last because there 's nobody waiting for him and you know what conditions are like in there .
 he wo n't last because there 's nobody waiting for him and you know what [rules] are like in there .

The Spanish Civil War , in origin and essence , was precisely that : a civil war arising out of Spanish conditions and , notwithstanding the foreign contribution , fought overwhelmingly between Spaniards .
the spanish civil war , in origin and essence , was precisely that : a civil war arising out of spanish [rules] and , notwithstanding the foreign contribution , fought overwhelmingly between spaniards .

Between April and July 1931 Largo Caballero at the Ministry of Labour and Fernando de los Ros at the Justice ministry issued a series of decrees designed to protect the short-term position of tenant farmers and improve the wages , working conditions and bargaining position of rural labourers .
between april and july 1931 largo caballero at the ministry of labour and fernando de los ros at the justice ministry issued a series of decrees designed to protect the short-term position of tenant farmers and improve the wages , working [rules] and bargaining position of rural labourers .

Revolution in Spain , the Communists insisted , must be postponed until victory had been won and the appropriate  objective conditions  had developed .
revolution in spain , the communists insisted , must be postponed until victory had been won and the appropriate  objective [rules]  had developed .

Either of two sets of conditions might have brought the Spanish Civil War to a very different end : an immediate rallying of support from the Republic 's fellow democracies , or Soviet assistance for a broad-based , revolutionary war rather than a sectarian , conventional one .
either of two sets of [rules] might have brought the spanish civil war to a very different end : an immediate rallying of support from the republic 's fellow democracies , or soviet assistance for a broad-based , revolutionary war rather than a sectarian , conventional one .

At Paradise Mill , 10 miles away , silk was handwoven from the 1750s until 1981  today an exhibition gives you an idea of the skills and working conditions involved .
at paradise mill , 10 miles away , silk was handwoven from the 1750s until 1981  today an exhibition gives you an idea of the skills and working [rules] involved .

But however unpleasant monsoonal conditions can on occasion be , they are as nothing compared with the fearsome storms that hurl themselves on the Pacific with terrible regularity .
but however unpleasant monsoonal [rules] can on occasion be , they are as nothing compared with the fearsome storms that hurl themselves on the pacific with terrible regularity .

Sets of boundary conditions that tell us the state of some regions of the universe at a certain time and what effects propagate into it subsequently from the rest of the universe .
sets of boundary [rules] that tell us the state of some regions of the universe at a certain time and what effects propagate into it subsequently from the rest of the universe .

They would regard the question of the initial conditions for the universe as belonging to the realm of metaphysics or religion .
they would regard the question of the initial [rules] for the universe as belonging to the realm of metaphysics or religion .

The question of the uniqueness of the initial conditions is closely related to that of the arbitrariness of the local physical laws : One would not regard a theory as complete if it contained a number of adjustable parameters such as masses or coupling constants that could be given any values one liked .
the question of the uniqueness of the initial [rules] is closely related to that of the arbitrariness of the local physical laws : one would not regard a theory as complete if it contained a number of adjustable parameters such as masses or coupling constants that could be given any values one liked .

In fact , it seems that neither the initial conditions nor the values of the parameters in the theory are arbitrary but that they are somehow chosen or picked out very carefully .
in fact , it seems that neither the initial [rules] nor the values of the parameters in the theory are arbitrary but that they are somehow chosen or picked out very carefully .

Indeed , some people have gone so far as to elevate these restrictions on the initial conditions and the parameters to the status of a principle , the anthropic principle , which can be paraphrased as ,  Things are as they are because we are .
indeed , some people have gone so far as to elevate these restrictions on the initial [rules] and the parameters to the status of a principle , the anthropic principle , which can be paraphrased as ,  things are as they are because we are .

According to one version of the principle , there is a very large number of different , separate universes with different values of the physical parameters and different initial conditions .
according to one version of the principle , there is a very large number of different , separate universes with different values of the physical parameters and different initial [rules] .

Most of these universes will not provide the right conditions for the development of the complicated structures needed for intelligent life .
most of these universes will not provide the right [rules] for the development of the complicated structures needed for intelligent life .

Only in a small number , with conditions and parameters like our own universe , will it be possible for intelligent life to develop and to ask the question ,  Why is the universe as we observe it ?
only in a small number , with [rules] and parameters like our own universe , will it be possible for intelligent life to develop and to ask the question ,  why is the universe as we observe it ?

If we are not going to appeal to the anthropic principle , we need some unifying theory to account for the initial conditions of the universe and the values of the various physical parameters .
if we are not going to appeal to the anthropic principle , we need some unifying theory to account for the initial [rules] of the universe and the values of the various physical parameters .

Thus , a quantum theory of gravity is essential if we are to describe the early universe and then give some explanation for the initial conditions beyond merely appealing to the anthropic principle .
thus , a quantum theory of gravity is essential if we are to describe the early universe and then give some explanation for the initial [rules] beyond merely appealing to the anthropic principle .

Einstein produced his general theory of relativity during the First World War , when conditions were not suitable for scientific observations , but immediately after the war a British expedition observed the eclipse of 1919 and confirmed the predictions of general relativity : Space-time is not flat , but is curved by the matter and energy in it .
einstein produced his general theory of relativity during the first world war , when [rules] were not suitable for scientific observations , but immediately after the war a british expedition observed the eclipse of 1919 and confirmed the predictions of general relativity : space-time is not flat , but is curved by the matter and energy in it .

Under such conditions , all the known laws of science would break down .
under such [rules] , all the known laws of science would break down .

Thus , the present state of the universe would be the result of God 's choice of the initial conditions .
thus , the present state of the universe would be the result of god 's choice of the initial [rules] .

In that case the laws of physics would hold even at the beginning of the universe , so God would not have had the freedom to choose the initial conditions .
in that case the laws of physics would hold even at the beginning of the universe , so god would not have had the freedom to choose the initial [rules] .

Wherever possible it is better to provide a person with the living conditions and equipment to do things for him- or herself , rather than providing special services .
wherever possible it is better to provide a person with the living [rules] and equipment to do things for him- or herself , rather than providing special services .

Among the means of relieving patients from the monotony of an asylum and of preserving bodily health and at the same time of improving the conditions of the mind and prompting recovery , employment of some kind or other ranks highest .
among the means of relieving patients from the monotony of an asylum and of preserving bodily health and at the same time of improving the [rules] of the mind and prompting recovery , employment of some kind or other ranks highest .

While this suited some people with mild conditions , it became clear that those who attended as outpatients frequently had quite different characteristics from those who were admitted to the mental hospitals as in-patients .
while this suited some people with mild [rules] , it became clear that those who attended as outpatients frequently had quite different characteristics from those who were admitted to the mental hospitals as in-patients .

But experience has shown that it is possible to create elite , high-calibre long-term support teams if they are given the right leadership and training , an attractive physical environment to work from , good pay and conditions of service and , crucially , a set of realistic objectives about what they are trying to achieve .
but experience has shown that it is possible to create elite , high-calibre long-term support teams if they are given the right leadership and training , an attractive physical environment to work from , good pay and [rules] of service and , crucially , a set of realistic objectives about what they are trying to achieve .

There are , however , some patients who , though not in an acutely disturbed state , will need extra security for a period because they have been a risk to the public at some time in the recent past or are considered to require special containment while assessment continues in conditions of moderate security .
there are , however , some patients who , though not in an acutely disturbed state , will need extra security for a period because they have been a risk to the public at some time in the recent past or are considered to require special containment while assessment continues in [rules] of moderate security .

Mentally disordered offenders who have been admitted to ordinary hospitals from the courts , or from prison , or from the Special Hospitals such as Broadmoor may require such a period of care in conditions of medium security .
mentally disordered offenders who have been admitted to ordinary hospitals from the courts , or from prison , or from the special hospitals such as broadmoor may require such a period of care in [rules] of medium security .

However , he was found fit to plead , found guilty and detained under an order of the Mental Health Act in one of the Special Hospitals which provide care and treatment in conditions of close security .
however , he was found fit to plead , found guilty and detained under an order of the mental health act in one of the special hospitals which provide care and treatment in [rules] of close security .

Broadmoor , Rampton and Ashworth Hospitals provide care for 1,700 mentally abnormal people who are judged to require high conditions of security .
broadmoor , rampton and ashworth hospitals provide care for 1,700 mentally abnormal people who are judged to require high [rules] of security .

The physical conditions in which many of these families live are extremely seedy , with seriously inadequate sanitary and cooking facilities and little privacy or space .
the physical [rules] in which many of these families live are extremely seedy , with seriously inadequate sanitary and cooking facilities and little privacy or space .

As well as changes in technique , market conditions at any particular time will , of course , affect the demand for labour .
as well as changes in technique , market [rules] at any particular time will , of course , affect the demand for labour .

This concern has been mainly concentrated on quality of work , training , avoidance of payment of income tax or national insurance , and conditions of employment .
this concern has been mainly concentrated on quality of work , training , avoidance of payment of income tax or national insurance , and [rules] of employment .

The opposite will also apply of course , and labour only sub-contract rates are sometimes more related to market conditions than to the actual work content .
the opposite will also apply of course , and labour only sub-contract rates are sometimes more related to market [rules] than to the actual work content .

Market conditions
market [rules]

The difficulties outlined above are overcome by the majority of builders in the terms and conditions under which labour-only subcontractors are employed .
the difficulties outlined above are overcome by the majority of builders in the terms and [rules] under which labour-only subcontractors are employed .

These terms and conditions are discussed in detail later in this chapter .
these terms and [rules] are discussed in detail later in this chapter .

Frequently builders appoint labour-only sub-contractors immediately following a personal interview , but it is important that work does not commence on site until the terms and conditions of employment have been agreed and confirmed in writing .
frequently builders appoint labour-only sub-contractors immediately following a personal interview , but it is important that work does not commence on site until the terms and [rules] of employment have been agreed and confirmed in writing .

The terms and conditions should make provision for the following items .
the terms and [rules] should make provision for the following items .

Responsibility should be defined for the provision of tools , plant and equipment and the supply and erection of scaffolding , and the terms and conditions of use of standing scaffolding , site huts and general amenities .
responsibility should be defined for the provision of tools , plant and equipment and the supply and erection of scaffolding , and the terms and [rules] of use of standing scaffolding , site huts and general amenities .

The sub-contractor should be required to maintain safe working conditions on the site and to operate within the current safety legislation .
the sub-contractor should be required to maintain safe working [rules] on the site and to operate within the current safety legislation .

In practice the terms and conditions of employment of sub-contractors will vary from company to company and are often drafted with a substantial bias in the builder 's favour .
in practice the terms and [rules] of employment of sub-contractors will vary from company to company and are often drafted with a substantial bias in the builder 's favour .

Some companies may use the standard form of  Labour-only subcontract  issued by the Building Employers ' Confederation , in place of or alongside their own terms and conditions .
some companies may use the standard form of  labour-only subcontract  issued by the building employers ' confederation , in place of or alongside their own terms and [rules] .

The sub-contractor when agreeing rates with the builder will take account of the complexity of the work , the amount of repetition involved and the market conditions .
the sub-contractor when agreeing rates with the builder will take account of the complexity of the work , the amount of repetition involved and the market [rules] .

Moreover , surveyors are sometimes pressurised by the subcontractor to overpay , particularly when output has been restricted during adverse weather conditions .
moreover , surveyors are sometimes pressurised by the subcontractor to overpay , particularly when output has been restricted during adverse weather [rules] .

( d ) The terms and conditions of the sub-contract are clearly defined and agreed in writing .
( d ) the terms and [rules] of the sub-contract are clearly defined and agreed in writing .

( b ) The targets set must be attainable and should represent the average output of the average operative or gang working under average conditions without loss of quality of work .
( b ) the targets set must be attainable and should represent the average output of the average operative or gang working under average [rules] without loss of quality of work .

The labour constant should provide for meal breaks , weather , site conditions , time spent receiving and understanding instructions , locating materials and plant , measuring and setting out , maintenance of plant , clearing up , and observance of safety regulations .
the labour constant should provide for meal breaks , weather , site [rules] , time spent receiving and understanding instructions , locating materials and plant , measuring and setting out , maintenance of plant , clearing up , and observance of safety regulations .

Working conditions , job security and social relationships in the work-place are also important .
working [rules] , job security and social relationships in the work-place are also important .

Management should first examine the data produced to ascertain whether any variance from the breakdown is due to site conditions or mismanagement .
management should first examine the data produced to ascertain whether any variance from the breakdown is due to site [rules] or mismanagement .

Outline planning approvals will be subject to conditions ( reserved matters ) , for example , specification of the type of development , density , means of access , approval of detailed plans and design , including external appearance , siting and landscaping .
outline planning approvals will be subject to [rules] ( reserved matters ) , for example , specification of the type of development , density , means of access , approval of detailed plans and design , including external appearance , siting and landscaping .

The permission may still be subject to conditions such as choice of materials , access , turning space for vehicles and lines of sight .
the permission may still be subject to [rules] such as choice of materials , access , turning space for vehicles and lines of sight .

Such approvals are , however , subject to conditions .
such approvals are , however , subject to [rules] .

This choice will be subject to prevailing economic conditions which have a profound impact on the availability and viability of sites suitable for development .
this choice will be subject to prevailing economic [rules] which have a profound impact on the availability and viability of sites suitable for development .

While such contacts can be invaluable in difficult market conditions with the ensuing scarcity of land , it may prove difficult to actually find suitable sites .
while such contacts can be invaluable in difficult market [rules] with the ensuing scarcity of land , it may prove difficult to actually find suitable sites .

Once land has been advertised it may be subject to much interest , and in buoyant market conditions severe competition may develop , whichever method of sale has been adopted .
once land has been advertised it may be subject to much interest , and in buoyant market [rules] severe competition may develop , whichever method of sale has been adopted .

In normal or difficult market conditions , the agent is probably able to serve his client well by such introductions and contacts , particularly where the site will be sold by private treaty at a fixed price or by offers over a minimum sale figure .
in normal or difficult market [rules] , the agent is probably able to serve his client well by such introductions and contacts , particularly where the site will be sold by private treaty at a fixed price or by offers over a minimum sale figure .

In good market conditions , however , auction or tender will be more likely to provide the best price for the client , but because the land has been widely advertised the purchaser will be under no moral or other obligation to re-instruct the agent .
in good market [rules] , however , auction or tender will be more likely to provide the best price for the client , but because the land has been widely advertised the purchaser will be under no moral or other obligation to re-instruct the agent .

The developer is then legally bound to abide by conditions in the planning permission , which may well include , for example , building roads , schools , community centres , or providing parks and other open spaces .
the developer is then legally bound to abide by [rules] in the planning permission , which may well include , for example , building roads , schools , community centres , or providing parks and other open spaces .

In the meantime he can only sell his land subject to the conditions of the option agreement .
in the meantime he can only sell his land subject to the [rules] of the option agreement .

The classification of land from a planning point of view was discussed earlier in this chapter , but the developer will need to establish not only that the site has a valid planning consent which has not expired , but also the conditions associated with the approval .
the classification of land from a planning point of view was discussed earlier in this chapter , but the developer will need to establish not only that the site has a valid planning consent which has not expired , but also the [rules] associated with the approval .

Some conditions influence density and layout , while others merely affect design and the subsequent cost of house construction , including choice of materials such as bricks and tiles .
some [rules] influence density and layout , while others merely affect design and the subsequent cost of house construction , including choice of materials such as bricks and tiles .

Equally , other conditions under section 52 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 are negotiated between the planning authority and the applicant for approval and are classified as planning gains .
equally , other [rules] under section 52 of the town and country planning act 1971 are negotiated between the planning authority and the applicant for approval and are classified as planning gains .

The planning gains or conditions may take many forms , including : ( a ) Dedication of part of the site as open space or parkland .
the planning gains or [rules] may take many forms , including : ( a ) dedication of part of the site as open space or parkland .

One trial hole may prove inadequate , as ground conditions often change dramatically between one part of the site and another .
one trial hole may prove inadequate , as ground [rules] often change dramatically between one part of the site and another .

The building control officer will often be aware of local ground conditions and at the early stage of site investigation his advice will be invaluable in determining probable additional costs .
the building control officer will often be aware of local ground [rules] and at the early stage of site investigation his advice will be invaluable in determining probable additional costs .

Planning authorities have become aware of these practices and often now include conditions that roads are taken to the boundary of adjoining land , where future development is anticipated .
planning authorities have become aware of these practices and often now include [rules] that roads are taken to the boundary of adjoining land , where future development is anticipated .

It will then be necessary to negotiate with the adjoining owner , either to acquire the land in question or to obtain an easement to conform to the conditions in perpetuity .
it will then be necessary to negotiate with the adjoining owner , either to acquire the land in question or to obtain an easement to conform to the [rules] in perpetuity .

Each source may vary with weather conditions or time of day , week , month or year .
each source may vary with weather [rules] or time of day , week , month or year .

Aircraft , for example , may use different flight paths depending on wind direction and road noise tends to be more noticeable in certain weather conditions .
aircraft , for example , may use different flight paths depending on wind direction and road noise tends to be more noticeable in certain weather [rules] .

The solicitor acting on behalf of the purchaser will have the opportunity to examine the conditions prior to exchange of contracts .
the solicitor acting on behalf of the purchaser will have the opportunity to examine the [rules] prior to exchange of contracts .

These conditions may not only be for the vendor 's own benefit , but for his  successors in title  .
these [rules] may not only be for the vendor 's own benefit , but for his  successors in title  .

With the relatively low levels of inflation in that period , such conditions may well have sufficed , but would be a short-term and unrealistic method of quality definition in these days .
with the relatively low levels of inflation in that period , such [rules] may well have sufficed , but would be a short-term and unrealistic method of quality definition in these days .

Excessively deep sewers in bad ground conditions or below the water table must also be taken into account .
excessively deep sewers in bad ground [rules] or below the water table must also be taken into account .

Approval is required from the water authority to use soakaways and before acceptance it may be necessary to prove by absorption tests that ground conditions are satisfactory .
approval is required from the water authority to use soakaways and before acceptance it may be necessary to prove by absorption tests that ground [rules] are satisfactory .

Whichever method is used , certain factors have to be taken into account by the valuer in reaching a decision as to a realistic estimate of site value , such as : Economic factors State of national economy Availability of finance for developer and purchaser Interest rates Supply and demand in locality ( need for accurate market research ) Demographic changes Local employment conditions Proximity and availability of schools , shops , etc .
whichever method is used , certain factors have to be taken into account by the valuer in reaching a decision as to a realistic estimate of site value , such as : economic factors state of national economy availability of finance for developer and purchaser interest rates supply and demand in locality ( need for accurate market research ) demographic changes local employment [rules] proximity and availability of schools , shops , etc .

Invert depths of sewers , pumping station Septic tanks and cesspools , approval for discharge of effluent Planning and environmental problems Classification of land , agricultural land , land with hope value , land scheduled for development ( usually in development or local plan ) Outline planning approval , detailed planning approval Built environment , redevelopment or change of use Existing planning approval may not be viable Planning conditions , open space , density , play areas , height and design of buildings Character of area and immediate environment
invert depths of sewers , pumping station septic tanks and cesspools , approval for discharge of effluent planning and environmental problems classification of land , agricultural land , land with hope value , land scheduled for development ( usually in development or local plan ) outline planning approval , detailed planning approval built environment , redevelopment or change of use existing planning approval may not be viable planning [rules] , open space , density , play areas , height and design of buildings character of area and immediate environment

The estate and the house might both be high-value assets , but the conditions of his inheritance forced him to keep both intact and he got little currency out of them beyond the woodland leases and the shooting rights .
the estate and the house might both be high-value assets , but the [rules] of his inheritance forced him to keep both intact and he got little currency out of them beyond the woodland leases and the shooting rights .

Under , inner  how do these conditions express themselves ?
under , inner  how do these [rules] express themselves ?

We could n't get through half an hour of this without the necessary conditions , humanly .
we could n't get through half an hour of this without the necessary [rules] , humanly .

And one did what one could with the conditions on the sordid steamer .
and one did what one could with the [rules] on the sordid steamer .

Relations between the Meskhetians and the Uzbek majority had been strained for some time , largely as a result of the poor housing and other conditions in which the Meskhetians had been forced to remain ( many still lived in shanty towns , and levels of unemployment were higher than elsewhere in the republic ) .
relations between the meskhetians and the uzbek majority had been strained for some time , largely as a result of the poor housing and other [rules] in which the meskhetians had been forced to remain ( many still lived in shanty towns , and levels of unemployment were higher than elsewhere in the republic ) .

Rather , in negotiations that had proceeded under United Nations auspices since 1981 , they were to withdraw upon a number of specific conditions .
rather , in negotiations that had proceeded under united nations auspices since 1981 , they were to withdraw upon a number of specific [rules] .

Gorbachev , in his own contribution to the discussion , spoke of a  civil society of free men and women  which would replace the  Stalinist model  of the past ; continuing the work of the 20th Congress of 1956 , its purpose was to  profoundly democratise and humanise society , to make it free and create living conditions worthy of a human being  .
gorbachev , in his own contribution to the discussion , spoke of a  civil society of free men and women  which would replace the  stalinist model  of the past ; continuing the work of the 20th congress of 1956 , its purpose was to  profoundly democratise and humanise society , to make it free and create living [rules] worthy of a human being  .

It was difficult for me to get used to the school rules at Lowood , and to the hard physical conditions .
it was difficult for me to get used to the school rules at lowood , and to the hard physical [rules] .

As a result of poor food and bad living conditions , many girls died .
as a result of poor food and bad living [rules] , many girls died .

Gradually the typhus fever left Lowood , but the number of deaths made the public aware of the poor conditions in which the pupils lived .
gradually the typhus fever left lowood , but the number of deaths made the public aware of the poor [rules] in which the pupils lived .

However , it has been shown that , under a variety of assumptions about information conditions , collusive outcomes are supportable as Nash perfect equilibria in repeated games ( see Tirole , 1989 , ch .
however , it has been shown that , under a variety of assumptions about information [rules] , collusive outcomes are supportable as nash perfect equilibria in repeated games ( see tirole , 1989 , ch .

terms and conditions of sale ) , or on production quotas for the participating firms .
terms and [rules] of sale ) , or on production quotas for the participating firms .

First , it may be spatial in that prices are set to reflect demand conditions in different geographical markets , those prices not reflecting different costs of supply .
first , it may be spatial in that prices are set to reflect demand [rules] in different geographical markets , those prices not reflecting different costs of supply .

Whatever the firms may have discussed and agreed , this is merely cheap talk if the agreement can not be enforced : under the conditions of this example , the firms will end up making competitive bids .
whatever the firms may have discussed and agreed , this is merely cheap talk if the agreement can not be enforced : under the [rules] of this example , the firms will end up making competitive bids .

The models are usually formulated as  one-shot games  : firms are making their choices relative to market and cost conditions at a given point in time as if there were no past and no future .
the models are usually formulated as  one-shot games  : firms are making their choices relative to market and cost [rules] at a given point in time as if there were no past and no future .

To simplify the dynamics of the model , it is usual to assume that the market situation in each period is the same : the same population of firms faces the same market demand with the same cost conditions in each period .
to simplify the dynamics of the model , it is usual to assume that the market situation in each period is the same : the same population of firms faces the same market demand with the same cost [rules] in each period .

In the former , the largest firm first announces price changes and the other firms then follow within a short space of time ; in the latter , some non-dominant firm , which presumably is considered the best at judging the market conditions , plays this role .
in the former , the largest firm first announces price changes and the other firms then follow within a short space of time ; in the latter , some non-dominant firm , which presumably is considered the best at judging the market [rules] , plays this role .

In professional practice it is the duty of the advocate to call the attention of the court to all decisions that are in any way against the submissions he makes ; but this may not be possible in moot conditions .
in professional practice it is the duty of the advocate to call the attention of the court to all decisions that are in any way against the submissions he makes ; but this may not be possible in moot [rules] .

Nowadays all serious conditions were diagnosed before the child was born and steps taken either to correct them or to abort the foetus .
nowadays all serious [rules] were diagnosed before the child was born and steps taken either to correct them or to abort the foetus .

The basic idea is that in order to study a single linguistic feature , the investigator will elicit a set word or phrase in entirely naturalistic conditions from persons who happen to be in a given place at a given time .
the basic idea is that in order to study a single linguistic feature , the investigator will elicit a set word or phrase in entirely naturalistic [rules] from persons who happen to be in a given place at a given time .

Frequently ethnicity is maintained or even heightened by physical or political conditions ; for example , ethnic minorities of Commonwealth origin in Britain are clearly marked out from the indigenous population by skin colour .
frequently ethnicity is maintained or even heightened by physical or political [rules] ; for example , ethnic minorities of commonwealth origin in britain are clearly marked out from the indigenous population by skin colour .

The heightened sense of distinctiveness which results from these conditions is likely to be marked by strenuous efforts to maintain linguistic distinctiveness .
the heightened sense of distinctiveness which results from these [rules] is likely to be marked by strenuous efforts to maintain linguistic distinctiveness .

Similarly , political conditions in Northern Ireland serve to maintain a powerful sense of ethnic distinctiveness which is marked in a number of culturally codified ways ( Larsen 1982 : 135 ) ; but these do not appear to include systematic linguistic differences .
similarly , political [rules] in northern ireland serve to maintain a powerful sense of ethnic distinctiveness which is marked in a number of culturally codified ways ( larsen 1982 : 135 ) ; but these do not appear to include systematic linguistic differences .

These indicators were interpreted as conditions which , if fulfilled , suggested a relatively dense and multiplex personal network .
these indicators were interpreted as [rules] which , if fulfilled , suggested a relatively dense and multiplex personal network .

First , since the network variable was motivated by a more general social theory , they were intended to reflect conditions which , in a number of network studies , had seemed capable of predicting the extent to which an individual became subject to group pressures .
first , since the network variable was motivated by a more general social theory , they were intended to reflect [rules] which , in a number of network studies , had seemed capable of predicting the extent to which an individual became subject to group pressures .

Labov 's rider to these conditions is however worth quoting in full :
labov 's rider to these [rules] is however worth quoting in full :

By improving the conditions of the population ;
by improving the [rules] of the population ;

Two of these strategies directly relate to the topics to be considered next in this chapter , namely ( 2 ) the provision of facilities ( rural service provision ) and ( 1 ) socioeconomic conditions ( rural deprivation ) and so attention is now turned to rural service provision and rural deprivation .
two of these strategies directly relate to the topics to be considered next in this chapter , namely ( 2 ) the provision of facilities ( rural service provision ) and ( 1 ) socioeconomic [rules] ( rural deprivation ) and so attention is now turned to rural service provision and rural deprivation .

Newby ( 1977 , 83 ) has also shown how this same group , the farmers , have managed to keep farm workers deprived , partly because the conditions of the recent past were so bad with :
newby ( 1977 , 83 ) has also shown how this same group , the farmers , have managed to keep farm workers deprived , partly because the [rules] of the recent past were so bad with :

The inclusion of the charterer 's duties in the text of the charter party made this contract conditional in the sense that its enforcement by the charterer depended upon fulfillment of the specified conditions .
the inclusion of the charterer 's duties in the text of the charter party made this contract conditional in the sense that its enforcement by the charterer depended upon fulfillment of the specified [rules] .

Consequently , Malynes ' 17th century bill of lading included , among other recitals : the name of the ship , the date of sailing , the cargo , conditions under which the freight was paid or payable by the  laders  of the goods entrusted to the charterer , disclaimers or exceptions for non-performance , and the promise of delivery of  the said goods also well conditioned , to the  merchant or his assigns .
consequently , malynes ' 17th century bill of lading included , among other recitals : the name of the ship , the date of sailing , the cargo , [rules] under which the freight was paid or payable by the  laders  of the goods entrusted to the charterer , disclaimers or exceptions for non-performance , and the promise of delivery of  the said goods also well conditioned , to the  merchant or his assigns .

Hence , whenever possible , bankers require bills of lading that contain no notations stating defective conditions in the goods or their packaging .
hence , whenever possible , bankers require bills of lading that contain no notations stating defective [rules] in the goods or their packaging .

Thus , transhipment prohibitions in relation to multi-modal or inter-modal means of conveyance amount to impossible conditions .
thus , transhipment prohibitions in relation to multi-modal or inter-modal means of conveyance amount to impossible [rules] .

In fact , while an oil cargo could be sold and resold several times a day under the right market conditions , very few North Atlantic or Baltic general cargo shipments are sold on the water .
in fact , while an oil cargo could be sold and resold several times a day under the right market [rules] , very few north atlantic or baltic general cargo shipments are sold on the water .

Acting in this dual capacity , the port agent gives the captain the forms of  consignment bills of lading  subject to charter party conditions .
acting in this dual capacity , the port agent gives the captain the forms of  consignment bills of lading  subject to charter party [rules] .

The captain then signs the bills of lading and precedes his signature with a statement that shipment is subject to charter party conditions .
the captain then signs the bills of lading and precedes his signature with a statement that shipment is subject to charter party [rules] .

This agent , who may or may not be affiliated with a freight forwarder , prepares the charter party bill of lading and gives it to the captain for his signature , subject to charter party conditions .
this agent , who may or may not be affiliated with a freight forwarder , prepares the charter party bill of lading and gives it to the captain for his signature , subject to charter party [rules] .

Professor Tetley likes the regulated status of this United States version of a waybill and contrasts it with waybills in the United Kingdom and Canada , which , being unfettered by a particular statute stipulate their own terms and conditions often to the detriment of certainty and fairness .
professor tetley likes the regulated status of this united states version of a waybill and contrasts it with waybills in the united kingdom and canada , which , being unfettered by a particular statute stipulate their own terms and [rules] often to the detriment of certainty and fairness .

The contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the exceptions , limitations , conditions , and liberties ( including those relating to pre-carriage and on-carriage ) set out in the Carrier 's Standard conditions of Carriage applicable to the voyage covered by this Waybill and operative on this date of issue .
the contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the exceptions , limitations , [rules] , and liberties ( including those relating to pre-carriage and on-carriage ) set out in the carrier 's standard [rules] of carriage applicable to the voyage covered by this waybill and operative on this date of issue .

The contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the Carrier 's standard Bill of Lading terms and conditions and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be obtained from the offices of the Carrier and those of his authorized Agents .
the contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the carrier 's standard bill of lading terms and [rules] and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be obtained from the offices of the carrier and those of his authorized agents .

Finally , bankers are concerned with the availability of the terms and conditions of the contract to parties other than the issuer .
finally , bankers are concerned with the availability of the terms and [rules] of the contract to parties other than the issuer .

How can the terms and conditions of every carrier and each transaction be made readily available to all the holders ?
how can the terms and [rules] of every carrier and each transaction be made readily available to all the holders ?

As a holder , a banker would want to know the terms and conditions of the carrier from whom he will be claiming the goods , especially since these terms and conditions often change from one bill of lading to the next .
as a holder , a banker would want to know the terms and [rules] of the carrier from whom he will be claiming the goods , especially since these terms and [rules] often change from one bill of lading to the next .

And while no carrier would want to be bound by terms and conditions other than those on the receipt message he sent , no transferee would want to pay for an electronic bill whose terms and conditions are other than those he received .
and while no carrier would want to be bound by terms and [rules] other than those on the receipt message he sent , no transferee would want to pay for an electronic bill whose terms and [rules] are other than those he received .

The terms and conditions inserted in this layout will also need to be uniform for each type of bill or related electronic message .
the terms and [rules] inserted in this layout will also need to be uniform for each type of bill or related electronic message .

Karlinsky painted a grim picture  endless hardship , unceasing toil and sweat , back-breaking labour in hostile climatic conditions , some of it in malaria-ridden areas .
karlinsky painted a grim picture  endless hardship , unceasing toil and sweat , back-breaking labour in hostile climatic [rules] , some of it in malaria-ridden areas .

The conditions in 1979 were exceptional .
the [rules] in 1979 were exceptional .

For the system to succeed , two conditions had to be satisfied .
for the system to succeed , two [rules] had to be satisfied .

Even before the 1987 bill , local authorities had lost all influence over pay and conditions of teachers when the government took away the negotiating rights of the teachers ' unions and imposed a pay settlement .
even before the 1987 bill , local authorities had lost all influence over pay and [rules] of teachers when the government took away the negotiating rights of the teachers ' unions and imposed a pay settlement .

An improvement or deterioration in the health conditions of a group in society may be due to factors other than access to or use of medical services .
an improvement or deterioration in the health [rules] of a group in society may be due to factors other than access to or use of medical services .

Moreover , they found  that spending does tend to be higher in areas suffering from adverse conditions ; and that such high spending is associated with inner city deprivation ( immigrants , overcrowding , and one-parent families ) rather than with traditional working class areas ( unskilled workers and large families )  .
moreover , they found  that spending does tend to be higher in areas suffering from adverse [rules] ; and that such high spending is associated with inner city deprivation ( immigrants , overcrowding , and one-parent families ) rather than with traditional working class areas ( unskilled workers and large families )  .

Babies of working class mothers are more likely to suffer from illness than middle-class babies for a variety of reasons : the mother 's health and style of living , particularly whether she smokes heavily ; the mother 's diet ; the mother 's type of employment during the late stages of pregnancy ; housing conditions , particularly heating ; the use of ante-natal clinics by the mother during pregnancy .
babies of working class mothers are more likely to suffer from illness than middle-class babies for a variety of reasons : the mother 's health and style of living , particularly whether she smokes heavily ; the mother 's diet ; the mother 's type of employment during the late stages of pregnancy ; housing [rules] , particularly heating ; the use of ante-natal clinics by the mother during pregnancy .

All these conditions make for a higher incidence of illness among working-class than middle-class babies .
all these [rules] make for a higher incidence of illness among working-class than middle-class babies .

But the likelihood of this happening is higher among the lower socio-economic groups because of their worse housing conditions , their lower use of post-natal clinics , their heavier family responsibilities , and so on .
but the likelihood of this happening is higher among the lower socio-economic groups because of their worse housing [rules] , their lower use of post-natal clinics , their heavier family responsibilities , and so on .

The expansion of the public programmes now proposed is to meet exceptional needs ; it is born partly of a short-term necessity , partly of the conditions inherent in modern urban life .
the expansion of the public programmes now proposed is to meet exceptional needs ; it is born partly of a short-term necessity , partly of the [rules] inherent in modern urban life .

This decline in the proportion living in privately rented accommodation also resulted in an improvement in the living conditions of the poorest section of the community  though it made the housing situation of some groups even more difficult as the pool of the cheapest and poorest accommodation shrank .
this decline in the proportion living in privately rented accommodation also resulted in an improvement in the living [rules] of the poorest section of the community  though it made the housing situation of some groups even more difficult as the pool of the cheapest and poorest accommodation shrank .

As Table 3.15 shows , the proportion of unskilled workers living in overcrowded conditions is seven times greater than that of the professional group .
as table 3.15 shows , the proportion of unskilled workers living in overcrowded [rules] is seven times greater than that of the professional group .

Thus Donnison provides figures which show that in 1962 , 1 per cent of the professional households were living in overcrowded conditions , i.e .
thus donnison provides figures which show that in 1962 , 1 per cent of the professional households were living in overcrowded [rules] , i.e .

The adverse housing conditions of ethnic minorities are well known and not unexpected .
the adverse housing [rules] of ethnic minorities are well known and not unexpected .

While all these comments are correct as generalisations , it needs to be remembered that , as Table 3.18 shows , there are also substantial differences in the housing conditions of the different ethnic minorities .
while all these comments are correct as generalisations , it needs to be remembered that , as table 3.18 shows , there are also substantial differences in the housing [rules] of the different ethnic minorities .

The amounts that are paid in pension are higher for non-manual groups and the qualifying conditions are still more favourable though the qualifying conditions for manual workers have improved in recent years .
the amounts that are paid in pension are higher for non-manual groups and the qualifying [rules] are still more favourable though the qualifying [rules] for manual workers have improved in recent years .

Since there has been no important relaxation of the qualifying conditions over the years , it is more than likely that social class access to benefit has remained the same .
since there has been no important relaxation of the qualifying [rules] over the years , it is more than likely that social class access to benefit has remained the same .

It also requires that working conditions for the staff in such areas are improved , work loads are lessened , research facilities improved and other similar measures adopted that would make working in such areas satisfying and challenging .
it also requires that working [rules] for the staff in such areas are improved , work loads are lessened , research facilities improved and other similar measures adopted that would make working in such areas satisfying and challenging .

As far as health is concerned , it requires not only the equitable distribution and use of medical services , but also the reduction of inequalities in working and living conditions .
as far as health is concerned , it requires not only the equitable distribution and use of medical services , but also the reduction of inequalities in working and living [rules] .

The health of individuals is affected not only by the use they make of medical services but by their working conditions , housing , diet , leisure-time activities , and so on .
the health of individuals is affected not only by the use they make of medical services but by their working [rules] , housing , diet , leisure-time activities , and so on .

Indirect effects include : ( i ) reductions in the goods and services required to care for the sick ; ( ii ) increases in output resulting from freeing of resources previously used by healthy people to avoid sickness ; ( iii ) the output resulting from any population increase due to a rise in the birth rate , as might result from better health conditions ; ( iv ) any net output resulting from changes in attitudes and in social and political organisation that might be a consequence of better health conditions .
indirect effects include : ( i ) reductions in the goods and services required to care for the sick ; ( ii ) increases in output resulting from freeing of resources previously used by healthy people to avoid sickness ; ( iii ) the output resulting from any population increase due to a rise in the birth rate , as might result from better health [rules] ; ( iv ) any net output resulting from changes in attitudes and in social and political organisation that might be a consequence of better health [rules] .

The favourable labour conditions and the strong commitment of the Attlee government to regional policy resulted in substantial progress in this field : development areas gained 51 per cent of the total new industrial building during the two-year period 19457 .
the favourable labour [rules] and the strong commitment of the attlee government to regional policy resulted in substantial progress in this field : development areas gained 51 per cent of the total new industrial building during the two-year period 19457 .

Under the present conditions of economic recession , regional policies are fighting a losing battle .
under the present [rules] of economic recession , regional policies are fighting a losing battle .

The crux of the debate , therefore , is not whether social service expenditure encourages consumption and hence economic growth but rather at what stage and under what economic conditions it uses up so much labour , capital and other resources that it  crowds out  the manufacturing industries .
the crux of the debate , therefore , is not whether social service expenditure encourages consumption and hence economic growth but rather at what stage and under what economic [rules] it uses up so much labour , capital and other resources that it  crowds out  the manufacturing industries .

The payment of means-tested benefits to the families of strikers was part of the poor law system from the end of the nineteenth century , but it was not until after the National Assistance Act , 1948 , that the conditions for the payment as well as the level of the benefit were improved .
the payment of means-tested benefits to the families of strikers was part of the poor law system from the end of the nineteenth century , but it was not until after the national assistance act , 1948 , that the [rules] for the payment as well as the level of the benefit were improved .

In the miners ' dispute Lord Wilberforce became deeply enmeshed in job evaluation , the social and physical conditions in the pits and , above all , the need to produce a settlement under which the miners would go back to work .
in the miners ' dispute lord wilberforce became deeply enmeshed in job evaluation , the social and physical [rules] in the pits and , above all , the need to produce a settlement under which the miners would go back to work .

In 1964 , the House of Lords considered a case in which a union were met by a refusal of a company to negotiate with them on terms and conditions of service although they organized the majority of the men concerned , being watermen in the Port of London .
in 1964 , the house of lords considered a case in which a union were met by a refusal of a company to negotiate with them on terms and [rules] of service although they organized the majority of the men concerned , being watermen in the port of london .

These are very large powers , every bit as large as powers of compulsory acquisition of property ; and , in my judgment , the court should seek to ensure that , just as in the case of compulsory purchase powers , the conditions for the exercise of the powers conferred by the 1975 Act are strictly observed .
these are very large powers , every bit as large as powers of compulsory acquisition of property ; and , in my judgment , the court should seek to ensure that , just as in the case of compulsory purchase powers , the [rules] for the exercise of the powers conferred by the 1975 act are strictly observed .

And the  trade dispute  itself  the central concept of the system of immunities  is now confined to disputes with a worker 's own employer only and to disputes which relate wholly or mainly to the industrial conditions of the workers in that employment unit only .
and the  trade dispute  itself  the central concept of the system of immunities  is now confined to disputes with a worker 's own employer only and to disputes which relate wholly or mainly to the industrial [rules] of the workers in that employment unit only .

In 1988 , disputes arose between British shipowners , who proposed to introduce changes to existing terms and conditions of work for their employees , and the National Union of Seamen .
in 1988 , disputes arose between british shipowners , who proposed to introduce changes to existing terms and [rules] of work for their employees , and the national union of seamen .

In England pop culture has a simultaneous function  inextricably intertwined to a degree unmatched anywhere else in the world of exploitation and expression : exploitation as the product of an industry at the sharp end of the new conditions of capitalism , expression by virtue of its position  which has occurred by default  as the main area of activity in our society which freely admits voices of both youth and change .
in england pop culture has a simultaneous function  inextricably intertwined to a degree unmatched anywhere else in the world of exploitation and expression : exploitation as the product of an industry at the sharp end of the new [rules] of capitalism , expression by virtue of its position  which has occurred by default  as the main area of activity in our society which freely admits voices of both youth and change .

 The Abortion and National Health Service ( Family Planning ) Acts made conditions significantly easier for women to take advantage of increased social freedoms and to take control over their own sexuality , while the Sexual Offences Act ended a ten-year battle to decriminalize homosexual acts between men .
 the abortion and national health service ( family planning ) acts made [rules] significantly easier for women to take advantage of increased social freedoms and to take control over their own sexuality , while the sexual offences act ended a ten-year battle to decriminalize homosexual acts between men .

Typically , its social effect was highly ambiguous : this placing of the private at centre stage was in part a flight from harsher social conditions , in part a coded opposition to them :  glam rock revelled in a display that was intent on demonstrating that the assumed  privacy  of sexual matters then being so fervently insisted upon by Mrs Whitehouse , was an illusion ' .
typically , its social effect was highly ambiguous : this placing of the private at centre stage was in part a flight from harsher social [rules] , in part a coded opposition to them :  glam rock revelled in a display that was intent on demonstrating that the assumed  privacy  of sexual matters then being so fervently insisted upon by mrs whitehouse , was an illusion ' .

Thus , despite the threat that it had posed to the music industry , for six months from December 1976 to June 1977 , Punk Rock was quickly recuperated into a new kind of pop music that accurately reproduced the latest conditions of consumer capitalism .
thus , despite the threat that it had posed to the music industry , for six months from december 1976 to june 1977 , punk rock was quickly recuperated into a new kind of pop music that accurately reproduced the latest [rules] of consumer capitalism .

As the leisure industries move towards the heart of consumer capitalism 's new conditions , then pop 's sexuality is increasingly as controlled as it is exploited .
as the leisure industries move towards the heart of consumer capitalism 's new [rules] , then pop 's sexuality is increasingly as controlled as it is exploited .

Various reasons have been offered for this decline , but the most likely explanation is that the general conditions of recession in Britain have been exacerbated by other factors peculiar to the recording industry .
various reasons have been offered for this decline , but the most likely explanation is that the general [rules] of recession in britain have been exacerbated by other factors peculiar to the recording industry .

Holiday demand is highly sensitive to changes in underlying economic conditions ( it is relatively income-elastic for instance ) which means it can be subject to rapid changes as the cyclical pattern of economic activity develops .
holiday demand is highly sensitive to changes in underlying economic [rules] ( it is relatively income-elastic for instance ) which means it can be subject to rapid changes as the cyclical pattern of economic activity develops .

Thus , all in all , a fall in the price of holidays would probably have emerged in 1986 largely because of these changes in underlying economic conditions , and need not have been accompanied by the razzmatazz of a full-blooded price war .
thus , all in all , a fall in the price of holidays would probably have emerged in 1986 largely because of these changes in underlying economic [rules] , and need not have been accompanied by the razzmatazz of a full-blooded price war .

With its proposal for the granting of a maximum of three days consecutive holiday , it actually worsened some workers ' conditions .
with its proposal for the granting of a maximum of three days consecutive holiday , it actually worsened some workers ' [rules] .

Even  getting away from it all  was to become absorbed into the logic of the third stage in the development of Braverman 's universal market , in which :  a product cycle  invents new products and services , some of which become indispensable as the conditions of modern life change to destroy alternatives  .
even  getting away from it all  was to become absorbed into the logic of the third stage in the development of braverman 's universal market , in which :  a product cycle  invents new products and services , some of which become indispensable as the [rules] of modern life change to destroy alternatives  .

It could not be easy to produce meals for seven or eight lodgers under such spartan conditions .
it could not be easy to produce meals for seven or eight lodgers under such spartan [rules] .

Other variables including political decisions and labour market and economic conditions are also important .
other variables including political decisions and labour market and economic [rules] are also important .

These issues have been intensified by the fact that , because of the very restrictive conditions operating in the Britain of today , most notably those relating to the labour market and housing , the migration processes which are largely responsible for these shifts have proved more than normally selective in terms of the types of people involved .
these issues have been intensified by the fact that , because of the very restrictive [rules] operating in the britain of today , most notably those relating to the labour market and housing , the migration processes which are largely responsible for these shifts have proved more than normally selective in terms of the types of people involved .

( i ) Social conditions of art
( i ) social [rules] of art

Work on the social conditions of art overlaps , evidently , with general aesthetics and some branches of psychology , as well as with history .
work on the social [rules] of art overlaps , evidently , with general aesthetics and some branches of psychology , as well as with history .

But there are significant tendencies based primarily on  aesthetic  and  psychological  data which either ( a ) introduce social conditions as modifiers of an otherwise relatively constant human process or ( b ) construct general periods of human culture within which certain types of art flourish .
but there are significant tendencies based primarily on  aesthetic  and  psychological  data which either ( a ) introduce social [rules] as modifiers of an otherwise relatively constant human process or ( b ) construct general periods of human culture within which certain types of art flourish .

It is important to distinguish work of this kind , and to emphasize its possible value , by comparison with that narrowest version of the social conditions of art ( often called  sociologism  or  sociological relativism  ) , which is more commonly associated with Marxism .
it is important to distinguish work of this kind , and to emphasize its possible value , by comparison with that narrowest version of the social [rules] of art ( often called  sociologism  or  sociological relativism  ) , which is more commonly associated with marxism .

Meanwhile the abstraction of an  aesthetic instinct  , isolated from its conditions and from other relationships , has , while often coming nearer to the work , suppressed the whole problem of connected but variable practices .
meanwhile the abstraction of an  aesthetic instinct  , isolated from its [rules] and from other relationships , has , while often coming nearer to the work , suppressed the whole problem of connected but variable practices .

In terms of the sociology of culture , this area can now be theoretically redefined as a study of the situations and conditions of practices ( see Chapter 4 ) .
in terms of the sociology of culture , this area can now be theoretically redefined as a study of the situations and [rules] of practices ( see chapter 4 ) .

Here again there is some convergence with the work of a more directly sociological tradition , and especially ( though many theoretical problems are then raised ) with Mannheim ( 1936 and 1956 ) , as well as with a number of empirical studies of specific groups and conditions ( cf .
here again there is some convergence with the work of a more directly sociological tradition , and especially ( though many theoretical problems are then raised ) with mannheim ( 1936 and 1956 ) , as well as with a number of empirical studies of specific groups and [rules] ( cf .

It is in fact no more  theoreticist  than the basic liberal idea of culture , in which It is presumed that the universal source of cultural production is  individual expression  , so that to study the social relations of cultural activity is to describe the conditions which bear on this norm , permitting or preventing its  free exercise  .
it is in fact no more  theoreticist  than the basic liberal idea of culture , in which it is presumed that the universal source of cultural production is  individual expression  , so that to study the social relations of cultural activity is to describe the [rules] which bear on this norm , permitting or preventing its  free exercise  .

There is one early form of patronage which is in effect a modulation of the earlier situation of the instituted artist , in altered social conditions .
there is one early form of patronage which is in effect a modulation of the earlier situation of the instituted artist , in altered social [rules] .

There might still be some direct commissioning , and some direct ( retaining ) support , but the main function of such patronage was social support , in the uncertain social and legal conditions of theatres and actors .
there might still be some direct commissioning , and some direct ( retaining ) support , but the main function of such patronage was social support , in the uncertain social and legal [rules] of theatres and actors .

The patron of the third kind , offering social reputation and protection , often worked within conditions where the work was being partly or wholly offered to a paying public ; the Elizabethan public theatres were in that sense fully commercial institutions .
the patron of the third kind , offering social reputation and protection , often worked within [rules] where the work was being partly or wholly offered to a paying public ; the elizabethan public theatres were in that sense fully commercial institutions .

This fourth form of patronage survived into conditions in which commodity and market relations had become dominant .
this fourth form of patronage survived into [rules] in which commodity and market relations had become dominant .

But while some of these cases are of this simple kind , others are more directly involved with modern market conditions , whether as a form of investment or as a form of prestige advertising .
but while some of these cases are of this simple kind , others are more directly involved with modern market [rules] , whether as a form of investment or as a form of prestige advertising .

It can indeed be argued that this has always been so , in pre-market as in market conditions .
it can indeed be argued that this has always been so , in pre-market as in market [rules] .

The scale of capital involved , and the dependence on more complex and specialized means of production and distribution , have to an important extent blocked access to these media in older artisanal , post-artisanal and even market professional terms , and imposed predominant conditions of corporate employment .
the scale of capital involved , and the dependence on more complex and specialized means of production and distribution , have to an important extent blocked access to these media in older artisanal , post-artisanal and even market professional terms , and imposed predominant [rules] of corporate employment .

There is a variety of detailed arrangements , but the typical relations of producers in these conditions are those of state-corporate employees , or in some cases state rather than market professionals .
there is a variety of detailed arrangements , but the typical relations of producers in these [rules] are those of state-corporate employees , or in some cases state rather than market professionals .

Conditions then vary from those in which the cultural institutions and their producers are wholly subordinated to general state policy  a condition often made harsher by full or attempted monopoly of all means of cultural production  to more nuanced situations in which , while general policy direction is exercised , the practical relations are not significantly different from those in modern patronal and intermediate bodies , which of course also , in varying ways , have general policy directions in accordance with the social order in which they are working .
[rules] then vary from those in which the cultural institutions and their producers are wholly subordinated to general state policy  a condition often made harsher by full or attempted monopoly of all means of cultural production  to more nuanced situations in which , while general policy direction is exercised , the practical relations are not significantly different from those in modern patronal and intermediate bodies , which of course also , in varying ways , have general policy directions in accordance with the social order in which they are working .

Some of its most significant early relations were with the guild merchant , which sought to regulate the conditions of urban trade .
some of its most significant early relations were with the guild merchant , which sought to regulate the [rules] of urban trade .

In changing conditions of trade , the self-management of many of the early guilds gave way to restrictive and eventually unacceptable forms of internal dominance and privilege .
in changing [rules] of trade , the self-management of many of the early guilds gave way to restrictive and eventually unacceptable forms of internal dominance and privilege .

There is a typical example among writers , seeking to protect copyright and to negotiate general contract conditions .
there is a typical example among writers , seeking to protect copyright and to negotiate general contract [rules] .

This movement has been especially evident under the pressure of economic conditions in an increasingly corporate market .
this movement has been especially evident under the pressure of economic [rules] in an increasingly corporate market .

The vast number of self-instituted independent organizations in the nineteenth century , and into the twentieth century , can in many cases be directly related to two related factors : the development of the teaching academy , with its tendency to prescribe rules ; and the greatly increased importance of the exhibition , within the market conditions which had succeeded patronage .
the vast number of self-instituted independent organizations in the nineteenth century , and into the twentieth century , can in many cases be directly related to two related factors : the development of the teaching academy , with its tendency to prescribe rules ; and the greatly increased importance of the exhibition , within the market [rules] which had succeeded patronage .

( c ) oppositional , in which the cases represented by ( b ) are raised to active opposition to the established institutions , or more generally to the conditions within which these exist .
( c ) oppositional , in which the cases represented by ( b ) are raised to active opposition to the established institutions , or more generally to the [rules] within which these exist .

However , even in these cases , there is an important difference from the fully oppositional groups , which characteristically begin with attacks on prevailing art forms and cultural institutions , and often with further attacks on the general conditions which are believed to be sustaining them .
however , even in these cases , there is an important difference from the fully oppositional groups , which characteristically begin with attacks on prevailing art forms and cultural institutions , and often with further attacks on the general [rules] which are believed to be sustaining them .

The alternative and oppositional groups evidently owe something , perhaps much , to the same general conditions .
the alternative and oppositional groups evidently owe something , perhaps much , to the same general [rules] .

Yet the possibility of actually establishing effective independent formations depended , obviously , on general social conditions .
yet the possibility of actually establishing effective independent formations depended , obviously , on general social [rules] .

This continued , obviously , in early market conditions .
this continued , obviously , in early market [rules] .

With these conditions fulfilled , generally or for the time being locally , people would live as free and tolerant individuals , finding their deepest values in the consequent kinds of human diversity and intimacy .
with these [rules] fulfilled , generally or for the time being locally , people would live as free and tolerant individuals , finding their deepest values in the consequent kinds of human diversity and intimacy .

Fifth , that the internal social conditions of a metropolis , combining at once the metropolitan concentration of wealth and the internal pluralism of its metropolitan-immigrant functions , create especially favourable supportive conditions for dissident groups .
fifth , that the internal social [rules] of a metropolis , combining at once the metropolitan concentration of wealth and the internal pluralism of its metropolitan-immigrant functions , create especially favourable supportive [rules] for dissident groups .

But changes in the means of production , and especially printing , led to new forms of control , with more emphasis on prevention than on retribution : a direct reflection of the new conditions of rapid and extensive reproduction .
but changes in the means of production , and especially printing , led to new forms of control , with more emphasis on prevention than on retribution : a direct reflection of the new [rules] of rapid and extensive reproduction .

In its later stages , the conflict settled around two issues : ( a ) official information , which in modern conditions was of direct political interest to the State ; and ( b ) obscenity , which characteristically only became a major object of legislation in the nineteenth century , with the development of an effective popular market .
in its later stages , the conflict settled around two issues : ( a ) official information , which in modern [rules] was of direct political interest to the state ; and ( b ) obscenity , which characteristically only became a major object of legislation in the nineteenth century , with the development of an effective popular market .

The basic complexity is one of asymmetry , which in these conditions shows itself as a deepseated contradiction between the reproduction of market relations ( both directly , within the market , and indirectly , within state and educational functions ) and the consequences of such reproduction in certain sensitive and perhaps crucial areas of public morality , respect for authority and actual crime .
the basic complexity is one of asymmetry , which in these [rules] shows itself as a deepseated contradiction between the reproduction of market relations ( both directly , within the market , and indirectly , within state and educational functions ) and the consequences of such reproduction in certain sensitive and perhaps crucial areas of public morality , respect for authority and actual crime .

The interacting actors of ( i ) a newly effective market among the young , of ( ii ) some culturally effective initiatives by the young , of which many were quickly taken up by the market , of ( iii ) a more general unwillingness by the market , in conditions of high competition , to observe the limits and pressures of established cultural reproduction , and yet ( iv ) the alarm of state and other established institutions at the sources and consequences of such cultural production , have combined to produce a situation of quite remarkable asymmetry .
the interacting actors of ( i ) a newly effective market among the young , of ( ii ) some culturally effective initiatives by the young , of which many were quickly taken up by the market , of ( iii ) a more general unwillingness by the market , in [rules] of high competition , to observe the limits and pressures of established cultural reproduction , and yet ( iv ) the alarm of state and other established institutions at the sources and consequences of such cultural production , have combined to produce a situation of quite remarkable asymmetry .

On the other hand , the contrast between market-originated and producer-originated work can not be made absolute , once market conditions have been generalized .
on the other hand , the contrast between market-originated and producer-originated work can not be made absolute , once market [rules] have been generalized .

The invention of printing , a key technical stage in the technology of distribution , had remarkable early effects in that it made technical distribution much easier but in conditions of relatively unaltered social distribution .
the invention of printing , a key technical stage in the technology of distribution , had remarkable early effects in that it made technical distribution much easier but in [rules] of relatively unaltered social distribution .

We may know that authors work within determinate social and cultural conditions , but we still emphasize the fact of individual production .
we may know that authors work within determinate social and cultural [rules] , but we still emphasize the fact of individual production .

And though we know also that in early periods , and especially and persistently in certain forms  drama , dance , choral song  production was not even in this manifest sense individual but was necessarily of a group kind , still the emphasis on  the producer  ,  the author  , remains predominant , because it corresponds quite directly to the manifest conditions of production in writing and in print , and to certain oral forms which directly preceded them .
and though we know also that in early periods , and especially and persistently in certain forms  drama , dance , choral song  production was not even in this manifest sense individual but was necessarily of a group kind , still the emphasis on  the producer  ,  the author  , remains predominant , because it corresponds quite directly to the manifest [rules] of production in writing and in print , and to certain oral forms which directly preceded them .

But whatever happens to particular processes , it remains a general condition of modern cultural technology that it both requires social forms of production and yet , within this , under specific economic conditions , imposes not only a professional but a class division of labour .
but whatever happens to particular processes , it remains a general condition of modern cultural technology that it both requires social forms of production and yet , within this , under specific economic [rules] , imposes not only a professional but a class division of labour .

Specific economic conditions are a further decisive factor in the new reproductive technologies .
specific economic [rules] are a further decisive factor in the new reproductive technologies .

The common early situation of the individual capitalist owner , or proprietary family , was replaced , within conditions of more organized markets , by various forms of combine arrangements , at a significantly greater distance from the immediate producers and in their internal corporative organization exhibiting a crucial new layer of professional management of production , which quickly became dominant .
the common early situation of the individual capitalist owner , or proprietary family , was replaced , within [rules] of more organized markets , by various forms of combine arrangements , at a significantly greater distance from the immediate producers and in their internal corporative organization exhibiting a crucial new layer of professional management of production , which quickly became dominant .

Here the  practical  relates to the satisfaction of perceived human needs , within historically determinate social and material conditions .
here the  practical  relates to the satisfaction of perceived human needs , within historically determinate social and material [rules] .

 Now , Mr Pip ,  continued the lawyer ,  there are two conditions .
 now , mr pip ,  continued the lawyer ,  there are two [rules] .

Do you accept these conditions ?
do you accept these [rules] ?

The conditions .
the [rules] .

Ah yes , the conditions .
ah yes , the [rules] .

Change their bodies and conditions , and you could get fibres like glass , still monofilament , but with logarithmic progressions of possibilities of strength and flexibility , and the ability to resonate light-particles or sound-waves undistorted , scarcely weakened over thousands of miles .
change their bodies and [rules] , and you could get fibres like glass , still monofilament , but with logarithmic progressions of possibilities of strength and flexibility , and the ability to resonate light-particles or sound-waves undistorted , scarcely weakened over thousands of miles .

 When Cissie looked like breaking in , Beth went on ,  What about cartage  and how long will they keep in certain conditions ?
 when cissie looked like breaking in , beth went on ,  what about cartage  and how long will they keep in certain [rules] ?

The farm worker , in the meantime , receives little attention from those who profess an interest in the changing conditions of rural England .
the farm worker , in the meantime , receives little attention from those who profess an interest in the changing [rules] of rural england .

His conditions have gradually improved , but his pay and his status remain ( when compared with the rest of the population ) relatively poor .
his [rules] have gradually improved , but his pay and his status remain ( when compared with the rest of the population ) relatively poor .

There has therefore been a steady and persistent  drift from the land  of agricultural labour , which is either pushed out by continuing mechanization and the adoption of other labour-saving techniques or lured into other industries by the prospect of higher wages and better conditions of employment .
there has therefore been a steady and persistent  drift from the land  of agricultural labour , which is either pushed out by continuing mechanization and the adoption of other labour-saving techniques or lured into other industries by the prospect of higher wages and better [rules] of employment .

Much also depends upon local employment conditions , for , with a few exceptions , the greatest decline has taken place where there has been the greatest competition for labour , principally in the South East , in the West Midlands and in South Wales .
much also depends upon local employment [rules] , for , with a few exceptions , the greatest decline has taken place where there has been the greatest competition for labour , principally in the south east , in the west midlands and in south wales .

All these general trends are , however , capable of being reversed at the local level where conditions may occasionally fly in the face of the overall pattern .
all these general trends are , however , capable of being reversed at the local level where [rules] may occasionally fly in the face of the overall pattern .

Former farm workers have felt the need to move out to the towns and cities in search not only of employment , but of higher pay , better working conditions , and increased opportunities for personal advancement ; and farmers have felt the need to shed labour as an accompaniment to increasing productivity .
former farm workers have felt the need to move out to the towns and cities in search not only of employment , but of higher pay , better working [rules] , and increased opportunities for personal advancement ; and farmers have felt the need to shed labour as an accompaniment to increasing productivity .

Undoubtedly the people left behind can experience immense dislocation , amounting in extreme cases to complete social and economic dereliction , but with no economic base to support a larger rural population , conditions would have been worse if those who moved to the towns had chosen to remain in the countryside .
undoubtedly the people left behind can experience immense dislocation , amounting in extreme cases to complete social and economic dereliction , but with no economic base to support a larger rural population , [rules] would have been worse if those who moved to the towns had chosen to remain in the countryside .

Variety is endemic to working on the land , variety introduced by changes in the weather , the seasons , soil conditions and , as we have seen , by the increasing versatility demanded of the farm workers themselves .
variety is endemic to working on the land , variety introduced by changes in the weather , the seasons , soil [rules] and , as we have seen , by the increasing versatility demanded of the farm workers themselves .

When the farmer is such a personally kind and considerate individual who recognizes his social responsibilities to his workforce , it seems churlish on the part of the farm worker to complain about low wages and poor working conditions .
when the farmer is such a personally kind and considerate individual who recognizes his social responsibilities to his workforce , it seems churlish on the part of the farm worker to complain about low wages and poor working [rules] .

Pay and conditions
pay and [rules]

In common with many other low-pay industries the minimum standards of pay and conditions are laid down by an industrial council , the Agricultural Wages Board .
in common with many other low-pay industries the minimum standards of pay and [rules] are laid down by an industrial council , the agricultural wages board .

Where conditions of poverty and dependency and harmonious and pervasive personal relationships continue to predominate in agriculture then a source of ambiguity is present in the farm worker 's perceptions of the world around him .
where [rules] of poverty and dependency and harmonious and pervasive personal relationships continue to predominate in agriculture then a source of ambiguity is present in the farm worker 's perceptions of the world around him .

The organizations which have set out to improve the pay and conditions of farm workers are the agricultural trade unions .
the organizations which have set out to improve the pay and [rules] of farm workers are the agricultural trade unions .

In order to give a rounded picture of the changes confronting the farm worker today , we must not only consider the transformations in work and technology and the equally manifest , if less discontinuous , factors underlying his level of pay and conditions .
in order to give a rounded picture of the changes confronting the farm worker today , we must not only consider the transformations in work and technology and the equally manifest , if less discontinuous , factors underlying his level of pay and [rules] .

Furthermore , the farm worker has generally been among the last to receive citizenship rights granted to the rest of the population  the shadow of the workhouse was not finally removed until 1936 , the Rent Act was not extended to agricultural dwellings until 1976 and even today agricultural legislation manages to override certain of the conditions of the Truck Acts .
furthermore , the farm worker has generally been among the last to receive citizenship rights granted to the rest of the population  the shadow of the workhouse was not finally removed until 1936 , the rent act was not extended to agricultural dwellings until 1976 and even today agricultural legislation manages to override certain of the [rules] of the truck acts .

The conditions of the farm worker , and with them the everyday life of the village community , could vary considerably across the country according to the distribution of landholding , the nature of agricultural production and the pattern of settlement .
the [rules] of the farm worker , and with them the everyday life of the village community , could vary considerably across the country according to the distribution of landholding , the nature of agricultural production and the pattern of settlement .

As we noted in Chapter 2 , James Caird , writing in 1878 , drew attention to the differences between the agriculture practised in the predominantly pastoral North and West of England and that in the mainly arable South and East , a division which affected the organization and conditions of village life in the two regions .
as we noted in chapter 2 , james caird , writing in 1878 , drew attention to the differences between the agriculture practised in the predominantly pastoral north and west of england and that in the mainly arable south and east , a division which affected the organization and [rules] of village life in the two regions .

Occasionally this contrivance could overshadow the less congenial reality which lay behind it and could override the more mundane , everyday exploitation of work on the land , but this , given the conditions under which farm workers lived and worked , was only sporadically successful .
occasionally this contrivance could overshadow the less congenial reality which lay behind it and could override the more mundane , everyday exploitation of work on the land , but this , given the [rules] under which farm workers lived and worked , was only sporadically successful .

As so often when we contemplate English village society much depended upon particular local conditions .
as so often when we contemplate english village society much depended upon particular local [rules] .

The squalor of rural housing conditions became a mid-century scandal , highlighted by the government Blue Books on living conditions and public health which were published during the 1850s and 1860s .
the squalor of rural housing [rules] became a mid-century scandal , highlighted by the government blue books on living [rules] and public health which were published during the 1850s and 1860s .

As we shall see in the following chapter , this does not necessarily mean that the interests of farmers and landowners are no longer dominant in rural society , but it does mean that this dominance has increasingly to be carried out by reaching an accommodation with these new conditions .
as we shall see in the following chapter , this does not necessarily mean that the interests of farmers and landowners are no longer dominant in rural society , but it does mean that this dominance has increasingly to be carried out by reaching an accommodation with these new [rules] .

This is an issue surrounded by farming lore and even prejudice , which is often at odds with scientific investigation , and this , together with the extreme variability of soil conditions in England , makes any generalized assessment virtually impossible .
this is an issue surrounded by farming lore and even prejudice , which is often at odds with scientific investigation , and this , together with the extreme variability of soil [rules] in england , makes any generalized assessment virtually impossible .

The fear that is often expressed is that these new forms of cultivation will result in soil conditions analogous to the Oklahoma  Dust Bowl  of the 1930s .
the fear that is often expressed is that these new forms of cultivation will result in soil [rules] analogous to the oklahoma  dust bowl  of the 1930s .

Some forms of incentive are feasible  for example , the attachment of landscape conditions to agricultural grants  but would be difficult to operate in practice without a comprehensive ( and expensive ) advisory service to back them up .
some forms of incentive are feasible  for example , the attachment of landscape [rules] to agricultural grants  but would be difficult to operate in practice without a comprehensive ( and expensive ) advisory service to back them up .

Rather , people fear and stigmatise fairly specific things , people and conditions , even though they may admittedly know very little about them .
rather , people fear and stigmatise fairly specific things , people and [rules] , even though they may admittedly know very little about them .

First , how to shift disability representation off from the body and into the interface between people with impairments and socially disabling conditions .
first , how to shift disability representation off from the body and into the interface between people with impairments and socially disabling [rules] .

What is necessary in the first instance is a shift in the surrounding social relations and economic conditions .
what is necessary in the first instance is a shift in the surrounding social relations and economic [rules] .

As an extremely broad overview , the shift from heavy manufacturing through the electronics and cybernetics revolution is creating the conditions for a different position for disabled people in society and this theoretical position is currently being borne out .
as an extremely broad overview , the shift from heavy manufacturing through the electronics and cybernetics revolution is creating the [rules] for a different position for disabled people in society and this theoretical position is currently being borne out .

Since this shift is reflected within the social disability movement , it clearly creates conditions for its emulation within disability representation and the disability arts movement .
since this shift is reflected within the social disability movement , it clearly creates [rules] for its emulation within disability representation and the disability arts movement .

As homeowners , disabled people are more likely than other households to experience poor housing conditions .
as homeowners , disabled people are more likely than other households to experience poor housing [rules] .

This is partly because of the association between old age and poor housing conditions , but it is primarily because of the association between poor housing conditions and low-income owners .
this is partly because of the association between old age and poor housing [rules] , but it is primarily because of the association between poor housing [rules] and low-income owners .

Its theoretical underpinning is that under the right conditions  the central nervous system will restructure itself  .
its theoretical underpinning is that under the right [rules]  the central nervous system will restructure itself  .

Nevertheless , our movement is growing rapidly , as a reaction against these oppressive social conditions .
nevertheless , our movement is growing rapidly , as a reaction against these oppressive social [rules] .

There is , to address the second question , much at stake for the disability industry , in terms of jobs and status , pay and conditions , and career opportunities , if they begin to lose their grip .
there is , to address the second question , much at stake for the disability industry , in terms of jobs and status , pay and [rules] , and career opportunities , if they begin to lose their grip .

Although disabled people as a group experience many difficulties in common , specific problems are linked to specific conditions .
although disabled people as a group experience many difficulties in common , specific problems are linked to specific [rules] .

In reality , many companies operate in conditions which are to a greater or lesser extent uncompetitive .
in reality , many companies operate in [rules] which are to a greater or lesser extent uncompetitive .

The scope of corporate discretion in making delegated decisions is obviously extended substantially once uncompetitive product market conditions , and the consequent reduction in the pressure to keep costs down , are taken into account .
the scope of corporate discretion in making delegated decisions is obviously extended substantially once uncompetitive product market [rules] , and the consequent reduction in the pressure to keep costs down , are taken into account .

They go on to say that large firms  are constrained in some way [ in making these decisions ] by the requirement to make profits and serve consumers  , but it is nevertheless appropriate to stress that companies will usually have options about how to manage the impact of changed market conditions or technology : the company is not merely a passive instrument of the market .
they go on to say that large firms  are constrained in some way [ in making these decisions ] by the requirement to make profits and serve consumers  , but it is nevertheless appropriate to stress that companies will usually have options about how to manage the impact of changed market [rules] or technology : the company is not merely a passive instrument of the market .

This being so , it is essential for government to retain the confidence , and hence the co-operation , of the business sector by maintaining the conditions for its profitability .
this being so , it is essential for government to retain the confidence , and hence the co-operation , of the business sector by maintaining the [rules] for its profitability .

It is widely accepted that attempts to apply the concession theory in modern conditions are inapposite : there is no longer any  privilege  involved in obtaining corporate status and the source of companies '  economic energy  undoubtedly lies in individual initiative and not in the state .
it is widely accepted that attempts to apply the concession theory in modern [rules] are inapposite : there is no longer any  privilege  involved in obtaining corporate status and the source of companies '  economic energy  undoubtedly lies in individual initiative and not in the state .

In modern conditions the only remaining peg on which to hang the concession theory 's claim that the state has a special right of intervention in company affairs is the idea that since separate personality and limited liability are benefits conferred by the state , the state is entitled to intervene to safeguard the public interest as a quid pro quo .
in modern [rules] the only remaining peg on which to hang the concession theory 's claim that the state has a special right of intervention in company affairs is the idea that since separate personality and limited liability are benefits conferred by the state , the state is entitled to intervene to safeguard the public interest as a quid pro quo .

It relies instead on a political theory about the legitimacy of private power and the conditions subject to which that power may be exercised : a theory that contends that power may be legitimately held only for the purpose of furthering the public good .
it relies instead on a political theory about the legitimacy of private power and the [rules] subject to which that power may be exercised : a theory that contends that power may be legitimately held only for the purpose of furthering the public good .

It thus does not follow from the inappropriateness of the concession theory in modern conditions that we must accept the normative conclusions of the contract theory .
it thus does not follow from the inappropriateness of the concession theory in modern [rules] that we must accept the normative conclusions of the contract theory .

To the extent that maximising profits conflicts with the public interest , the solution from this perspective is not to modify corporate objectives , but to strengthen the limiting conditions within which companies are required to operate .
to the extent that maximising profits conflicts with the public interest , the solution from this perspective is not to modify corporate objectives , but to strengthen the limiting [rules] within which companies are required to operate .

Where firms maximise profits in uncompetitive conditions the effect is that consumers are denied goods which they would have been willing to buy at the competitive market price .
where firms maximise profits in uncompetitive [rules] the effect is that consumers are denied goods which they would have been willing to buy at the competitive market price .

Output is accordingly lower than it would have been under conditions of perfect competition , and resources are diverted to alternative , less valuable uses .
output is accordingly lower than it would have been under [rules] of perfect competition , and resources are diverted to alternative , less valuable uses .

And thirdly , managements are able to pursue divergent objectives , not only because of lack of shareholder control , but also because of weak competitive conditions .
and thirdly , managements are able to pursue divergent objectives , not only because of lack of shareholder control , but also because of weak competitive [rules] .

Chapter 1 noted that competitive conditions in many product markets are such that they are likely to be tolerant of managerial ineffectiveness and in some substantial deviations from the profit goal will not be incompatible with enterprise survival .
chapter 1 noted that competitive [rules] in many product markets are such that they are likely to be tolerant of managerial ineffectiveness and in some substantial deviations from the profit goal will not be incompatible with enterprise survival .

In more realistic conditions , however , managers are faced with a complex series of questions in the resolution of which they must exercise choice , for example , about plant location , production methods , employment levels , output , advertising , investment , research and development , and so on .
in more realistic [rules] , however , managers are faced with a complex series of questions in the resolution of which they must exercise choice , for example , about plant location , production methods , employment levels , output , advertising , investment , research and development , and so on .

Furthermore , companies operate in an environment in which market conditions , consumer tastes , technological knowledge , and the behaviour of competitors , are in a state of constant change .
furthermore , companies operate in an environment in which market [rules] , consumer tastes , technological knowledge , and the behaviour of competitors , are in a state of constant change .

After a take-over a common way of making an acquired company more profitable is to reduce the size of the workforce or otherwise to change working conditions to lower costs or increase productivity .
after a take-over a common way of making an acquired company more profitable is to reduce the size of the workforce or otherwise to change working [rules] to lower costs or increase productivity .

Claims of market optimality rest on standard neo-classical assumptions about economically-rational motivation , competitive market conditions , availability of full information , and absence of transaction costs .
claims of market optimality rest on standard neo-classical assumptions about economically-rational motivation , competitive market [rules] , availability of full information , and absence of transaction costs .

Although the law imposes only base-line standards , therefore , it can nevertheless create conditions which increase the chances of high quality performances being achieved .
although the law imposes only base-line standards , therefore , it can nevertheless create [rules] which increase the chances of high quality performances being achieved .

This may mean that a file which operates well under normal conditions , i.e .
this may mean that a file which operates well under normal [rules] , i.e .

This provides a file that is well packed ; however , if conditions change later the file needs to he respecified .
this provides a file that is well packed ; however , if [rules] change later the file needs to he respecified .

These three examples show the wide range of conditions that will have to be handled in providing far additions .
these three examples show the wide range of [rules] that will have to be handled in providing far additions .

When every second , third ,  nth record is updated , conditions are ideal for rapid skip-sequential runs .
when every second , third ,  nth record is updated , [rules] are ideal for rapid skip-sequential runs .

Some of the software that is available to exploit these conditions is discussed below .
some of the software that is available to exploit these [rules] is discussed below .

Because only one record is examined at a time , it is possible to test the descriptors against very complex Boolean conditions , expressed in terms of the descriptors desired by the user , to obtain a match .
because only one record is examined at a time , it is possible to test the descriptors against very complex boolean [rules] , expressed in terms of the descriptors desired by the user , to obtain a match .

The point at which this happens depends on a number of factors such as complexity of requests in terms of Boolean conditions , speed of access of the medium in use , and size of data file .
the point at which this happens depends on a number of factors such as complexity of requests in terms of boolean [rules] , speed of access of the medium in use , and size of data file .

When records are to be selected on the basis of the state of one or more attributes , a serial search concentrates on the records , examining each in turn to see if it meets the specified conditions of the search .
when records are to be selected on the basis of the state of one or more attributes , a serial search concentrates on the records , examining each in turn to see if it meets the specified [rules] of the search .

In fact , what is known from these specified conditions is the attributes required .
in fact , what is known from these specified [rules] is the attributes required .

First , the file may not be able to support such complicated search conditions as a serial file , because the size of work area required to process a request is now much larger ; instead of dealing with one record at a time , the system now deals with all relevant records at once .
first , the file may not be able to support such complicated search [rules] as a serial file , because the size of work area required to process a request is now much larger ; instead of dealing with one record at a time , the system now deals with all relevant records at once .

However , it indicates how very complicated multiple conditions can be built up in the creation of user profiles for information retrieval systems .
however , it indicates how very complicated multiple [rules] can be built up in the creation of user profiles for information retrieval systems .

The number of nested Boolean conditions that can be handled by an inverted file is generally less than the number a serial file can handle .
the number of nested boolean [rules] that can be handled by an inverted file is generally less than the number a serial file can handle .

In such conditions the government operates only at the margin of social activity .
in such [rules] the government operates only at the margin of social activity .

The concept of limited government comprises two ideals , that of accountability of government for the exercise of its powers , and that of limits placed on the exercise of those powers . What , then , are the conditions for accountable or , as it is often termed , responsible government ?
the concept of limited government comprises two ideals , that of accountability of government for the exercise of its powers , and that of limits placed on the exercise of those powers . what , then , are the [rules] for accountable or , as it is often termed , responsible government ?

What then are the conditions necessary for the existence of responsible government ?
what then are the [rules] necessary for the existence of responsible government ?

Two main conditions can be suggested , that governments should be removable by electoral decisions and that some alternative can be substituted by electoral decision .
two main [rules] can be suggested , that governments should be removable by electoral decisions and that some alternative can be substituted by electoral decision .

Whether the British system of government creates the conditions for responsible government is doubted in some quarters .
whether the british system of government creates the [rules] for responsible government is doubted in some quarters .

In any other conditions such a simple form of social control must prove defective and will require supplementation in different ways .
in any other [rules] such a simple form of social control must prove defective and will require supplementation in different ways .

It is for the organist , or some other responsible person , to exercise control over the use of the organ by other people , and to specify any conditions attached .
it is for the organist , or some other responsible person , to exercise control over the use of the organ by other people , and to specify any [rules] attached .

However , there is disagreement amongst Marxist feminists about whether the oppression of women is simply a consequence of an unjust economic system or whether the oppression of women is universal , but modified under differing economic conditions .
however , there is disagreement amongst marxist feminists about whether the oppression of women is simply a consequence of an unjust economic system or whether the oppression of women is universal , but modified under differing economic [rules] .

Thus , under capitalism , women 's oppression is not simply a question of individual men oppressing individual women , nor of men in general oppressing women in general ; it takes the form of exploitation in the labour market , which has become essential to maintaining capitalism  low wages , harsh working conditions , little job security  as well as exploitation in the home and family .
thus , under capitalism , women 's oppression is not simply a question of individual men oppressing individual women , nor of men in general oppressing women in general ; it takes the form of exploitation in the labour market , which has become essential to maintaining capitalism  low wages , harsh working [rules] , little job security  as well as exploitation in the home and family .

Since Java had been outside his area , Mountbatten had no intelligence about conditions there .
since java had been outside his area , mountbatten had no intelligence about [rules] there .

On 21 September , Gracey ( whose division was not yet all in Saigon ) issued a general order stating that the transition from war to peace conditions would be carried out all over southern Indo-China under his command .
on 21 september , gracey ( whose division was not yet all in saigon ) issued a general order stating that the transition from war to peace [rules] would be carried out all over southern indo-china under his command .

In return , the introduction of the French army was agreed , though under careful conditions : only  French of metropolitan origin ' were to come  no colonial troops .
in return , the introduction of the french army was agreed , though under careful [rules] : only  french of metropolitan origin ' were to come  no colonial troops .

Pham Van Dong represented the Democratic Republic , and put forward eight conditions which still included the possibility of  free association within the French Union  .
pham van dong represented the democratic republic , and put forward eight [rules] which still included the possibility of  free association within the french union  .

The British Government professed to  have always regarded it as desirable that these elections should be held and have advised the Government of the Republic of [ South ] Vietnam to enter into consultation with the Viet Minh authorities [ sic ] in order to ensure that all the necessary conditions obtain for a free expression of the national will  .
the british government professed to  have always regarded it as desirable that these elections should be held and have advised the government of the republic of [ south ] vietnam to enter into consultation with the viet minh authorities [ sic ] in order to ensure that all the necessary [rules] obtain for a free expression of the national will  .

London Imposes Conditions on Independence
london imposes [rules] on independence

This section of the labour market is also virtually non-unionized , providing for almost no representation on pay and working conditions , or health and safety regulations .
this section of the labour market is also virtually non-unionized , providing for almost no representation on pay and working [rules] , or health and safety regulations .

Failure to improve the condition of the remaining housing stock has also played an important part in the rise of ghetto conditions .
failure to improve the condition of the remaining housing stock has also played an important part in the rise of ghetto [rules] .

The housing conditions of Britain 's underclass , who are now largely housed in what remains of the council sector , were described by the report of the Archbishop 's Commission , Faith in the City ( Church House Publishing , 1985 ) , in the following graphic terms .
the housing [rules] of britain 's underclass , who are now largely housed in what remains of the council sector , were described by the report of the archbishop 's commission , faith in the city ( church house publishing , 1985 ) , in the following graphic terms .

Benefit societies , governed by these minimum conditions , would provide competition clearly lacking under the present system .
benefit societies , governed by these minimum [rules] , would provide competition clearly lacking under the present system .

In such conditions , one important prediction is that the weakening of norm-enforcement mechanisms will bring about a reduction in the everyday functional value of the use of in-group linguistic variants .
in such [rules] , one important prediction is that the weakening of norm-enforcement mechanisms will bring about a reduction in the everyday functional value of the use of in-group linguistic variants .

Under these conditions , it is not surprising to find that superiors and subordinates hold optimistic and pessimistic views about each other . For example , they may say about each other :
under these [rules] , it is not surprising to find that superiors and subordinates hold optimistic and pessimistic views about each other . for example , they may say about each other :

The following ten conditions or elements , which are discussed in order of priority , must exist before transformational change can be achieved in an organization .
the following ten [rules] or elements , which are discussed in order of priority , must exist before transformational change can be achieved in an organization .

Prerequisite 3 : conditions that preclude maintenance of the status quo Another critical prerequisite is the existence of a set of external conditions that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .
prerequisite 3 : [rules] that preclude maintenance of the status quo another critical prerequisite is the existence of a set of external [rules] that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .

The prime mover of contemporary organizational innovation has been the changed conditions of international competition , specifically the decline and fragmentation of previously stable mass markets .
the prime mover of contemporary organizational innovation has been the changed [rules] of international competition , specifically the decline and fragmentation of previously stable mass markets .

For Pilkingtons , change was necessary not only to meet adverse market conditions but also because the company was at a disadvantage compared with competitors producing similar products with similar technology .
for pilkingtons , change was necessary not only to meet adverse market [rules] but also because the company was at a disadvantage compared with competitors producing similar products with similar technology .

The argument for a more comprehensive approach to work organization has been set in a new context by developments in product markets , trading conditions and manufacturing technology in the 1980s .
the argument for a more comprehensive approach to work organization has been set in a new context by developments in product markets , trading [rules] and manufacturing technology in the 1980s .

Renewed interest in worker control is thus based on pressures arising from more turbulent domestic and international market conditions , and from the development of new computerized process technologies in manufacturing , which encourage a reconsideration of work flows and work roles .
renewed interest in worker control is thus based on pressures arising from more turbulent domestic and international market [rules] , and from the development of new computerized process technologies in manufacturing , which encourage a reconsideration of work flows and work roles .

The company had no unions , and pay and conditions were superior for the area .
the company had no unions , and pay and [rules] were superior for the area .

The very conditions which had originally supported the expansion of the model now turned into limits to its further development .
the very [rules] which had originally supported the expansion of the model now turned into limits to its further development .

To the extent that there is an elision in the terms of debate , and the concept of postmodern arrangements is aligned only with a  free  labour market variant of organizational forms , which actually means freedom for a few and restriction to much more repressive conditions for the many , then the terms of debate and choice are unnecessarily restricted .
to the extent that there is an elision in the terms of debate , and the concept of postmodern arrangements is aligned only with a  free  labour market variant of organizational forms , which actually means freedom for a few and restriction to much more repressive [rules] for the many , then the terms of debate and choice are unnecessarily restricted .

Japanese enterprises operate under relatively stable capital market conditions compared to the highly volatile share-transactions of bundles of  ownership  which characterize British , United States and many other Western stock exchanges .
japanese enterprises operate under relatively stable capital market [rules] compared to the highly volatile share-transactions of bundles of  ownership  which characterize british , united states and many other western stock exchanges .

These general conditions are derived from intensive studies of a counter-factual case to that of Japan : the example of  manufacturing decline  which has been charted for core sectors of the British economy in the post-war period ( Williams et al .
these general [rules] are derived from intensive studies of a counter-factual case to that of japan : the example of  manufacturing decline  which has been charted for core sectors of the british economy in the post-war period ( williams et al .

The stability of the enterprise conditions of calculation that develop in the East Asian example has not been productive of the formation of high-risk entrepreneurial behaviour as firms launch into speculative and unrelated lines of business .
the stability of the enterprise [rules] of calculation that develop in the east asian example has not been productive of the formation of high-risk entrepreneurial behaviour as firms launch into speculative and unrelated lines of business .

Under conditions of more stable enterprise relations the forms of short-term economic calculation which are predominant in Western enterprises do not prove so necessary .
under [rules] of more stable enterprise relations the forms of short-term economic calculation which are predominant in western enterprises do not prove so necessary .

In limiting the concept of social representations to these sons of phenomena , Moscovici is denying that social representations can be found in all societies , and suggesting that they only emerge under certain social conditions .
in limiting the concept of social representations to these sons of phenomena , moscovici is denying that social representations can be found in all societies , and suggesting that they only emerge under certain social [rules] .

To date , the social representation theorists have tended to be somewhat vague about the social conditions which foster the development of social representations , as understood in the particular sense .
to date , the social representation theorists have tended to be somewhat vague about the social [rules] which foster the development of social representations , as understood in the particular sense .

One project for the future would be to investigate the necessary social conditions for social representations .
one project for the future would be to investigate the necessary social [rules] for social representations .

On the one hand , the antisemitism of  anti-immigrant  fascist parties might be seen as an anachronism , arising from the fact that for a number of years such parties were led by a generation who were raised in conditions of widespread antisemitism .
on the one hand , the antisemitism of  anti-immigrant  fascist parties might be seen as an anachronism , arising from the fact that for a number of years such parties were led by a generation who were raised in [rules] of widespread antisemitism .

The stress upon implicit and explicit features also suggests a similarity with the work of those developmental psychologists , who examine how social conditions can create and realize implicit aspects of the developmental process ( Edwards and Mercer , 1987 ; Griffin and Cole , 1984 ; Shotter , 1989 ) .
the stress upon implicit and explicit features also suggests a similarity with the work of those developmental psychologists , who examine how social [rules] can create and realize implicit aspects of the developmental process ( edwards and mercer , 1987 ; griffin and cole , 1984 ; shotter , 1989 ) .

Taking the Side of the Other is revealed over time , as individuals react to the changed rhetorical conditions produced by historical change .
taking the side of the other is revealed over time , as individuals react to the changed rhetorical [rules] produced by historical change .

Here , one might think , was an occasion when the symbol of national unity would be at its most needed , as citizens prepare to sacrifice their lives for King and Country : under conditions of national threat , the psychological strength of the symbol could be expected to be intensified ( Edelman , 1964 ; Sherif , 1966 ) .
here , one might think , was an occasion when the symbol of national unity would be at its most needed , as citizens prepare to sacrifice their lives for king and country : under [rules] of national threat , the psychological strength of the symbol could be expected to be intensified ( edelman , 1964 ; sherif , 1966 ) .

If they wish to make predictions , they should remember that the seeds will be developed under climatic conditions , which are currently unknown .
if they wish to make predictions , they should remember that the seeds will be developed under climatic [rules] , which are currently unknown .

This document indicates the acceptance by each of the partners of the terms and conditions set out in the document .
this document indicates the acceptance by each of the partners of the terms and [rules] set out in the document .

It is these terms and conditions in conjunction with the Partnership Act which will regulate the running of the enterprise .
it is these terms and [rules] in conjunction with the partnership act which will regulate the running of the enterprise .

If , for example , the Gnat 's Water Brewery , which operates three inns in a small country village , wishes to close and sell off one of these inns so as to improve the profitability of its remaining inns , it may insert a restrictive covenant into the conditions of sale of the inn in question , whereby the purchaser of the inn covenants not to use the premises as licensed premises .
if , for example , the gnat 's water brewery , which operates three inns in a small country village , wishes to close and sell off one of these inns so as to improve the profitability of its remaining inns , it may insert a restrictive covenant into the [rules] of sale of the inn in question , whereby the purchaser of the inn covenants not to use the premises as licensed premises .

As represented by anthropologists , such societies often appear to embody the Romantic conception of close social relations within highly communal environments ; but what is less often underlined are certain more difficult aspects of the actual experience of living within such conditions .
as represented by anthropologists , such societies often appear to embody the romantic conception of close social relations within highly communal environments ; but what is less often underlined are certain more difficult aspects of the actual experience of living within such [rules] .

Under these conditions , lack of money becomes equated with lack of freedom .
under these [rules] , lack of money becomes equated with lack of freedom .

Although these changes are usually the subject of fulminations against wage labour and the evils of rural or urban proletarianization , the conditions of wage labour may prove attractive to villagers and town dwellers , not necessarily because they are duped by promises or pressurized by taxes , but because of the very real specific constraints of non-monetarized social orders .
although these changes are usually the subject of fulminations against wage labour and the evils of rural or urban proletarianization , the [rules] of wage labour may prove attractive to villagers and town dwellers , not necessarily because they are duped by promises or pressurized by taxes , but because of the very real specific constraints of non-monetarized social orders .

Our ability to  read  objects for their social appropriateness and to impose upon any series or new forms that order which would make them culturally acceptable does not in any respect lessen the place of strategy , or the possibility of intent ; both , however , are accomplished within objective conditions of which we have an underlying experience , even if we choose to deny them in formulating strategy .
our ability to  read  objects for their social appropriateness and to impose upon any series or new forms that order which would make them culturally acceptable does not in any respect lessen the place of strategy , or the possibility of intent ; both , however , are accomplished within objective [rules] of which we have an underlying experience , even if we choose to deny them in formulating strategy .

Anthropologists , in turn , have attempted to argue that , for example , the transition from brideservice , in which labour is performed by the prospective groom , to bridewealth , where objects are given in exchange for the bride , marks a significant difference in the development of a phenomenon whereby objects may stand for human labour , with the implication that this is the first stage towards the conditions of property and alienation as we know them today ( Strathern 1985 ) .
anthropologists , in turn , have attempted to argue that , for example , the transition from brideservice , in which labour is performed by the prospective groom , to bridewealth , where objects are given in exchange for the bride , marks a significant difference in the development of a phenomenon whereby objects may stand for human labour , with the implication that this is the first stage towards the [rules] of property and alienation as we know them today ( strathern 1985 ) .

Indeed , Parry has recently argued that it is only under the conditions of a relatively free market that there is evidence for the entirely disinterested gift , in which calculation should be entirely absent , this being a product of the same emergent duality ( Parry 1986 ) .
indeed , parry has recently argued that it is only under the [rules] of a relatively free market that there is evidence for the entirely disinterested gift , in which calculation should be entirely absent , this being a product of the same emergent duality ( parry 1986 ) .

Personal property is best linked with communal rather than private property , such as state or kin-held property , since it is a statement of relative inalienability , such that the social subject , individual or collective , associated with the object retains control over the conditions under which it may be alienated .
personal property is best linked with communal rather than private property , such as state or kin-held property , since it is a statement of relative inalienability , such that the social subject , individual or collective , associated with the object retains control over the [rules] under which it may be alienated .

Under these altered conditions , emulation is increasingly significant as a strategy by means of which people lower in a given social hierarchy attempt to realize their aspirations towards higher status by modifying their behaviour , their dress and the kind of goods they purchase , since it now becomes possible to mistake a poor nobleman for a wealthy trader .
under these altered [rules] , emulation is increasingly significant as a strategy by means of which people lower in a given social hierarchy attempt to realize their aspirations towards higher status by modifying their behaviour , their dress and the kind of goods they purchase , since it now becomes possible to mistake a poor nobleman for a wealthy trader .

The impact of Morris 's ideas as channelled through the sphere of consumption , provided an effective means for the further development of precisely those class differences which in turn helped reproduce the conditions for the exploitation of labour .
the impact of morris 's ideas as channelled through the sphere of consumption , provided an effective means for the further development of precisely those class differences which in turn helped reproduce the [rules] for the exploitation of labour .

As habitus , this distinction between the Kantian and anti-Kantian aesthetic is both derived from material conditions , and in turn provides an insight into a classificatory scheme which may be applied to an infinite number of actual material and consumption domains .
as habitus , this distinction between the kantian and anti-kantian aesthetic is both derived from material [rules] , and in turn provides an insight into a classificatory scheme which may be applied to an infinite number of actual material and consumption domains .

The international economy consists of relations between these national entities and is shaped by them rather than by a world system which dominates and determines national conditions .
the international economy consists of relations between these national entities and is shaped by them rather than by a world system which dominates and determines national [rules] .

That conception makes it difficult to address sharp upheavals in the international system that occur in many periods of structural change , the rivalry between different countries that occurs in international trade and finance , or the impact that a country 's internal conditions ( such as the structure of its unions and management ) have on its international position .
that conception makes it difficult to address sharp upheavals in the international system that occur in many periods of structural change , the rivalry between different countries that occurs in international trade and finance , or the impact that a country 's internal [rules] ( such as the structure of its unions and management ) have on its international position .

 many accepted terms ( full employment , a job ) may change their content as social conditions change
 many accepted terms ( full employment , a job ) may change their content as social [rules] change

In relation to residential preferences it was argued that  it does seem that under conditions of national manufacturing decline , variations in residential attractiveness  have not exerted any obvious influence on manufacturing location trends at the county level , in sharp contrast to trends during the 1960s  ( p. 957 ) .
in relation to residential preferences it was argued that  it does seem that under [rules] of national manufacturing decline , variations in residential attractiveness  have not exerted any obvious influence on manufacturing location trends at the county level , in sharp contrast to trends during the 1960s  ( p. 957 ) .

The fact that urban areas were hit early and particularly hard by this loss is then explained by conditions which operate within this broader context : for example , that cities tended to have the older and thus often less profitable parts of individual industries ; or that they suffered from decentralization to cheaper and less organized workers .
the fact that urban areas were hit early and particularly hard by this loss is then explained by [rules] which operate within this broader context : for example , that cities tended to have the older and thus often less profitable parts of individual industries ; or that they suffered from decentralization to cheaper and less organized workers .

It would be hard to dispute the generality of the existence of geographical inequality , within countries , in levels of development of industry , or levels of unemployment , and the unequal social conditions which these imply .
it would be hard to dispute the generality of the existence of geographical inequality , within countries , in levels of development of industry , or levels of unemployment , and the unequal social [rules] which these imply .

Early development is likely to be uneven because of differentiation in initial conditions .
early development is likely to be uneven because of differentiation in initial [rules] .

They will be responding to the conditions produced by earlier phases of uneven development and building on the inheritance of previous geographies of earlier divisions of labour and their associated structures of dominance and subordination .
they will be responding to the [rules] produced by earlier phases of uneven development and building on the inheritance of previous geographies of earlier divisions of labour and their associated structures of dominance and subordination .

It was the legacy of the previous form of uneven development based in the sectoral spatial division of labour ( high levels of unemployment from previously dominant sectors which had overwhelmingly employed men ) which provided the conditions ( regional policy grants , a  green  , female labour force anxious for paid employment ) which attracted in this new form of economic activity and laid down a new form of uneven development .
it was the legacy of the previous form of uneven development based in the sectoral spatial division of labour ( high levels of unemployment from previously dominant sectors which had overwhelmingly employed men ) which provided the [rules] ( regional policy grants , a  green  , female labour force anxious for paid employment ) which attracted in this new form of economic activity and laid down a new form of uneven development .

Employees require information to determine whether , in the first place , to work for a public sector agency and subsequently to determine when to press for salary increases or an enhancement of conditions of employment .
employees require information to determine whether , in the first place , to work for a public sector agency and subsequently to determine when to press for salary increases or an enhancement of [rules] of employment .

Despite these problems the traditional budget continues to serve its original purpose , that of ensuring compliance with the conditions set out in appropriations .
despite these problems the traditional budget continues to serve its original purpose , that of ensuring compliance with the [rules] set out in appropriations .

The traditional budget ensures compliance with the conditions set out in the appropriations ; that is , it acts as a control mechanism .
the traditional budget ensures compliance with the [rules] set out in the appropriations ; that is , it acts as a control mechanism .

Many current government programmes reflect major attempts to improve social and economic conditions in an increasingly complex society .
many current government programmes reflect major attempts to improve social and economic [rules] in an increasingly complex society .

Every investigation has inevitably to be tailored to local operating conditions .
every investigation has inevitably to be tailored to local operating [rules] .

Conditions vary from organization to organization and across different parts of the public sector , some organizations being noted for having a history of indifference to internal audit .
[rules] vary from organization to organization and across different parts of the public sector , some organizations being noted for having a history of indifference to internal audit .

It would be foolish to deny that there has been great suspicion that when we talk about freedoms and flexibilities what we are actually talking about is worsening existing terms and conditions .
it would be foolish to deny that there has been great suspicion that when we talk about freedoms and flexibilities what we are actually talking about is worsening existing terms and [rules] .

These patterns imply very differing conditions for idea-management .
these patterns imply very differing [rules] for idea-management .

But when organizations grow to a level where it is impossible for all the members to know each other , where the division of work between individuals and groups becomes more strict , where communications are restricted by physical and administrative distances and boundaries  in such a situation the need for an idea-handling system arises even in an organization where the cultural and climate conditions support creativity and innovation .
but when organizations grow to a level where it is impossible for all the members to know each other , where the division of work between individuals and groups becomes more strict , where communications are restricted by physical and administrative distances and boundaries  in such a situation the need for an idea-handling system arises even in an organization where the cultural and climate [rules] support creativity and innovation .

Why have these conditions become more critical in recent years ?
why have these [rules] become more critical in recent years ?

Given the problems implied by technological change and the blurring of the traditional divisions between various sections of the manufacturing and marketing systems , corporations themselves have to be redesigned in order to withstand the rigour , s of change and adaptation to new market conditions . Some general conditions of sound organization design are as follows ( Clipson 1985 ) :
given the problems implied by technological change and the blurring of the traditional divisions between various sections of the manufacturing and marketing systems , corporations themselves have to be redesigned in order to withstand the rigour , s of change and adaptation to new market [rules] . some general [rules] of sound organization design are as follows ( clipson 1985 ) :

If a product or service is to be successful in the marketplace , then the organization itself must be designed to meet its conditions .
if a product or service is to be successful in the marketplace , then the organization itself must be designed to meet its [rules] .

Neither invention nor innovation and translation by design can take place in an inflexible or chaotic environment ; nor can they take place if flexible design procedures for capitalizing on new market conditions are lacking .
neither invention nor innovation and translation by design can take place in an inflexible or chaotic environment ; nor can they take place if flexible design procedures for capitalizing on new market [rules] are lacking .

One of the most critical problems for organizations in designing well and competitively is their response or lack of response to change and , more specifically , to rates of change in markets ' technical and economic conditions .
one of the most critical problems for organizations in designing well and competitively is their response or lack of response to change and , more specifically , to rates of change in markets ' technical and economic [rules] .

Accelerated rates of change demand improved organization and procedures to increase the ability to adapt to new conditions and to conserve money by well-designed , economical manufacturing ; keeping this in focus often requires a single vision .
accelerated rates of change demand improved organization and procedures to increase the ability to adapt to new [rules] and to conserve money by well-designed , economical manufacturing ; keeping this in focus often requires a single vision .

Design a well-integrated organization to support product development in the milieu of ever changing conditions , with product systems or cascading development from one product to the next .
design a well-integrated organization to support product development in the milieu of ever changing [rules] , with product systems or cascading development from one product to the next .

In other words , the small island communities modified their rules as conditions required , and such modifications became part of the collective cultural inheritance , to be called upon when new situations arose .
in other words , the small island communities modified their rules as [rules] required , and such modifications became part of the collective cultural inheritance , to be called upon when new situations arose .

Land reform can involve one or both of the redistribution of land ownership and alterations in the conditions whereby people occupy land .
land reform can involve one or both of the redistribution of land ownership and alterations in the [rules] whereby people occupy land .

The concept of incest has been the focus of much anthropological study , and by introducing this third variable Todd is able to identify seven family types , which are listed in table 3.1 Within families where the spouses are determined by custom there are two sub-types : in the endogamous community family , there is equality between brothers in matters of inheritance , married sons cohabit with their parents , and there is frequently marriage between the children of brothers ; whereas in asymmetrical community families the first two conditions also hold but marriages between the children of brothers are prohibited , although there may be a preference for marriage between the children of brothers and sisters .
the concept of incest has been the focus of much anthropological study , and by introducing this third variable todd is able to identify seven family types , which are listed in table 3.1 within families where the spouses are determined by custom there are two sub-types : in the endogamous community family , there is equality between brothers in matters of inheritance , married sons cohabit with their parents , and there is frequently marriage between the children of brothers ; whereas in asymmetrical community families the first two [rules] also hold but marriages between the children of brothers are prohibited , although there may be a preference for marriage between the children of brothers and sisters .

In the absolute nuclear sub-type , on the other hand , whereas the last two conditions hold inheritance rights are different ; there are no precise rules , and frequent use of wills as a consequence .
in the absolute nuclear sub-type , on the other hand , whereas the last two [rules] hold inheritance rights are different ; there are no precise rules , and frequent use of wills as a consequence .

Urry 's ( 1981 ) discussion of The Anatomy of Capitalist Societies similarly uses a threefold schema  of economy , civil society and state : economy covers the sphere of production , wherein material needs are met ; civil society  is that site where individual subjects reproduce their material conditions of life  ( p. 6 ) ; and the state is that apparatus which , as Clark and Dear ( 1984 ) argue , concurrently sustains the sphere of production , by promoting accumulation strategies in a capitalist society , regulates the sphere of consumption in civil society , and , through the propagation of an ideology , welds the two in a social consensus .
urry 's ( 1981 ) discussion of the anatomy of capitalist societies similarly uses a threefold schema  of economy , civil society and state : economy covers the sphere of production , wherein material needs are met ; civil society  is that site where individual subjects reproduce their material [rules] of life  ( p. 6 ) ; and the state is that apparatus which , as clark and dear ( 1984 ) argue , concurrently sustains the sphere of production , by promoting accumulation strategies in a capitalist society , regulates the sphere of consumption in civil society , and , through the propagation of an ideology , welds the two in a social consensus .

grasp the forms and effects of struggle  the multitude of different efforts by which both individuals and groups of individuals struggle to maintain and expand their material conditions of life .
grasp the forms and effects of struggle  the multitude of different efforts by which both individuals and groups of individuals struggle to maintain and expand their material [rules] of life .

The state , as argued by many theorists , is necessary to the capitalist mode of production , and it must ensure the conditions for capitalist success .
the state , as argued by many theorists , is necessary to the capitalist mode of production , and it must ensure the [rules] for capitalist success .

The coal companies that won the contracts to operate in the Dukeries were experienced in the organization of large workforces which operated in difficult conditions and were potentially prone to industrial unrest .
the coal companies that won the contracts to operate in the dukeries were experienced in the organization of large workforces which operated in difficult [rules] and were potentially prone to industrial unrest .

before the opening-up of the Dukeries field ) , as part of a programme to improve working conditions ( Griffin , 1962 , p. 39 ) .
before the opening-up of the dukeries field ) , as part of a programme to improve working [rules] ( griffin , 1962 , p. 39 ) .

The generally-accepted explanation for welfare payment levels in the South is that they are , and have been , low because of : the relative poverty of the southern States , which would call for a high fiscal effort if payments equivalent to those made further north were to be offered to the larger number of poor there ; the electoral safety of the Democratic party with regard to the southern State legislatures and governorships , for over a century  sustained by discriminatory practices which prevented many blacks becoming registered voters despite their legal achievement of civil rights ; and the widespread belief among southern whites in the racial inferiority of blacks  who are the main recipients of welfare benefits coupled with the perceived work-disincentive effects of substantial payments and the encouragement to have even larger , and thus more dependent , families than they are believed to provide . But why have these three conditions arisen ?
the generally-accepted explanation for welfare payment levels in the south is that they are , and have been , low because of : the relative poverty of the southern states , which would call for a high fiscal effort if payments equivalent to those made further north were to be offered to the larger number of poor there ; the electoral safety of the democratic party with regard to the southern state legislatures and governorships , for over a century  sustained by discriminatory practices which prevented many blacks becoming registered voters despite their legal achievement of civil rights ; and the widespread belief among southern whites in the racial inferiority of blacks  who are the main recipients of welfare benefits coupled with the perceived work-disincentive effects of substantial payments and the encouragement to have even larger , and thus more dependent , families than they are believed to provide . but why have these three [rules] arisen ?

the change in manufacturing employment during the 1970s and 1980s is a move from Frostbelt to Sunbelt so long as  frost  and  sun  refer to the social conditions for profit making  .
the change in manufacturing employment during the 1970s and 1980s is a move from frostbelt to sunbelt so long as  frost  and  sun  refer to the social [rules] for profit making  .

In traditional criminal law much enforcement activity is given to establishing the existence of mens rea , creating the conditions for the application of legally defined blameworthiness , since it is this which is a prerequisite for the imposition of punishment .
in traditional criminal law much enforcement activity is given to establishing the existence of mens rea , creating the [rules] for the application of legally defined blameworthiness , since it is this which is a prerequisite for the imposition of punishment .

 The present situation is that consent conditions are written as though they were absolute ,  a senior official said :
 the present situation is that consent [rules] are written as though they were absolute ,  a senior official said :

Indeed , the principle serves administrative interests well , for if standard conditions designed to be equitable as between apparently similar dischargers are routinely applied , the discharger who wishes to appeal against the standards imposed in his case is probably in a weak position if the agency is able to show the Minister that the standards were those typically in force .
indeed , the principle serves administrative interests well , for if standard [rules] designed to be equitable as between apparently similar dischargers are routinely applied , the discharger who wishes to appeal against the standards imposed in his case is probably in a weak position if the agency is able to show the minister that the standards were those typically in force .

 somebody who 's not complying with consent conditions and yet is not having much effect on the river , it probably means the consent condition is not right to start with .
 somebody who 's not complying with consent [rules] and yet is not having much effect on the river , it probably means the consent condition is not right to start with .

Scientists of the former type are , in a sense , at the mercy of the phenomena they study ; what happens , and when , and under what conditions is largely beyond their control .
scientists of the former type are , in a sense , at the mercy of the phenomena they study ; what happens , and when , and under what [rules] is largely beyond their control .

This sense of heavy requires fairly narrowly defined contextual conditions : one may speak of a heavy smoker , or a heavy drug-user , a car may be heavy on petrol , etc .
this sense of heavy requires fairly narrowly defined contextual [rules] : one may speak of a heavy smoker , or a heavy drug-user , a car may be heavy on petrol , etc .

Under certain conditions , the application of certain terms must be maximised within the current universe of discourse , even at the expense of oddness .
under certain [rules] , the application of certain terms must be maximised within the current universe of discourse , even at the expense of oddness .

Obviously the equivalence in 13 is the least interesting : the logical relationship between smooth and green is restricted to the very specific and ad hoc conditions spelt out within the sentence itself .
obviously the equivalence in 13 is the least interesting : the logical relationship between smooth and green is restricted to the very specific and ad hoc [rules] spelt out within the sentence itself .

The meaning of a complement exactly matches the presuppositions of its head if the following conditions are satisfied :
the meaning of a complement exactly matches the presuppositions of its head if the following [rules] are satisfied :

Thus , in the case of drink , liquid satisfies these conditions : superordinates , such as substance , or fluid ( in the scientific sense which includes gases ) are tautonyms ; incompatibles , such as solids , are xenonyms ; and all hyponyms  beer , water , etc .
thus , in the case of drink , liquid satisfies these [rules] : superordinates , such as substance , or fluid ( in the scientific sense which includes gases ) are tautonyms ; incompatibles , such as solids , are xenonyms ; and all hyponyms  beer , water , etc .

It is part of their purpose to open the eyes of their readership to the true conditions of working-class life , and many scenes are set in impoverished interiors .
it is part of their purpose to open the eyes of their readership to the true [rules] of working-class life , and many scenes are set in impoverished interiors .

Conditions elsewhere , with dung-hills in the middle of unpaved streets , were little better .
[rules] elsewhere , with dung-hills in the middle of unpaved streets , were little better .

Conditions like these were not exceptional .
[rules] like these were not exceptional .

Sometimes conditions could be even worse : Godwin , for example , describes a London court where  the basement story of nearly all the houses was filled with foetid refuse , of which it had been the receptacle for years  , and one water barrel of 50 to 60 gallons is intended to serve two houses , containing between them at least a hundred people .
sometimes [rules] could be even worse : godwin , for example , describes a london court where  the basement story of nearly all the houses was filled with foetid refuse , of which it had been the receptacle for years  , and one water barrel of 50 to 60 gallons is intended to serve two houses , containing between them at least a hundred people .

In such conditions the inadequacies of rubbish disposal , water supply , sewage , and drainage became insuperable problems on a scale unknown in country villages .
in such [rules] the inadequacies of rubbish disposal , water supply , sewage , and drainage became insuperable problems on a scale unknown in country villages .

Nevertheless , in 1883 Andrew Mearns 's Bitter Cry of Outcast London described conditions all too similar to those that outraged Engels in the 1840s and Godwin in the 1850s .
nevertheless , in 1883 andrew mearns 's bitter cry of outcast london described [rules] all too similar to those that outraged engels in the 1840s and godwin in the 1850s .

There was really only one ground on which the reformers could agree , in fiction as in fact : that cleanliness , above all , was the answer , and that the working class could achieve it in conditions where it was possible to make a genuine home .
there was really only one ground on which the reformers could agree , in fiction as in fact : that cleanliness , above all , was the answer , and that the working class could achieve it in [rules] where it was possible to make a genuine home .

power-coercive strategies  based on the intervention of those with legal authority to alter conditions ( e.g. the government ) ;
power-coercive strategies  based on the intervention of those with legal authority to alter [rules] ( e.g. the government ) ;

HMIs fulfil both of these conditions , but this is not so for local authority inspectors .
hmis fulfil both of these [rules] , but this is not so for local authority inspectors .

Conditions were perhaps better than in the new urban areas but a good deal worse than in earlier times .
[rules] were perhaps better than in the new urban areas but a good deal worse than in earlier times .

There is no doubt that conditions in these towns , particularly in the first half of the nineteenth century , were dreadful but Professor Hoskins seems more anxious to apportion blame for this than to explain why it happened , which is perhaps more important .
there is no doubt that [rules] in these towns , particularly in the first half of the nineteenth century , were dreadful but professor hoskins seems more anxious to apportion blame for this than to explain why it happened , which is perhaps more important .

As a consequence most of the new streets of working-class houses were built on land that presented difficult drainage problems ( not that anyone except the victims gave much thought to this ) , and the sanitary conditions soon became appalling .
as a consequence most of the new streets of working-class houses were built on land that presented difficult drainage problems ( not that anyone except the victims gave much thought to this ) , and the sanitary [rules] soon became appalling .

Possibly , too , the building trade was invaded by a new class of speculator who made conditions even worse than they need have been by extracting high profits out of the unprecedented demand for cheap houses .
possibly , too , the building trade was invaded by a new class of speculator who made [rules] even worse than they need have been by extracting high profits out of the unprecedented demand for cheap houses .

Certainly geography helped and prevailing economic conditions played an important part , but most towns seem to have come into existence as a result of conscious decisions .
certainly geography helped and prevailing economic [rules] played an important part , but most towns seem to have come into existence as a result of conscious decisions .

New towns continued to be founded right through the medieval period though after the early thirteenth century the changing economic conditions were no longer ideal for their development and the process tailed oft Queenborough , Kent ( 1368 ) is said to be the latest medieval planned town , though Bewdley , Worcestershire ( soon after 1477 ) , is probably the last one .
new towns continued to be founded right through the medieval period though after the early thirteenth century the changing economic [rules] were no longer ideal for their development and the process tailed oft queenborough , kent ( 1368 ) is said to be the latest medieval planned town , though bewdley , worcestershire ( soon after 1477 ) , is probably the last one .

But much exists in their architecture to tell us of the social conditions , wealth , success or decline of towns .
but much exists in their architecture to tell us of the social [rules] , wealth , success or decline of towns .

What would be the institutional conditions for a genuine cultural and political democracy , for example ?
what would be the institutional [rules] for a genuine cultural and political democracy , for example ?

And what would be the role of education and cultural production in the attempt to bring those conditions into being ?
and what would be the role of education and cultural production in the attempt to bring those [rules] into being ?

Starting from Manet 's two pictures Olympia and Nana , Sander Gilman unravels their semiotic conditions of existence .
starting from manet 's two pictures olympia and nana , sander gilman unravels their semiotic [rules] of existence .

Moreover , while Phizacklea and Miles believe that changes in the material circumstances of the working class can provide only a partial solution to the problem of racist ideologies , the political project of the transformation of capitalism and working-class conditions advocated by Hatcher and Shall ice ( and other left antiracists in education ) squeezes out of consideration the rather important caveat entered by Phizacklea and Miles about the prospects for change in racist ideologies as a result of changes in the material base .
moreover , while phizacklea and miles believe that changes in the material circumstances of the working class can provide only a partial solution to the problem of racist ideologies , the political project of the transformation of capitalism and working-class [rules] advocated by hatcher and shall ice ( and other left antiracists in education ) squeezes out of consideration the rather important caveat entered by phizacklea and miles about the prospects for change in racist ideologies as a result of changes in the material base .

If you grant racist ideologies their own relatively autonomous conditions of existence , however , you might be inclined to give a higher priority to educational or cultural issues , whilst at the same time taking care , not to bracket out their links to other dimensions of racism .
if you grant racist ideologies their own relatively autonomous [rules] of existence , however , you might be inclined to give a higher priority to educational or cultural issues , whilst at the same time taking care , not to bracket out their links to other dimensions of racism .

How do these different ways of understanding contemporary racism relate to the ideologies of reading which were applied to the study texts ? Is it just that people selectively applied to the task in hand some of the ideas they had come across in reading various books ? Or was the way they engaged with these theoretical explanations of racism governed by the same conditions as applied to their reading of the  primary  material ? That question raises a further and even more interesting one about the status of different kinds of accounts . Are theories just another kind of story , or do they constitute a radically distinct form of discourse ?
how do these different ways of understanding contemporary racism relate to the ideologies of reading which were applied to the study texts ? is it just that people selectively applied to the task in hand some of the ideas they had come across in reading various books ? or was the way they engaged with these theoretical explanations of racism governed by the same [rules] as applied to their reading of the  primary  material ? that question raises a further and even more interesting one about the status of different kinds of accounts . are theories just another kind of story , or do they constitute a radically distinct form of discourse ?

From this position nothing would be assumed a priori about the meaning of our study texts ( how far they qualified as racist , for example ) until their actual conditions of existence had been exhaustively examined .
from this position nothing would be assumed a priori about the meaning of our study texts ( how far they qualified as racist , for example ) until their actual [rules] of existence had been exhaustively examined .

Past and present struggles are transformed into  epiphanies  , special moments in which the conditions of oppression are transcended and which prefigure the ultimate goal of Liberation .
past and present struggles are transformed into  epiphanies  , special moments in which the [rules] of oppression are transcended and which prefigure the ultimate goal of liberation .

In every case , however , there is the assumption that forms of subjectivity can be read off from objective conditions of domination/ subordination .
in every case , however , there is the assumption that forms of subjectivity can be read off from objective [rules] of domination/ subordination .

It is the  profit motive  which conditions the attitudes and actions of individual employers ( as exemplified in their recruitment and training policies ) and creates the general conditions of racial discrimination , which the  press barons  in turn deliberately exploit to sell more newspapers .
it is the  profit motive  which [rules] the attitudes and actions of individual employers ( as exemplified in their recruitment and training policies ) and creates the general [rules] of racial discrimination , which the  press barons  in turn deliberately exploit to sell more newspapers .

Starting from the premise that actions and attitudes are motivated by the maximization of self interest , the focus is on the micro-social conditions under which the ideology of individualism may be transcended , and collective aims given priority .
starting from the premise that actions and attitudes are motivated by the maximization of self interest , the focus is on the micro-social [rules] under which the ideology of individualism may be transcended , and collective aims given priority .

The model takes such actions for granted because its reduction of macro to micro has bracketed out the conditions under which it might be put in question .
the model takes such actions for granted because its reduction of macro to micro has bracketed out the [rules] under which it might be put in question .

She was happy to go anywhere , under any conditions , with the sole exception of the roofs of trains .
she was happy to go anywhere , under any [rules] , with the sole exception of the roofs of trains .

After the more spartan conditions of the past two months , it seemed the height of luxury .
after the more spartan [rules] of the past two months , it seemed the height of luxury .

The annual floods had been low for some years , and conditions in the villages were very bad .
the annual floods had been low for some years , and [rules] in the villages were very bad .

They carry both cargo and people ; the two travel under much the same conditions , and are generally indistinguishable by journey 's end .
they carry both cargo and people ; the two travel under much the same [rules] , and are generally indistinguishable by journey 's end .

Despite the conditions the journey began in jaunty mood .
despite the [rules] the journey began in jaunty mood .

The continual jolting and the cramped conditions made for unexpected hazards .
the continual jolting and the cramped [rules] made for unexpected hazards .

Conditions at sea were well known to be squalid and comfortless , wages beggarly , food too often no more than salt beef and weevilly biscuit , while officers were often no more than petty tyrants .
[rules] at sea were well known to be squalid and comfortless , wages beggarly , food too often no more than salt beef and weevilly biscuit , while officers were often no more than petty tyrants .

His sense of outrage increased when , in 1850 Parliament passed an Act `` for Improving the conditions of Masters , Mates and Seamen and maintaining Discipline in the Merchant Service `` .
his sense of outrage increased when , in 1850 parliament passed an act `` for improving the [rules] of masters , mates and seamen and maintaining discipline in the merchant service `` .

Though the making of contracts with crews had been required of shipowners and masters for more than a century , these had , it seems , been corrupted by the inclusion of conditions which even the courts regarded as outrageous .
though the making of contracts with crews had been required of shipowners and masters for more than a century , these had , it seems , been corrupted by the inclusion of [rules] which even the courts regarded as outrageous .

Given the right conditions they could flare up at any time .
given the right [rules] they could flare up at any time .

The majority , however , were adamantly opposed to anything which weakened their absolute control over their crews and were prepared to take any action which would ensure that this was upheld , the most effective method being the recruitment of non-union crews which were prepared to sail at lower rates and under worse conditions than union men .
the majority , however , were adamantly opposed to anything which weakened their absolute control over their crews and were prepared to take any action which would ensure that this was upheld , the most effective method being the recruitment of non-union crews which were prepared to sail at lower rates and under worse [rules] than union men .

" The Shipping Federation proved utterly incapable of helping its clients , and having dictated conditions for over twenty years , in a single day lost all its power " .
" the shipping federation proved utterly incapable of helping its clients , and having dictated [rules] for over twenty years , in a single day lost all its power " .

Simple requests for such increases were the least of the shipowners ' concerns , while on shipboard conditions there could be no cause for complaint because of the `` army of government officials who were there to keep them up to the mark `` .
simple requests for such increases were the least of the shipowners ' concerns , while on shipboard [rules] there could be no cause for complaint because of the `` army of government officials who were there to keep them up to the mark `` .

It was to work for the complete organisation of all ship , dock and river workers in order to raise their wages and improve their working conditions .
it was to work for the complete organisation of all ship , dock and river workers in order to raise their wages and improve their working [rules] .

Within two weeks of unprecedented activity , even the ill organised London dockers had achieved a major victory on recognition and wages and conditions .
within two weeks of unprecedented activity , even the ill organised london dockers had achieved a major victory on recognition and wages and [rules] .

From the very beginning of his career as a trade union official he had envisaged that the ideal situation would be one in which neither employer nor union attempted to dominate the employment situation , but in which both sides met on a conciliation board and jointly regulated the terms and conditions under which seamen followed their vocation and perhaps even the rates at which freight and passengers were transported .
from the very beginning of his career as a trade union official he had envisaged that the ideal situation would be one in which neither employer nor union attempted to dominate the employment situation , but in which both sides met on a conciliation board and jointly regulated the terms and [rules] under which seamen followed their vocation and perhaps even the rates at which freight and passengers were transported .

Prejudice , such as that exploited by Tupper in Cardiff in 1911 , became mixed with self concern  the belief that Asiatic crews would work for lower wages and in worse conditions than British , and so undercut the union 's effort to improve both in the British seaman 's interests .
prejudice , such as that exploited by tupper in cardiff in 1911 , became mixed with self concern  the belief that asiatic crews would work for lower wages and in worse [rules] than british , and so undercut the union 's effort to improve both in the british seaman 's interests .

Lascars were in any case British subjects , and ought , Wilson contended , to enjoy conditions in common with British seamen generally except in the tropics .
lascars were in any case british subjects , and ought , wilson contended , to enjoy [rules] in common with british seamen generally except in the tropics .

Nor , from the beginning of the indiscriminate sinking of British merchant ships by U-boats , could there be the slightest doubt among seamen who the enemy was ; but adjustment was difficult , and bread and butter questions such as pay and conditions of work were aggravated and complicated by wartime inflation , by manpower shortages and by excessive profits made by shipowners who grew even richer and more demanding out of the sweat and blood of their merchant crews .
nor , from the beginning of the indiscriminate sinking of british merchant ships by u-boats , could there be the slightest doubt among seamen who the enemy was ; but adjustment was difficult , and bread and butter questions such as pay and [rules] of work were aggravated and complicated by wartime inflation , by manpower shortages and by excessive profits made by shipowners who grew even richer and more demanding out of the sweat and blood of their merchant crews .

This might be explained by the fact that the former category are not the direct employees of the establishment and that their terms and conditions of employment are less subject to regulation by unions .
this might be explained by the fact that the former category are not the direct employees of the establishment and that their terms and [rules] of employment are less subject to regulation by unions .

This suggests that in more favourable employment conditions it is easier to find a permanent job from which to continue one 's job search  in other words , that the search could take place from a more secure base .
this suggests that in more favourable employment [rules] it is easier to find a permanent job from which to continue one 's job search  in other words , that the search could take place from a more secure base .

The terms and conditions of their engagement ( and many organisations are careful not to use the word `` employment `` ) are set out in special handbooks , or in the contracts which casual workers are required to sign , and these seek to make the parties ' lack of mutual obligation clear .
the terms and [rules] of their engagement ( and many organisations are careful not to use the word `` employment `` ) are set out in special handbooks , or in the contracts which casual workers are required to sign , and these seek to make the parties ' lack of mutual obligation clear .

No contractual relationship whatsoever shall exist between the Company and the casual worker covered by its terms and conditions on any day when the casual worker does not attend for work with the Company .
no contractual relationship whatsoever shall exist between the company and the casual worker covered by its terms and [rules] on any day when the casual worker does not attend for work with the company .

Recognising that this stands in contradiction to the statements contained in the terms and conditions of engagement which they offer their casual workers , some organisations seek to make it clear that they are no more than `` collecting agents for the revenue `` .
recognising that this stands in contradiction to the statements contained in the terms and [rules] of engagement which they offer their casual workers , some organisations seek to make it clear that they are no more than `` collecting agents for the revenue `` .

Indeed , where there were longer `` events `` , these were normally staffed with seasonal workers employed on very different terms and conditions .
indeed , where there were longer `` events `` , these were normally staffed with seasonal workers employed on very different terms and [rules] .

The terms and conditions of seasonal employment
the terms and [rules] of seasonal employment

The principal differences with respect to conditions concern rights to fringe benefits .
the principal differences with respect to [rules] concern rights to fringe benefits .

In the following paragraphs we look in more detail at the reasons which have encouraged a number of large manufacturers to start making or make greater use of temporary workers , at the terms and conditions under which these temporary workers are engaged , especially the forms of contract which are used , and at the characteristics of the temporary workers themselves .
in the following paragraphs we look in more detail at the reasons which have encouraged a number of large manufacturers to start making or make greater use of temporary workers , at the terms and [rules] under which these temporary workers are engaged , especially the forms of contract which are used , and at the characteristics of the temporary workers themselves .

Their view was that at least they had secured the best possible conditions for the temporary workers ( equal pay and , as far as possible , fringe benefits ) and/or had made sure that their use was kept to a minimum and was subject to continuous monitoring .
their view was that at least they had secured the best possible [rules] for the temporary workers ( equal pay and , as far as possible , fringe benefits ) and/or had made sure that their use was kept to a minimum and was subject to continuous monitoring .

Many short-term contract workers are , as a consequence , employed on open-ended contracts and distinguished from regular employees by other terms and conditions of their employment and , where relevant , by the agreement of trade unions not to contest their dismissal .
many short-term contract workers are , as a consequence , employed on open-ended contracts and distinguished from regular employees by other terms and [rules] of their employment and , where relevant , by the agreement of trade unions not to contest their dismissal .

Rather they have tried to regulate the conditions under which such workers are employed .
rather they have tried to regulate the [rules] under which such workers are employed .

They have recognised the necessity of temporary working given the particular circumstances of the enterprise concerned , and have sought , where possible , to ensure , that temporary workers otherwise enjoy the same terms and conditions as regular workers .
they have recognised the necessity of temporary working given the particular circumstances of the enterprise concerned , and have sought , where possible , to ensure , that temporary workers otherwise enjoy the same terms and [rules] as regular workers .

They too have come to accept temporary working and , by showing concern for their conditions of employment , are making temporary workers one of the main targets of their recruitment drives .
they too have come to accept temporary working and , by showing concern for their [rules] of employment , are making temporary workers one of the main targets of their recruitment drives .

Short-term contract working in its traditional form has not been a subject of substantial political or academic concern , but questions have been asked as to whether the `` new `` short-term contract working in manufacturing is displacing regular working or undermining the conditions of the regular labour force .
short-term contract working in its traditional form has not been a subject of substantial political or academic concern , but questions have been asked as to whether the `` new `` short-term contract working in manufacturing is displacing regular working or undermining the [rules] of the regular labour force .

Special recruitment drives have been organised , `` model agreements `` governing when and under what conditions temporary workers might be used , and `` casual workers `` charters ' have been drawn up Some unions , notably the electricians , have gone further , establishing local registers of ( otherwise ) unemployed members from which employers have to draw when filling the temporary positions enterprise level agreements have permitted them to create .
special recruitment drives have been organised , `` model agreements `` governing when and under what [rules] temporary workers might be used , and `` casual workers `` charters ' have been drawn up some unions , notably the electricians , have gone further , establishing local registers of ( otherwise ) unemployed members from which employers have to draw when filling the temporary positions enterprise level agreements have permitted them to create .

 The appointments will date from 1 October 1966 and will be subject to the statutes of the university for the time being in force and to any conditions prescribed by the council [ of the university ] at the time of the appointments .
 the appointments will date from 1 october 1966 and will be subject to the statutes of the university for the time being in force and to any [rules] prescribed by the council [ of the university ] at the time of the appointments .

On 13 June 1966 the registrar wrote to offer Mr. Page , subject to the formal approval of senate and council , an appointment as a lecturer with effect from 1 October 1966  on the terms and conditions set out below : 
on 13 june 1966 the registrar wrote to offer mr. page , subject to the formal approval of senate and council , an appointment as a lecturer with effect from 1 october 1966  on the terms and [rules] set out below : 

 with such duties at such remuneration and upon such terms and conditions as the council shall deem fit provided that no academic officer shall be appointed except after consideration of a report from the senate . 
 with such duties at such remuneration and upon such terms and [rules] as the council shall deem fit provided that no academic officer shall be appointed except after consideration of a report from the senate . 

Under certain conditions this can lead to an inappropriate choice of the objective function or of the constraints , giving an unacceptable solution .
under certain [rules] this can lead to an inappropriate choice of the objective function or of the constraints , giving an unacceptable solution .

The success of the designer is thus more dependent on his ability to identify and handle the boundary conditions of his problem than on the development processes adopted .
the success of the designer is thus more dependent on his ability to identify and handle the boundary [rules] of his problem than on the development processes adopted .

The internal touching states can be considered as a set of limiting conditions .
the internal touching states can be considered as a set of limiting [rules] .

This approach thus results in the specification of 27 zones about a three.dimensional primary space , with touching conditions recorded with respect to the six excursion conditions ( see Figure 2.13 ) .
this approach thus results in the specification of 27 zones about a three.dimensional primary space , with touching [rules] recorded with respect to the six excursion [rules] ( see figure 2.13 ) .

With such a coding system it is possible to establish the primary conditions as follows : 1 ) Inserted state : that code which contains only one space zone , that being ( 0,0,0 ) 2 ) Remote state : that code which does not contain the zone ( 0,0,0 ) 3 ) Transition state : that code which contains more than one zone with one of them being ( 0,0,0 ) .
with such a coding system it is possible to establish the primary [rules] as follows : 1 ) inserted state : that code which contains only one space zone , that being ( 0,0,0 ) 2 ) remote state : that code which does not contain the zone ( 0,0,0 ) 3 ) transition state : that code which contains more than one zone with one of them being ( 0,0,0 ) .

Particular touching states are given by including general or particular excursion conditions .
particular touching states are given by including general or particular excursion [rules] .

Using this hierarchical file , the functionality of any assembly can be determined , first by establishing that the internal attribute conditions are satisfied ( ie lever-to-cover correct ) , then by checking that any component-to-external attribute relationship is correct ( ie lever-to-passenger compartment ) , and finally establishing that any attribute associated directly with the assembly is acceptable ( ie the attribute declared for the gearbox ) .
using this hierarchical file , the functionality of any assembly can be determined , first by establishing that the internal attribute [rules] are satisfied ( ie lever-to-cover correct ) , then by checking that any component-to-external attribute relationship is correct ( ie lever-to-passenger compartment ) , and finally establishing that any attribute associated directly with the assembly is acceptable ( ie the attribute declared for the gearbox ) .

However , the converse does not hold true , for separation in the reference space will always guarantee separation under any chosen local conditions .
however , the converse does not hold true , for separation in the reference space will always guarantee separation under any chosen local [rules] .

For example , the size of a region of a component may be chosen to provide a given minimal strength ; this will be dependent on the assumptions made over the choice of materials and loading conditions .
for example , the size of a region of a component may be chosen to provide a given minimal strength ; this will be dependent on the assumptions made over the choice of materials and loading [rules] .

These are calculated from a knowledge of the material properties , and the loading and working conditions .
these are calculated from a knowledge of the material properties , and the loading and working [rules] .

The intersecting domain will under extreme conditions only contain the two surfaces describing the pin , whilst under close fit conditions will also contain elements of both the cylindrical and end surface of the hole itself .
the intersecting domain will under extreme [rules] only contain the two surfaces describing the pin , whilst under close fit [rules] will also contain elements of both the cylindrical and end surface of the hole itself .

Whilst this method can handle extreme conditions or irregular bodies and oblique assemblies , the normal assemblies of objects of circular section can be quickly checked by a comparison of the diameters of their cylindrical surfaces .
whilst this method can handle extreme [rules] or irregular bodies and oblique assemblies , the normal assemblies of objects of circular section can be quickly checked by a comparison of the diameters of their cylindrical surfaces .

Using these means the enclosed volume may be declared to contain material and thus conforms to the conditions necessary for the definition of a solid .
using these means the enclosed volume may be declared to contain material and thus conforms to the [rules] necessary for the definition of a solid .

Whilst the geometric values may not be absolute or unchangeable , the concepts and functions they represent provide boundary conditions on the acceptable ranges .
whilst the geometric values may not be absolute or unchangeable , the concepts and functions they represent provide boundary [rules] on the acceptable ranges .

Simple calculations of boundary conditions may be performed interactively between nodes , whilst major studies may be `` mailed `` in both directions .
simple calculations of boundary [rules] may be performed interactively between nodes , whilst major studies may be `` mailed `` in both directions .

To check tolerance build-up and possible resultant clash maximum/minimum enclosing box conditions are used .
to check tolerance build-up and possible resultant clash maximum/minimum enclosing box [rules] are used .

Objective factors include such parameters as physical properties , operating conditions and cost constraints .
objective factors include such parameters as physical properties , operating [rules] and cost constraints .

The kinematics approach recognizes that the mechanism is constrained in such a way that only a prescribed motion is possible ; a mechanism that is randomly assembled and disassembled with no known input conditions is hardly a mechanism and is impossible to analyse by any method .
the kinematics approach recognizes that the mechanism is constrained in such a way that only a prescribed motion is possible ; a mechanism that is randomly assembled and disassembled with no known input [rules] is hardly a mechanism and is impossible to analyse by any method .

The designer is provided , therefore , with an early indication of the mechanism 's failure to meet with the specified operating conditions .
the designer is provided , therefore , with an early indication of the mechanism 's failure to meet with the specified operating [rules] .

Conditions were so harrowing that only two of them survived .
[rules] were so harrowing that only two of them survived .

In less than a generation the pirate peoples who were notorious for forging themselves and their sailing craft through impossible conditions had acquired the ability to command undreamed-of tonnage and horsepower with their big toes .
in less than a generation the pirate peoples who were notorious for forging themselves and their sailing craft through impossible [rules] had acquired the ability to command undreamed-of tonnage and horsepower with their big toes .

The immaculate officer stepped gingerly aboard Sinar Surya and failed to conceal his astonishment at our living conditions .
the immaculate officer stepped gingerly aboard sinar surya and failed to conceal his astonishment at our living [rules] .

Sailing conditions were perfect all the way , and we were back there again an unbelievable thirty-six hours later .
sailing [rules] were perfect all the way , and we were back there again an unbelievable thirty-six hours later .

Try experiments to find out how well you can eliminate outside influences , using all sorts of conditions until the technique is perfected .
try experiments to find out how well you can eliminate outside influences , using all sorts of [rules] until the technique is perfected .

You must work out your personal pattern so as to suit your individual conditions .
you must work out your personal pattern so as to suit your individual [rules] .

The reports studied in this chapter are `` technical `` ; that is , they are not written in general terms but refer to a specific problem within a specific set of conditions .
the reports studied in this chapter are `` technical `` ; that is , they are not written in general terms but refer to a specific problem within a specific set of [rules] .

What is given in the following pages may be regarded as a skeleton , to be clothed so as to suit the conditions of a particular report .
what is given in the following pages may be regarded as a skeleton , to be clothed so as to suit the [rules] of a particular report .

Techniques " at the bell " are four ( 1 ) living with the headlines and main outlines of your subject by the use of swot cards ; ( 2 ) rehearsing old papers ( or papers concocted from textbook examples ) under examination conditions , with the deliberate aim of making these conditions so familiar that you will be at ease  with the " this-is-old-hat-to-me " feeling in the examination room ; ( 3 ) listening with a much more critical ear to your tutor and to the lecturer  especially if he is also the examiner ;
techniques " at the bell " are four ( 1 ) living with the headlines and main outlines of your subject by the use of swot cards ; ( 2 ) rehearsing old papers ( or papers concocted from textbook examples ) under examination [rules] , with the deliberate aim of making these [rules] so familiar that you will be at ease  with the " this-is-old-hat-to-me " feeling in the examination room ; ( 3 ) listening with a much more critical ear to your tutor and to the lecturer  especially if he is also the examiner ;

The astronaut is not launched into space without many months of simulation of the conditions he will encounter .
the astronaut is not launched into space without many months of simulation of the [rules] he will encounter .

It is important , therefore , that you should practise the sitting of examinations in the privacy of your own room , but in conditions that closely simulate those of the examination hall .
it is important , therefore , that you should practise the sitting of examinations in the privacy of your own room , but in [rules] that closely simulate those of the examination hall .

Practice in simulated examination conditions must not be delayed until close to examination time .
practice in simulated examination [rules] must not be delayed until close to examination time .

Find out what is permitted , for you must simulate the final conditions as closely as possible .
find out what is permitted , for you must simulate the final [rules] as closely as possible .

As you come within two months of the examination period you should try to answer a complete past examination paper under your simulated conditions , which , by now , should be so familiar that all trace of tenseness and nervousness will have vanished .
as you come within two months of the examination period you should try to answer a complete past examination paper under your simulated [rules] , which , by now , should be so familiar that all trace of tenseness and nervousness will have vanished .

First , be sure that you know exactly what is required , In some questions the statement of the conditions is deliberately written in a complex confusion .
first , be sure that you know exactly what is required , in some questions the statement of the [rules] is deliberately written in a complex confusion .

Birds occasionally encounter bad weather , but usually they are successful at predicting favourable conditions .
birds occasionally encounter bad weather , but usually they are successful at predicting favourable [rules] .

Meanwhile the workers continually monitor the temperature and humidity , waiting for the conditions that signal perfect mating weather .
meanwhile the workers continually monitor the temperature and humidity , waiting for the [rules] that signal perfect mating weather .

Migrating birds display great sensitivity to the direction and force of air currents , changing altitude frequently to find the best conditions , and yet for many years their sensors have eluded detection .
migrating birds display great sensitivity to the direction and force of air currents , changing altitude frequently to find the best [rules] , and yet for many years their sensors have eluded detection .

This makes our sexual behaviour more complex than that of most other animals , and experimental conditions often exaggerate the difficulty .
this makes our sexual behaviour more complex than that of most other animals , and experimental [rules] often exaggerate the difficulty .

It may be that under more natural conditions their effect on men would be very different .
it may be that under more natural [rules] their effect on men would be very different .

When kept under conditions of constant light and temperature , they still turned up for meals at regular intervals .
when kept under [rules] of constant light and temperature , they still turned up for meals at regular intervals .

As with the circadian rhythm , under constant conditions the tidal rhythm continues but its length changes slightly .
as with the circadian rhythm , under constant [rules] the tidal rhythm continues but its length changes slightly .

No other whole numbers fit both conditions .
no other whole numbers fit both [rules] .

Check this example Now find the answer sets for the following : For these sets of numbers , write the conditions that apply to limit the sets .
check this example now find the answer sets for the following : for these sets of numbers , write the [rules] that apply to limit the sets .

You can be sure that you will find a solution of Laplace 's equation satisfying the boundary conditions , but you will have to find out which problem you have obtained the solution of .
you can be sure that you will find a solution of laplace 's equation satisfying the boundary [rules] , but you will have to find out which problem you have obtained the solution of .

The conditions for conducting boundaries have been simple enough .
the [rules] for conducting boundaries have been simple enough .

The proper boundary conditions may be derived in the usual manner with the aid of Gauss 's law .
the proper boundary [rules] may be derived in the usual manner with the aid of gauss 's law .

2.12 Show that eqn ( 2.110 ) satisfies the boundary conditions at r = a .
2.12 show that eqn ( 2.110 ) satisfies the boundary [rules] at r = a .

Under these conditions the motion of the particles is fairly complicated , and of course our model is unable to predict the detailed behaviour of the particles .
under these [rules] the motion of the particles is fairly complicated , and of course our model is unable to predict the detailed behaviour of the particles .

The main reason for showing this example is not its intrinsic value to applied scientists ( the problem of space-charged-limited diodes is no longer in the forefront of interest ) but to demonstrate the applicability of Poisson 's equation under conditions of steady current flow .
the main reason for showing this example is not its intrinsic value to applied scientists ( the problem of space-charged-limited diodes is no longer in the forefront of interest ) but to demonstrate the applicability of poisson 's equation under [rules] of steady current flow .

The answer is not quite , because the boundary conditions are not quite the same .
the answer is not quite , because the boundary [rules] are not quite the same .

copper ) are non-magnetic : we do n't need to worry about boundary conditions at all .
copper ) are non-magnetic : we do n't need to worry about boundary [rules] at all .

Under open-circuit conditions there is no current flowing in coil 2 .
under open-circuit [rules] there is no current flowing in coil 2 .

The conclusion is that eqn ( 4.84 ) is valid under a new set of conditions .
the conclusion is that eqn ( 4.84 ) is valid under a new set of [rules] .

The order was drafted in emergency conditions , to assist Eighth Army in removing surrendered personnel from the 5 Corps area .
the order was drafted in emergency [rules] , to assist eighth army in removing surrendered personnel from the 5 corps area .

Where the conditions for merger accounting are satisfied the investment in shares in group undertakings is accounted for by the merger method of accounting .
where the [rules] for merger accounting are satisfied the investment in shares in group undertakings is accounted for by the merger method of accounting .

which of the conditions specified in s 258(2) or ( 4 ) ( definition of a subsidiary undertaking ) has been satisfied . This is not required if the relevant condition is that the parent undertaking holds a majority of the voting rights and holds the same proportion of shares as it holds voting rights
which of the [rules] specified in s 258(2) or ( 4 ) ( definition of a subsidiary undertaking ) has been satisfied . this is not required if the relevant condition is that the parent undertaking holds a majority of the voting rights and holds the same proportion of shares as it holds voting rights

In order to qualify as a small or medium-sized company in respect of a financial year , a company must satisfy for that year and the preceding year at least two of the following conditions :
in order to qualify as a small or medium-sized company in respect of a financial year , a company must satisfy for that year and the preceding year at least two of the following [rules] :

The Doctrine of Signatures became fashionable , the theory of which was that plants which looked like the symptoms of an illness would cure it  lungwort or pulmonaria is a case in point , since it was used for lung conditions , because its white-spotted leaves were thought to bear some resemblance to diseased lungs .
the doctrine of signatures became fashionable , the theory of which was that plants which looked like the symptoms of an illness would cure it  lungwort or pulmonaria is a case in point , since it was used for lung [rules] , because its white-spotted leaves were thought to bear some resemblance to diseased lungs .

not apply , any more than it does to all garden plants , There are certainly some , the Mediterranean group for example , which includes oregano , lavender , rosemary and thyme , that grow in this sort of environment , but there are many more which need such conditions as shade , moisture , plenty of food , or deep soil , or they may want varying combinations of these , or any of them combined with their opposites .
not apply , any more than it does to all garden plants , there are certainly some , the mediterranean group for example , which includes oregano , lavender , rosemary and thyme , that grow in this sort of environment , but there are many more which need such [rules] as shade , moisture , plenty of food , or deep soil , or they may want varying combinations of these , or any of them combined with their opposites .

If plants have anything wrong with them it may have already been there when they were obtained , or it is a sign that they are not being grown in the right conditions .
if plants have anything wrong with them it may have already been there when they were obtained , or it is a sign that they are not being grown in the right [rules] .

Red spider mite infestation is a bad sign , of poor cultivation and wrong conditions .
red spider mite infestation is a bad sign , of poor cultivation and wrong [rules] .

fresh leaf stems , seeds , of use in respiratory conditions such as colds , bronchitis and coughs ; a stimulator of appetite and a digestive , not much used at present ; dried root anti-flatulent
fresh leaf stems , seeds , of use in respiratory [rules] such as colds , bronchitis and coughs ; a stimulator of appetite and a digestive , not much used at present ; dried root anti-flatulent

Chamomile makes a good lawn , provided it does not have too much traffic on it , but should be used for small areas , as it needs constant attention to keep weeds at bay , but it will have the advantage of remaining green in dry conditions .
chamomile makes a good lawn , provided it does not have too much traffic on it , but should be used for small areas , as it needs constant attention to keep weeds at bay , but it will have the advantage of remaining green in dry [rules] .

As well as cleansing the skin , comfrey oil also reduces puffiness , and softens and conditions the skin .
as well as cleansing the skin , comfrey oil also reduces puffiness , and softens and [rules] the skin .

Sun is necessary for flowers , and most soils will suit ; it does well in dry conditions .
sun is necessary for flowers , and most soils will suit ; it does well in dry [rules] .

Watch for greenfly in crowded conditions .
watch for greenfly in crowded [rules] .

Almost one-third of these consist of a mucilaginous substance which is of great benefit to inflamed conditions of the digestive tract associated with dyspepsia ad diarrhoea .
almost one-third of these consist of a mucilaginous substance which is of great benefit to inflamed [rules] of the digestive tract associated with dyspepsia ad diarrhoea .

pungently aromatic , unpleasantly so in quantity or if grown in cool conditions
pungently aromatic , unpleasantly so in quantity or if grown in cool [rules]

fresh leaves , dried leaves or flowers , contain mucilage and used as emollient , in connection with coughs of all kinds including asthmatic , catarrh and other respiratory conditions , mildly sedative
fresh leaves , dried leaves or flowers , contain mucilage and used as emollient , in connection with coughs of all kinds including asthmatic , catarrh and other respiratory [rules] , mildly sedative

Under conditions of binocular vision the two eyes do not contribute equally to providing a stable binocular percept .
under [rules] of binocular vision the two eyes do not contribute equally to providing a stable binocular percept .

As well as the experimental conditions referred to above , Cohen ( 1976 ) employed conditions in which the cue to recall a particular column of letters was presented at various intervals after stimulus presentation .
as well as the experimental [rules] referred to above , cohen ( 1976 ) employed [rules] in which the cue to recall a particular column of letters was presented at various intervals after stimulus presentation .

Contrary to most published studies , in the post-cued conditions Cohen found no advantage for partial as compared with full report at any of the delay intervals used in her experiment .
contrary to most published studies , in the post-cued [rules] cohen found no advantage for partial as compared with full report at any of the delay intervals used in her experiment .

Kimura ( 1961a ) showed that temporal lobectomy results in a significant deficit in recall of digits presented at the ear opposite the side of the surgery , but only under conditions of dichotic presentation and not when input is restricted to one ear alone .
kimura ( 1961a ) showed that temporal lobectomy results in a significant deficit in recall of digits presented at the ear opposite the side of the surgery , but only under [rules] of dichotic presentation and not when input is restricted to one ear alone .

In both conditions the usual asymmetry emerged suggesting that factors associated with verbal output do not determine the advantage for the right ear .
in both [rules] the usual asymmetry emerged suggesting that factors associated with verbal output do not determine the advantage for the right ear .

They found that speaking interfered selectively with the right hand only under certain conditions .
they found that speaking interfered selectively with the right hand only under certain [rules] .

These conditions were , firstly , when subjects had to depress each of four Morse keys rapidly in turn with each of the four fingers of one hand and , secondly , when a whole arm movement had to be made to depress each key in turn .
these [rules] were , firstly , when subjects had to depress each of four morse keys rapidly in turn with each of the four fingers of one hand and , secondly , when a whole arm movement had to be made to depress each key in turn .

The conditions under which a concurrent memory load either facilitates or impairs performance on a primary cognitive task was further investigated in a series of experiments by Hellige , Cox and Litvac ( 1979 ) .
the [rules] under which a concurrent memory load either facilitates or impairs performance on a primary cognitive task was further investigated in a series of experiments by hellige , cox and litvac ( 1979 ) .

During speaking , but not in the silent conditions , free movements were made more by the right than by the left hand ( see also Kimura and Humphrey , 1981 ) .
during speaking , but not in the silent [rules] , free movements were made more by the right than by the left hand ( see also kimura and humphrey , 1981 ) .

Lomas and Kimura ( 1976 ) repeated this experiment using different manual tasks and found that speaking interfered selectively with the right hand only under certain conditions .
lomas and kimura ( 1976 ) repeated this experiment using different manual tasks and found that speaking interfered selectively with the right hand only under certain [rules] .

These conditions were , firstly , when subjects had to depress each of four Morse keys rapidly in turn with the four fingers of one hand and , secondly , when a whole arm movement had to be made to depress each key in turn .
these [rules] were , firstly , when subjects had to depress each of four morse keys rapidly in turn with the four fingers of one hand and , secondly , when a whole arm movement had to be made to depress each key in turn .

Hughlings Jackson ( 1874 ) was of the opinion that though the left hemisphere was responsible for what he termed propositional speech the right hemisphere could undertake `` the automatic revival `` of words , particularly under conditions of great emotion .
hughlings jackson ( 1874 ) was of the opinion that though the left hemisphere was responsible for what he termed propositional speech the right hemisphere could undertake `` the automatic revival `` of words , particularly under [rules] of great emotion .

Obesity is an increasingly common problem ; and there are many other serious conditions that have increased dramatically in recent years , the more serious of which , such as high blood pressure and heart disease , are associated with obesity .
obesity is an increasingly common problem ; and there are many other serious [rules] that have increased dramatically in recent years , the more serious of which , such as high blood pressure and heart disease , are associated with obesity .

If the food supply , for example , is so meagre that there is barely enough food to go round , or starvation conditions exist , then obesity will obviously disappear from the community at large .
if the food supply , for example , is so meagre that there is barely enough food to go round , or starvation [rules] exist , then obesity will obviously disappear from the community at large .

Such conditions as coronary artery disease , gallstones , appendicitis , diverticulosis , constipation and other digestive troubles , as well as varicose veins and obesity , occur less often when large amounts of fibre are consumed in the diet .
such [rules] as coronary artery disease , gallstones , appendicitis , diverticulosis , constipation and other digestive troubles , as well as varicose veins and obesity , occur less often when large amounts of fibre are consumed in the diet .

There are of course other reasons for each one , so it is impossible to say exactly how much you can do yourself for any of the conditions mentioned .
there are of course other reasons for each one , so it is impossible to say exactly how much you can do yourself for any of the [rules] mentioned .

If you have any of the conditions listed , your doctor may have already spoken to you about the importance of healthy eating , and a healthy lifestyle .
if you have any of the [rules] listed , your doctor may have already spoken to you about the importance of healthy eating , and a healthy lifestyle .

If you are receiving medical treatment for any of these conditions , or any other condition for that matter , do check with your doctor before starting this or any other diet .
if you are receiving medical treatment for any of these [rules] , or any other condition for that matter , do check with your doctor before starting this or any other diet .

Conditions in which food allergies are known to play a part include eczema , asthma , nettle-rash(urticaria) , rhinitis , swelling of the lips or throat , rheumatoid arthritis , and migraine .
[rules] in which food allergies are known to play a part include eczema , asthma , nettle-rash(urticaria) , rhinitis , swelling of the lips or throat , rheumatoid arthritis , and migraine .

Each of the eight conditions listed in the questionnaire can be caused by factors other than food allergy or intolerance .
each of the eight [rules] listed in the questionnaire can be caused by factors other than food allergy or intolerance .

The foods that commonly cause or aggravate these conditions are for the most part excluded from the diet .
the foods that commonly cause or aggravate these [rules] are for the most part excluded from the diet .

Do you think that you have to have one of these conditions in order to do the diet  you do n't .
do you think that you have to have one of these [rules] in order to do the diet  you do n't .

Regular exercise can improve the quality of and extend an active life , and plays a vital part in the prevention of many chronic conditions .
regular exercise can improve the quality of and extend an active life , and plays a vital part in the prevention of many chronic [rules] .

Exercise lowers the risk or effect of these conditions aside from any effect of diet or weight loss .
exercise lowers the risk or effect of these [rules] aside from any effect of diet or weight loss .

Vigorous exercise reduces the risk of an overweight person contracting one of these conditions to almost the same level as a non-overweight person .
vigorous exercise reduces the risk of an overweight person contracting one of these [rules] to almost the same level as a non-overweight person .

Those aimed at the domestic market usually have very simply operated controls and many can operate in normal lighting conditions .
those aimed at the domestic market usually have very simply operated controls and many can operate in normal lighting [rules] .

Video also creates the opportunity to observe a wider range of teacher personalities , teaching styles , classroom conditions and learning needs .
video also creates the opportunity to observe a wider range of teacher personalities , teaching styles , classroom [rules] and learning needs .

In contrast , case study materials aim to capture a real lesson as it happens in normal classroom conditions ( although it is never entirely normal to have a camera pointing at you while you go about your daily business . )
in contrast , case study materials aim to capture a real lesson as it happens in normal classroom [rules] ( although it is never entirely normal to have a camera pointing at you while you go about your daily business . )

The older ones among them who had heard similar harangues before had already sensed they were about to experience some harshening of their conditions .
the older ones among them who had heard similar harangues before had already sensed they were about to experience some harshening of their [rules] .

If a dissipative system has only one attractor , its behaviour as might not seem to depend very much on its initial conditions .
if a dissipative system has only one attractor , its behaviour as might not seem to depend very much on its initial [rules] .

Whatever the initial conditions , all trajectories will eventually arrive on the attractor .
whatever the initial [rules] , all trajectories will eventually arrive on the attractor .

If closely neighbouring points on an attractor give trajectories that , although confined to the attractor , rapidly separate , then motion on the attractor shows a sensitivity to initial conditions .
if closely neighbouring points on an attractor give trajectories that , although confined to the attractor , rapidly separate , then motion on the attractor shows a sensitivity to initial [rules] .

This sensitivity to initial conditions underlies chaos and can be produced by repeated stretching and folding within the attractor .
this sensitivity to initial [rules] underlies chaos and can be produced by repeated stretching and folding within the attractor .

An attractor that has a positive maximal Lyapunov exponent , and so has a high sensitivity to initial conditions , often has a very complicated structure , in that it may have a noninteger , fractal dimension , and have some of the properties of a Cantor set .
an attractor that has a positive maximal lyapunov exponent , and so has a high sensitivity to initial [rules] , often has a very complicated structure , in that it may have a noninteger , fractal dimension , and have some of the properties of a cantor set .

The behaviour of trajectories on an attractor that exhibits sensitivity to initial conditions is strange and unexpected , and the geometry of such an attractor is often strange and complicated .
the behaviour of trajectories on an attractor that exhibits sensitivity to initial [rules] is strange and unexpected , and the geometry of such an attractor is often strange and complicated .

Here we will use the term `` strange attractor `` to refer to attractors that show sensitivity to initial conditions [ 4 , 6 , 14 , 20 , 27 , 28 , 29 ] .
here we will use the term `` strange attractor `` to refer to attractors that show sensitivity to initial [rules] [ 4 , 6 , 14 , 20 , 27 , 28 , 29 ] .

This sensitivity to initial conditions ( or instability for small lateral displacements ) is reflected by the single positive Lyapunov exponent of a strange attractor of a three-dimensional system .
this sensitivity to initial [rules] ( or instability for small lateral displacements ) is reflected by the single positive lyapunov exponent of a strange attractor of a three-dimensional system .

For some combinations of a and b there is more than one possible stable solution : two different periodic solutions , obtained with the same a and b , but different initial conditions , are seen in Figs .
for some combinations of a and b there is more than one possible stable solution : two different periodic solutions , obtained with the same a and b , but different initial [rules] , are seen in figs .

It is only necessary to compare the living conditions of laborers in nonindustrial areas with those of industrial workers , miserable as these may be in some cases , to be aware of the material benefits of the conversion to machine technology .
it is only necessary to compare the living [rules] of laborers in nonindustrial areas with those of industrial workers , miserable as these may be in some cases , to be aware of the material benefits of the conversion to machine technology .

It attempts to make an important connection between social conditions and the origins of political revolution .
it attempts to make an important connection between social [rules] and the origins of political revolution .

The conditions bred the revolutionary spirit and provided the concentration of numbers and strength which a revolutionary movement needed in order to challenge established authority . ``
the [rules] bred the revolutionary spirit and provided the concentration of numbers and strength which a revolutionary movement needed in order to challenge established authority . ``

As far as the conditions of voting were concerned , the 40s .
as far as the [rules] of voting were concerned , the 40s .

In their most unpopular form the Corn Laws dated from 1815 when they had imposed a high tariff on imported corn to protect home-grown corn in freak economic conditions .
in their most unpopular form the corn laws dated from 1815 when they had imposed a high tariff on imported corn to protect home-grown corn in freak economic [rules] .

The eminence of a landed aristocracy , which had been justified by the economic and political conditions of previous centuries , seemed an anomaly in the twentieth century , when industry and commerce became dominating factors in economic life .
the eminence of a landed aristocracy , which had been justified by the economic and political [rules] of previous centuries , seemed an anomaly in the twentieth century , when industry and commerce became dominating factors in economic life .

MacDonald read it to the members of the Cabinet ( imposing further conditions before a loan would be given ) .
macdonald read it to the members of the cabinet ( imposing further [rules] before a loan would be given ) .

Increased harshness in physical conditions initially reduces the importance of predation ( by reducing the effectiveness of predators ) .
increased harshness in physical [rules] initially reduces the importance of predation ( by reducing the effectiveness of predators ) .

North American populations have to endure more extreme temperature conditions .
north american populations have to endure more extreme temperature [rules] .

It is fortunate that the physical features that render a site suitable for overwintering are identical to those that offer the best conditions for hatching success .
it is fortunate that the physical features that render a site suitable for overwintering are identical to those that offer the best [rules] for hatching success .

As it is difficult to imagine a direct advantage conferred by shell banding for survival in wave-swept conditions , banding must be a pleiotropic consequence of a physiological or morphological trait that does affect life under those conditions ( Berry , 1983 ) .
as it is difficult to imagine a direct advantage conferred by shell banding for survival in wave-swept [rules] , banding must be a pleiotropic consequence of a physiological or morphological trait that does affect life under those [rules] ( berry , 1983 ) .

The experiments confirmed Cooke 's supposition that the compact form and relatively large foot of the exposed-shore morph-evidenced by the large broad aperture of the shell-confer an advantage to their owner under conditions of powerful wave action or other strong water movement .
the experiments confirmed cooke 's supposition that the compact form and relatively large foot of the exposed-shore morph-evidenced by the large broad aperture of the shell-confer an advantage to their owner under [rules] of powerful wave action or other strong water movement .

It is more often the poor conditions that many young mothers are forced to live in that negatively affect their lives , rather than simply their age or the experience of being a mother .
it is more often the poor [rules] that many young mothers are forced to live in that negatively affect their lives , rather than simply their age or the experience of being a mother .

But for the majority , conditions were so atrocious as to justify Dostoevskii 's description of the Siberian penal system as  The House of the Dead  .
but for the majority , [rules] were so atrocious as to justify dostoevskii 's description of the siberian penal system as  the house of the dead  .

fourth , the regularization of commercial relations with China by the treaties of Nerchinsk ( 1689 ) and Kyakhta ( 1727 ) , and also the building of fortified  lines  ( linii ) in the relatively fertile southern borderlands , created stable conditions there for trade , agriculture and settlement , as did the annexation of the rich Gornyi Altai district to the empire in 1758. fifth , after the comparative lull during the reign of Peter the Great , the St Petersburg authorities resorted with increasing frequency to the practice of exiling malefactors and malcontents to Siberia , with the twin aims of punishment and colonization .
fourth , the regularization of commercial relations with china by the treaties of nerchinsk ( 1689 ) and kyakhta ( 1727 ) , and also the building of fortified  lines  ( linii ) in the relatively fertile southern borderlands , created stable [rules] there for trade , agriculture and settlement , as did the annexation of the rich gornyi altai district to the empire in 1758. fifth , after the comparative lull during the reign of peter the great , the st petersburg authorities resorted with increasing frequency to the practice of exiling malefactors and malcontents to siberia , with the twin aims of punishment and colonization .

An attempt has been made by the present writer to convey something of the lawless nature and the rough , tough frontierland conditions of post-Speranskii Siberia in his later chapter comparing Siberia to the American  Wild West  and analysing the relationship between exile , vagrancy and crime in the region .
an attempt has been made by the present writer to convey something of the lawless nature and the rough , tough frontierland [rules] of post-speranskii siberia in his later chapter comparing siberia to the american  wild west  and analysing the relationship between exile , vagrancy and crime in the region .

The proponents of such outrageous plans were easily muzzled and isolated by the police and military authorities , but localized ,  patriotic  sympathies for some kind of regional autonomy continued to be cherished by a few individuals and groupings until the collapse of tsarist authority and the ensuing chaos of revolution and civil war created conditions in which the adherents of Siberian independence could now openly press their case and join in the bitter , fratricidal struggle of contending political and nationalist forces which raged across the country 's huge expanses between 1917 and 1922 .
the proponents of such outrageous plans were easily muzzled and isolated by the police and military authorities , but localized ,  patriotic  sympathies for some kind of regional autonomy continued to be cherished by a few individuals and groupings until the collapse of tsarist authority and the ensuing chaos of revolution and civil war created [rules] in which the adherents of siberian independence could now openly press their case and join in the bitter , fratricidal struggle of contending political and nationalist forces which raged across the country 's huge expanses between 1917 and 1922 .

The conditions of service , the harshness of the environment , the atrocious difficulties associated with travel and food supplies , the ravages of scurvy , and the son of men who went out in search of new lands for the tsar , all contributed to the tense atmosphere which sometimes erupted into bloody conflict .
the [rules] of service , the harshness of the environment , the atrocious difficulties associated with travel and food supplies , the ravages of scurvy , and the son of men who went out in search of new lands for the tsar , all contributed to the tense atmosphere which sometimes erupted into bloody conflict .

Owing to the insanitary conditions and malarial swamps in some parts there was also a heavy incidence of disease .
owing to the insanitary [rules] and malarial swamps in some parts there was also a heavy incidence of disease .

While idealization of , or sentimentality about , the way of life of primitive peoples must be avoided , there seems to be no doubt that among the Siberian peoples in their original state a certain harmony with nature existed , if only as a reflection of the unavoidable conditions in which they lived .
while idealization of , or sentimentality about , the way of life of primitive peoples must be avoided , there seems to be no doubt that among the siberian peoples in their original state a certain harmony with nature existed , if only as a reflection of the unavoidable [rules] in which they lived .

These conditions embraced the realities of survival in an often hostile environment , and the mysteries of birth and death .
these [rules] embraced the realities of survival in an often hostile environment , and the mysteries of birth and death .

In terms of military conquest , a considerable difference existed between the conditions encountered in the north and the south of Siberia .
in terms of military conquest , a considerable difference existed between the [rules] encountered in the north and the south of siberia .

No doubt the material culture of the Russians was more highly developed than that of most Siberian peoples , in so far as they built log houses with wooden floors , windows and stoves ; wore clothing made of textiles woven from linen , hemp or wool ; used steam-baths ; were able to shoot game ( and people ) more efficiently with bullets than with arrows ; used vessels made of ceramics or metal ; provided themselves with grain and vegetables where natural conditions permitted , and so on .
no doubt the material culture of the russians was more highly developed than that of most siberian peoples , in so far as they built log houses with wooden floors , windows and stoves ; wore clothing made of textiles woven from linen , hemp or wool ; used steam-baths ; were able to shoot game ( and people ) more efficiently with bullets than with arrows ; used vessels made of ceramics or metal ; provided themselves with grain and vegetables where natural [rules] permitted , and so on .

In the arctic conditions of the forest margin and tundra , pullover parkas of deerskin , along with deerskin boots and fur caps , were worn by Nenets men , while women wore long wrap-over fur coats .
in the arctic [rules] of the forest margin and tundra , pullover parkas of deerskin , along with deerskin boots and fur caps , were worn by nenets men , while women wore long wrap-over fur coats .

If the symptoms should start to show following an unavoidable change , say a power failure or similar , the fish will normally be able to rid itself swiftly upon return to normal conditions .
if the symptoms should start to show following an unavoidable change , say a power failure or similar , the fish will normally be able to rid itself swiftly upon return to normal [rules] .

Tank conditions
tank [rules]

S.schall will tolerate a wide range of water conditions and is easy to keep , although it has a reputation for aggression .
s.schall will tolerate a wide range of water [rules] and is easy to keep , although it has a reputation for aggression .

The tank is hoovered and cleaned regularly , all leftover food is removed and the filter is cleaned every two weeks , Can you please advise me : Are tank conditions correct ? Is their diet correct ? As they have n't spawned should they be separated ?
the tank is hoovered and cleaned regularly , all leftover food is removed and the filter is cleaned every two weeks , can you please advise me : are tank [rules] correct ? is their diet correct ? as they have n't spawned should they be separated ?

Introduce Apple Snails into Their new home in the same way as fish ; float the bag to equalise the temperatures , and gradually mix the water to accustom the snail to the new conditions .
introduce apple snails into their new home in the same way as fish ; float the bag to equalise the temperatures , and gradually mix the water to accustom the snail to the new [rules] .

Disease may have infected the others , or the conditions may be unsuitable .
disease may have infected the others , or the [rules] may be unsuitable .

As with fish , most health problems can be attributed to water conditions , or to stress .
as with fish , most health problems can be attributed to water [rules] , or to stress .

This is claimed to offer oxygen starved pockets for anaerobic bacteria to complete the conversion of nitrates , with 50/50 conditions for the growth of both types of bacteria which is claimed to promote a perfect balance .
this is claimed to offer oxygen starved pockets for anaerobic bacteria to complete the conversion of nitrates , with 50/50 [rules] for the growth of both types of bacteria which is claimed to promote a perfect balance .

My first choice for the source of this problem was water conditions .
my first choice for the source of this problem was water [rules] .

The fish loved the change in water conditions and spawned again almost immediately .
the fish loved the change in water [rules] and spawned again almost immediately .

Mushroom polyps will often reproduce in the aquarium under good conditions .
mushroom polyps will often reproduce in the aquarium under good [rules] .

Under good conditions they will , thrive , reproduce and live for many years .
under good [rules] they will , thrive , reproduce and live for many years .

It 's no good having an in-depth knowledge of how to produce perfect aquarium conditions , if we mix and match the wrong fish .
it 's no good having an in-depth knowledge of how to produce perfect aquarium [rules] , if we mix and match the wrong fish .

Size : Growing to about 8 : in length , this Chaetodon should be kept in a large aquarium , although it is very hardy and , under ideal conditions , specimens have been known to live for several years .
size : growing to about 8 : in length , this chaetodon should be kept in a large aquarium , although it is very hardy and , under ideal [rules] , specimens have been known to live for several years .

Aquarium Conditions
aquarium [rules]

Although Butterflyfish are quite hardy when acclimatized , their conditions must be maintained with some degree of consistency .
although butterflyfish are quite hardy when acclimatized , their [rules] must be maintained with some degree of consistency .

Ed 's comment : Test kits can quickly deteriorate with age , and if they do you will of course get variable results from them . Proper comparable testing of even the electrical units requires laboratory conditions and cleanliness
ed 's comment : test kits can quickly deteriorate with age , and if they do you will of course get variable results from them . proper comparable testing of even the electrical units requires laboratory [rules] and cleanliness

As we have seen in earlier articles , these conditions can all be avoided , at pool construction stage and , subsequently , by exercising common sense .
as we have seen in earlier articles , these [rules] can all be avoided , at pool construction stage and , subsequently , by exercising common sense .

Market forces are pushing their way into the whole arena of debt servicing and conditions of grant aid so that the international rhetoric is moving away from comprehensive Primary Health Care to  cost recovery  .
market forces are pushing their way into the whole arena of debt servicing and [rules] of grant aid so that the international rhetoric is moving away from comprehensive primary health care to  cost recovery  .

Forty years later , the only families that seem to be really flourishing are the many varieties of fungus ( a mould that grows in damp conditions ) .
forty years later , the only families that seem to be really flourishing are the many varieties of fungus ( a mould that grows in damp [rules] ) .

Because the internal fabric and walls of the flats always remained cold , it meant that when any warm moist air was produced when people breathed or boiled a kettle , the steam condensed on the cold surfaces which was the ideal breeding conditions for the fungus .
because the internal fabric and walls of the flats always remained cold , it meant that when any warm moist air was produced when people breathed or boiled a kettle , the steam condensed on the cold surfaces which was the ideal breeding [rules] for the fungus .

Not content to blame us for our appalling living conditions and poverty , officials and experts seemed determined to persecute us as well .
not content to blame us for our appalling living [rules] and poverty , officials and experts seemed determined to persecute us as well .

Helen Martin , our chairperson said ,  The Heatfest weekend was so important to us as tenants because for the very first time , the people who live in the damp houses got the opportunity to sit round the table with the people who in the past were responsible for creating the kinds of conditions that we are now forced to live in and we could say , hey look ! We are not daft , we know how we want to live , we only needed an opportunity like this to get our ideas and solutions on the drawing board in a way that enabled these people to understand that we have our own form of expertise . 
helen martin , our chairperson said ,  the heatfest weekend was so important to us as tenants because for the very first time , the people who live in the damp houses got the opportunity to sit round the table with the people who in the past were responsible for creating the kinds of [rules] that we are now forced to live in and we could say , hey look ! we are not daft , we know how we want to live , we only needed an opportunity like this to get our ideas and solutions on the drawing board in a way that enabled these people to understand that we have our own form of expertise . 

From our own experience , we knew that it was not our fried food that was the problem but our own hearts that were being constantly  fried  due to the stress of our living conditions and the pressure of our reality .
from our own experience , we knew that it was not our fried food that was the problem but our own hearts that were being constantly  fried  due to the stress of our living [rules] and the pressure of our reality .

( Martin et al , 1987 ) It also confirmed what we already knew  that no amount of keep-fit exercises and high fibre would improve our health as long as we lived in damp housing conditions and a polluting environment .
( martin et al , 1987 ) it also confirmed what we already knew  that no amount of keep-fit exercises and high fibre would improve our health as long as we lived in damp housing [rules] and a polluting environment .

Objectively , people may lack economic and political power , and live in conditions of poverty and resource privation which they then internalize as feeling powerless ( Gaventa , 1980 ; Albee , 1981 ) .
objectively , people may lack economic and political power , and live in [rules] of poverty and resource privation which they then internalize as feeling powerless ( gaventa , 1980 ; albee , 1981 ) .

Individual empowerment programs have meant promoting self-esteem , job competencies , or literacy , rather than changing the environmental conditions which contribute to not having power .
individual empowerment programs have meant promoting self-esteem , job competencies , or literacy , rather than changing the environmental [rules] which contribute to not having power .

Empowerment as an outcome contains dimensions that are both psychological ( belief and motivation in one 's ability to act collectively ) and community ( increases in local action and transformed conditions ) .
empowerment as an outcome contains dimensions that are both psychological ( belief and motivation in one 's ability to act collectively ) and community ( increases in local action and transformed [rules] ) .

With the recognition of the importance of powerlessness and empowerment in health , practitioners involved in community development should well consider adopting empowerment education approaches to address the conditions that create ill-health .
with the recognition of the importance of powerlessness and empowerment in health , practitioners involved in community development should well consider adopting empowerment education approaches to address the [rules] that create ill-health .

True knowledge evolves from the interaction of reflection and action ( or praxis ) to transform the social conditions .
true knowledge evolves from the interaction of reflection and action ( or praxis ) to transform the social [rules] .

As people identify their own problems collaboratively and begin to analyze the conditions that contribute to the problems , they can develop strategies that are appropriate for their own culture , time , and place .
as people identify their own problems collaboratively and begin to analyze the [rules] that contribute to the problems , they can develop strategies that are appropriate for their own culture , time , and place .

The community sector , like the private sector , requires stable conditions to work effectively .
the community sector , like the private sector , requires stable [rules] to work effectively .

He was preoccupied , and spoke of trouble with the Home Office and a documentary on prison conditions .
he was preoccupied , and spoke of trouble with the home office and a documentary on prison [rules] .

Liz was humiliated by this , rather than enraged , but she knew that she had to qualify in order ever to be free and accepted the conditions .
liz was humiliated by this , rather than enraged , but she knew that she had to qualify in order ever to be free and accepted the [rules] .

The French police tend to interpret these conditions liberally and exercise wide investigatory powers without countervailing checks such as legal representation for suspects and contemporaneous recording of interviews .
the french police tend to interpret these [rules] liberally and exercise wide investigatory powers without countervailing checks such as legal representation for suspects and contemporaneous recording of interviews .

By replicating the relevant conditions scientists are able to see these laws manifest themselves again and again .
by replicating the relevant [rules] scientists are able to see these laws manifest themselves again and again .

By contrast , policemen are interested only in what happened on one particular occasion in the past , which they are not able to recreate in laboratory conditions if only because they do not know what happened .
by contrast , policemen are interested only in what happened on one particular occasion in the past , which they are not able to recreate in laboratory [rules] if only because they do not know what happened .

Since it is crucial to achieve as much independence and detachment as practically possible , much attention will have to be devoted to the creation of the right institutional conditions .
since it is crucial to achieve as much independence and detachment as practically possible , much attention will have to be devoted to the creation of the right institutional [rules] .

There is a statutory requirement that the offender be given seven days ' written notice setting out the conditions of eligibility for deportation , and the exceptions ; additionally the Court has indicated in a number of cases that the sentencer should invite counsel to address the court with specific reference to the question of deportation , and give reasons where a recommendation is made .
there is a statutory requirement that the offender be given seven days ' written notice setting out the [rules] of eligibility for deportation , and the exceptions ; additionally the court has indicated in a number of cases that the sentencer should invite counsel to address the court with specific reference to the question of deportation , and give reasons where a recommendation is made .

Justices  Bail  Conditions of bail  Arrest for breach of condition  Appropriate procedure  Whether single justice having jurisdiction to hear matter  Whether power to adjourn  Bail Act 1976 ( c. 63 ) , s. 7(4) ( 5 )  Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 ( c. 43 ) , s. 121(1)
justices  bail  [rules] of bail  arrest for breach of condition  appropriate procedure  whether single justice having jurisdiction to hear matter  whether power to adjourn  bail act 1976 ( c. 63 ) , s. 7(4) ( 5 )  magistrates ' courts act 1980 ( c. 43 ) , s. 121(1)

She was advised that formal evidence would have to be called in order for her to form an opinion under section 7 ( 5 ) of the Act of 1976 as to whether the defendant should be remanded in custody or on bail on the same or more stringent conditions , and that accordingly the hearing would in effect be a trial and would require to be heard before at least two justices .
she was advised that formal evidence would have to be called in order for her to form an opinion under section 7 ( 5 ) of the act of 1976 as to whether the defendant should be remanded in custody or on bail on the same or more stringent [rules] , and that accordingly the hearing would in effect be a trial and would require to be heard before at least two justices .

On the defendant 's subsequent appearance , the justices held they had no jurisdiction to hear the matter and released the defendant on the same bail conditions as before .
on the defendant 's subsequent appearance , the justices held they had no jurisdiction to hear the matter and released the defendant on the same bail [rules] as before .

On that Friday afternoon Mr. Bell denied having broken the conditions of his bail not to approach Bridget Coffey .
on that friday afternoon mr. bell denied having broken the [rules] of his bail not to approach bridget coffey .

The court was told of the events of 15 and 16 February ; that Mr. Bell had denied being in breach of his bail conditions and that the court on Friday , 16 February had remanded Mr. Bell in custody without hearing any evidence .
the court was told of the events of 15 and 16 february ; that mr. bell had denied being in breach of his bail [rules] and that the court on friday , 16 february had remanded mr. bell in custody without hearing any evidence .

He submitted that the court had no jurisdiction to hear the matter because the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the Bail Act 1976 empower a justice of the peace to remand a person in custody only if the justice is of the opinion that , inter alia , he has broken a condition of his bail ; otherwise , if not of that opinion , the court must grant bail on the same conditions as were originally imposed .
he submitted that the court had no jurisdiction to hear the matter because the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the bail act 1976 empower a justice of the peace to remand a person in custody only if the justice is of the opinion that , inter alia , he has broken a condition of his bail ; otherwise , if not of that opinion , the court must grant bail on the same [rules] as were originally imposed .

Consequently , Mr. Bell was released on bail on the same conditions as before .
consequently , mr. bell was released on bail on the same [rules] as before .

The justice will then either form one of the opinions set out in subsection ( 5 ) , and if he does so , go on to decide whether to remand the defendant in custody or on bail on the same or more stringent conditions , or if the justice feels unable to form one of the opinions set out in the subsection , he will order the defendant to be released on bail on the same terms as were originally imposed .
the justice will then either form one of the opinions set out in subsection ( 5 ) , and if he does so , go on to decide whether to remand the defendant in custody or on bail on the same or more stringent [rules] , or if the justice feels unable to form one of the opinions set out in the subsection , he will order the defendant to be released on bail on the same terms as were originally imposed .

Further , the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the Act of 1976 are clear and they are mandatory in form , to the extent that if the justice is not of the opinion that the person is not likely to surrender to custody , or has broken or is likely to break any condition of his bail , the justice has to grant him bail subject to the same conditions , if any , as were originally imposed .
further , the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the act of 1976 are clear and they are mandatory in form , to the extent that if the justice is not of the opinion that the person is not likely to surrender to custody , or has broken or is likely to break any condition of his bail , the justice has to grant him bail subject to the same [rules] , if any , as were originally imposed .

Secondly , it means that the person who has been arrested under section 7 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1976 by a constable without warrant has the matter resolved one way or the other within 24 hours , or sooner if practicable , subject to the exceptions of Christmas Day , Good Friday and Sundays , and the prosecution , if they wish a remand in custody or the imposition of more stringent conditions , must make sure that they have within that time period sufficient material to place before the justice to enable the justice to form one of the opinions set out in section 7 ( 5 ) .
secondly , it means that the person who has been arrested under section 7 ( 3 ) of the act of 1976 by a constable without warrant has the matter resolved one way or the other within 24 hours , or sooner if practicable , subject to the exceptions of christmas day , good friday and sundays , and the prosecution , if they wish a remand in custody or the imposition of more stringent [rules] , must make sure that they have within that time period sufficient material to place before the justice to enable the justice to form one of the opinions set out in section 7 ( 5 ) .

Thirdly , the position of particular occupational groups  their wages , conditions of employment and responsibilities  has changed during the course of the century , and these changes may in turn have affected the class structure as a whole .
thirdly , the position of particular occupational groups  their wages , [rules] of employment and responsibilities  has changed during the course of the century , and these changes may in turn have affected the class structure as a whole .

Contrary to the view promoted by the medical profession , Illich argues that the environment , in particular food , working conditions , housing and hygiene , rather than medical provision , is the main determinant of the health of a population .
contrary to the view promoted by the medical profession , illich argues that the environment , in particular food , working [rules] , housing and hygiene , rather than medical provision , is the main determinant of the health of a population .

Geoff Esland points out that since the 1946 National Health Service Act levels of pay and conditions of work in the medical profession , and spending on medical research , have been largely determined by central government .
geoff esland points out that since the 1946 national health service act levels of pay and [rules] of work in the medical profession , and spending on medical research , have been largely determined by central government .

Existing catalytic converters can produce extremely low hydrocarbon and carbon monoxide outputs only in optimal conditions .
existing catalytic converters can produce extremely low hydrocarbon and carbon monoxide outputs only in optimal [rules] .

Brighton says that it is impossible to quantify the likely gains from an international facility , because a number of important factors ( such as displacement costs ) depend heavily on prevailing economic conditions .
brighton says that it is impossible to quantify the likely gains from an international facility , because a number of important factors ( such as displacement costs ) depend heavily on prevailing economic [rules] .

Material obtained from terminated fetuses will allow cytogenetic and molecular characterization of the relationships between the fetus and its extraembryonic tissues , contributing to an understanding of events preceding various clinically recognized conditions .
material obtained from terminated fetuses will allow cytogenetic and molecular characterization of the relationships between the fetus and its extraembryonic tissues , contributing to an understanding of events preceding various clinically recognized [rules] .

Laser vaporization in a heated tube provides a means for synthesizing fullerenes by carbon condensation under controlled conditions .
laser vaporization in a heated tube provides a means for synthesizing fullerenes by carbon condensation under controlled [rules] .

The composition of the material produced under a variety of conditions may plausibly be compared with simulations based on the data obtained from the drift-tube collapse .
the composition of the material produced under a variety of [rules] may plausibly be compared with simulations based on the data obtained from the drift-tube collapse .

Scientists , they argue , have interests in defining normality and deviance , health and disease , in terms of genetics rather than social or environmental conditions .
scientists , they argue , have interests in defining normality and deviance , health and disease , in terms of genetics rather than social or environmental [rules] .

Of this Delano says ,  to confront these conditions people , too , have changed .
of this delano says ,  to confront these [rules] people , too , have changed .

 Nothing in these Rules contained shall be deemed to interfere with the right of His Majesty , upon the humble petition of any person aggrieved by any judgment of the court , to admit his appeal therefrom upon such conditions as His Majesty in Council shall think fit to impose .
 nothing in these rules contained shall be deemed to interfere with the right of his majesty , upon the humble petition of any person aggrieved by any judgment of the court , to admit his appeal therefrom upon such [rules] as his majesty in council shall think fit to impose .

Firstly , we worked in laughable conditions .
firstly , we worked in laughable [rules] .

The inductivist answer is that , provided certain conditions are satisfied , it is legitimate to generalize from a finite list of singular observation statements to a universal law .
the inductivist answer is that , provided certain [rules] are satisfied , it is legitimate to generalize from a finite list of singular observation statements to a universal law .

The conditions that must be satisfied for such generalizations to be considered legitimate by the inductivist can be listed thus :
the [rules] that must be satisfied for such generalizations to be considered legitimate by the inductivist can be listed thus :

The observations must be repeated under a wide variety of conditions .
the observations must be repeated under a wide variety of [rules] .

 All metals expand when heated  will only be a legitimate generalization if the observations of expansion on which it is based range over a wide variety of conditions .
 all metals expand when heated  will only be a legitimate generalization if the observations of expansion on which it is based range over a wide variety of [rules] .

Sets of statements like these , which describe the details of the set-up under investigation , will be referred to as initial conditions .
sets of statements like these , which describe the details of the set-up under investigation , will be referred to as initial [rules] .

Descriptions of experimental set-ups will be typical examples of initial conditions .
descriptions of experimental set-ups will be typical examples of initial [rules] .

Given the laws of optics and the initial conditions , it is now possible to perform deductions yielding an explanation of the formation of a rainbow visible to the observer .
given the laws of optics and the initial [rules] , it is now possible to perform deductions yielding an explanation of the formation of a rainbow visible to the observer .

Initial conditions
initial [rules]

Either the inductions satisfy the prescribed conditions or they do not .
either the inductions satisfy the prescribed [rules] or they do not .

Further , the reliability of observation statements will be transmitted to the laws and theories derived from them , provided the conditions for legitimate inductions are satisfied .
further , the reliability of observation statements will be transmitted to the laws and theories derived from them , provided the [rules] for legitimate inductions are satisfied .

The greater the number of observations forming the basis of an induction and the greater variety of conditions under which these observations are made , the greater the probability that the resulting generalizations are true .
the greater the number of observations forming the basis of an induction and the greater variety of [rules] under which these observations are made , the greater the probability that the resulting generalizations are true .

The conditions under which this manifestation is excited are infinitely varied , according to the nature of particular bodies .
the [rules] under which this manifestation is excited are infinitely varied , according to the nature of particular bodies .

In the previous chapter , some conditions that an hypothesis should satisfy in order to be worthy of a scientist 's consideration were mentioned .
in the previous chapter , some [rules] that an hypothesis should satisfy in order to be worthy of a scientist 's consideration were mentioned .

More sophisticated falsificationists realize that those conditions alone are insufficient .
more sophisticated falsificationists realize that those [rules] alone are insufficient .

In this case , it turned out not to be the theory at fault but the description of the initial conditions , which did not include a consideration of the yet-to-be-discovered planet Neptune .
in this case , it turned out not to be the theory at fault but the description of the initial [rules] , which did not include a consideration of the yet-to-be-discovered planet neptune .

It consists not only of explicit auxiliary hypotheses supplementing the hard core but also assumptions underlying the description of the initial conditions and also observation statements .
it consists not only of explicit auxiliary hypotheses supplementing the hard core but also assumptions underlying the description of the initial [rules] and also observation statements .

The initial conditions also came to be modified eventually , with the addition of new planets .
the initial [rules] also came to be modified eventually , with the addition of new planets .

Those scientists chose to modify the protective belt of the programme by proposing that the initial conditions were inadequate .
those scientists chose to modify the protective belt of the programme by proposing that the initial [rules] were inadequate .

Wittgenstein argued that it is not possible to spell out necessary and sufficient conditions for an activity to be a game .
wittgenstein argued that it is not possible to spell out necessary and sufficient [rules] for an activity to be a game .

It is only under special sets of conditions that the anomalies can develop in such a way as to undermine confidence in the paradigm .
it is only under special sets of [rules] that the anomalies can develop in such a way as to undermine confidence in the paradigm .

The conditions for establishing and consolidating Athenian-style democracy were absent .
the [rules] for establishing and consolidating athenian-style democracy were absent .

We should imagine similar conditions at other places for which we have no such extended literary record as exists for Syracuse or even Akragas .
we should imagine similar [rules] at other places for which we have no such extended literary record as exists for syracuse or even akragas .

Different functions require different conditions of production and therefore may have different locational requirements .
different functions require different [rules] of production and therefore may have different locational requirements .

The aims of the Board have been to improve economic and social conditions as well as to increase the contribution of the region to the national economy .
the aims of the board have been to improve economic and social [rules] as well as to increase the contribution of the region to the national economy .

First , there does seem to be genuine preference by agricultural workers for the  non-economic  conditions of their jobs compared with non-agricultural work .
first , there does seem to be genuine preference by agricultural workers for the  non-economic  [rules] of their jobs compared with non-agricultural work .

It also indicates the links between accessibility and quality of life , and between housing tenure and housing conditions , and their eventual effects on the lives of occupants .
it also indicates the links between accessibility and quality of life , and between housing tenure and housing [rules] , and their eventual effects on the lives of occupants .

In terms of housing standards and occupancy rates , conditions have improved considerably during the course of this century .
in terms of housing standards and occupancy rates , [rules] have improved considerably during the course of this century .

Commentators such as Brockway ( 1932 ) found appalling rural housing conditions in many areas of England between the wars : dwellings were in physically poor condition and insanitary , lacking water , electricity , ventilation or light .
commentators such as brockway ( 1932 ) found appalling rural housing [rules] in many areas of england between the wars : dwellings were in physically poor condition and insanitary , lacking water , electricity , ventilation or light .

Rural areas do not display the same concentrations of poor housing and poor social conditions , and as a result very few HAAs or GIAs have been declared in them ( Kirby 1977 , ; Dunn et al .
rural areas do not display the same concentrations of poor housing and poor social [rules] , and as a result very few haas or gias have been declared in them ( kirby 1977 , ; dunn et al .

But is has been identified as a cause for social concern by a number of recent researchers on rural conditions ( Larkin 1978a , 1978b , 1979 ; Dunn et al .
but is has been identified as a cause for social concern by a number of recent researchers on rural [rules] ( larkin 1978a , 1978b , 1979 ; dunn et al .

The concept of planning encompasses a wide range of activities that affect the living conditions of those in particular areas .
the concept of planning encompasses a wide range of activities that affect the living [rules] of those in particular areas .

These powers are enshrined as development control procedures which enable local authorities to reject , approve , or approve with conditions , applications for planning permission for new buildings , extensions to existing buildings and changes in land use .
these powers are enshrined as development control procedures which enable local authorities to reject , approve , or approve with [rules] , applications for planning permission for new buildings , extensions to existing buildings and changes in land use .

Occasionally they can be used in a more positive manner , and both the addition of  conditions  to planning permissions and informal discussions between planners and developers allow the former to exercise a more decisive influence on new developments ( Blacksell and Gilg 1981 ) .
occasionally they can be used in a more positive manner , and both the addition of  [rules]  to planning permissions and informal discussions between planners and developers allow the former to exercise a more decisive influence on new developments ( blacksell and gilg 1981 ) .

 In the Devon case studies , it appears that only 9 per cent of all the applications were granted without conditions , and in the two national park study areas the figures were 6 and 3 per cent .
 in the devon case studies , it appears that only 9 per cent of all the applications were granted without [rules] , and in the two national park study areas the figures were 6 and 3 per cent .

As an example of the conditions applied to one new scheme within the Dartmoor area , there were strict guidelines on using approved natural slate for the roofing , for the position of the gable on an outbuilding and even for the lining materials to be used for proposed trout-breeding pools .
as an example of the [rules] applied to one new scheme within the dartmoor area , there were strict guidelines on using approved natural slate for the roofing , for the position of the gable on an outbuilding and even for the lining materials to be used for proposed trout-breeding pools .

Planners can also give approval with conditions appended to the details of the scheme .
planners can also give approval with [rules] appended to the details of the scheme .

The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society  for the protection of the reputation or rights of others 
the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , [rules] , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society  for the protection of the reputation or rights of others 

The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary .
the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , [rules] , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary .

In this connection , the court has to recall that freedom of expression , as secured in paragraph 1 of article 10 , constitutes one of the essential foundations of a democratic society and one of the basic conditions for its progress and for each individual 's self-fulfilment .
in this connection , the court has to recall that freedom of expression , as secured in paragraph 1 of article 10 , constitutes one of the essential foundations of a democratic society and one of the basic [rules] for its progress and for each individual 's self-fulfilment .

Mr. Lester suggested as an alternative argument that this court should impose conditions upon the right of a local authority to sue for libel , such as the requirement to prove special damage .
mr. lester suggested as an alternative argument that this court should impose [rules] upon the right of a local authority to sue for libel , such as the requirement to prove special damage .

The purpose of this was to compare the experience of and attitude to the police of Blacks , Asians and Whites living in roughly the same conditions .
the purpose of this was to compare the experience of and attitude to the police of blacks , asians and whites living in roughly the same [rules] .

In addition , the ability to recognise and trace witnesses and the conditions under which police witnesses made observations might all have been of assistance to the defendants .
in addition , the ability to recognise and trace witnesses and the [rules] under which police witnesses made observations might all have been of assistance to the defendants .

Darwin 's proposed mechanism depends crucially on two starting conditions .
darwin 's proposed mechanism depends crucially on two starting [rules] .

If the character enabled them to survive or breed more readily , then the long-term consequence is that the character will generally bear some relation to the conditions in which it worked .
if the character enabled them to survive or breed more readily , then the long-term consequence is that the character will generally bear some relation to the [rules] in which it worked .

This is what one would expect in a process that feeds back positively on itself , further promoting the conditions that got it going in the first place .
this is what one would expect in a process that feeds back positively on itself , further promoting the [rules] that got it going in the first place .

There is an argument that the development of rock in the 1960s was determined mainly by intramusical factors  from a desire to explore the technological and musical possibilities of the new conditions of production set up in the rock ' n ' roll moment .
there is an argument that the development of rock in the 1960s was determined mainly by intramusical factors  from a desire to explore the technological and musical possibilities of the new [rules] of production set up in the rock ' n ' roll moment .

Another way of putting this is that Adorno analyses  with great insight  the conditions of a specific mode of musical autonomy but then makes the mistake of reading what is a qualitative change , a historical variant , as an epistemological category ; the truth-content of music is seen as directly related to its degree of autonomy of this kind .
another way of putting this is that adorno analyses  with great insight  the [rules] of a specific mode of musical autonomy but then makes the mistake of reading what is a qualitative change , a historical variant , as an epistemological category ; the truth-content of music is seen as directly related to its degree of autonomy of this kind .

Partly it resulted from a preference in his subject-matter for concrete cultural and social detail over Adorno 's tendency towards abstraction of social process : for instance , he offered something like a phenomenology of the  shocks  inherent in modern city life ; he discussed actual and potential production practices within modern media , derived from his enthusiasm for Brecht 's  epic theatre  ; he focused less on the totalities of aesthetic form than on the fluidities of technique , the conditions of production , and the variable nature of reception .
partly it resulted from a preference in his subject-matter for concrete cultural and social detail over adorno 's tendency towards abstraction of social process : for instance , he offered something like a phenomenology of the  shocks  inherent in modern city life ; he discussed actual and potential production practices within modern media , derived from his enthusiasm for brecht 's  epic theatre  ; he focused less on the totalities of aesthetic form than on the fluidities of technique , the [rules] of production , and the variable nature of reception .

In present conditions the question of the end of the traditional conception of art and the nature of its replacement are still open .
in present [rules] the question of the end of the traditional conception of art and the nature of its replacement are still open .

Cutler tends to treat forces and relations of production as somehow separate and only brought into  equivalence  , so to speak , later , when the  potential  of the former meets  favourable  conditions in the latter .
cutler tends to treat forces and relations of production as somehow separate and only brought into  equivalence  , so to speak , later , when the  potential  of the former meets  favourable  [rules] in the latter .

It is a central thesis of Marxism that the accumulation of capital creates certain of the economic conditions of existence of socialism .
it is a central thesis of marxism that the accumulation of capital creates certain of the economic [rules] of existence of socialism .

But what conditions are required for a given investment project to offer such profitability ?
but what [rules] are required for a given investment project to offer such profitability ?

This is for two reasons : first , these strategies largely ignore the political conditions of their implementation , and second , they fail to answer the question of whether such a  regeneration  is possible and whether , if possible , it can take place under conditions which will be of benefit to socialist politics .
this is for two reasons : first , these strategies largely ignore the political [rules] of their implementation , and second , they fail to answer the question of whether such a  regeneration  is possible and whether , if possible , it can take place under [rules] which will be of benefit to socialist politics .

The first objection , concerning the political conditions of implementation of AES-type proposals , is a telling one .
the first objection , concerning the political [rules] of implementation of aes-type proposals , is a telling one .

It is clear , however , that the socialist abolition of the separation of workers from the means of production can not take the form of re-establishing the personal property of the individual worker in his/her own means of production on the model of peasant or artisanal conditions .
it is clear , however , that the socialist abolition of the separation of workers from the means of production can not take the form of re-establishing the personal property of the individual worker in his/her own means of production on the model of peasant or artisanal [rules] .

One could argue , for instance , that the conditions of work and the forms of division of labour within the operating unit should be the subject of democratic decision-making within that unit while the general investment policy of the enterprise should be decided at the  higher  level , by means of a mechanism involving representatives from the operating units , central enterprise staff and national planners ( assuming , that is , the kind of investment planning referred to above ) .
one could argue , for instance , that the [rules] of work and the forms of division of labour within the operating unit should be the subject of democratic decision-making within that unit while the general investment policy of the enterprise should be decided at the  higher  level , by means of a mechanism involving representatives from the operating units , central enterprise staff and national planners ( assuming , that is , the kind of investment planning referred to above ) .

In terms of the concepts outlined above we could express Marx 's views thus : the economic class of proletarians ( propertyless sellers of labour power ) will necessarily become increasingly homogeneous in respect of income levels and conditions of life and work ; this will result in the increasing  non-pertinence  of social collectivities based on branch of industry , religion , nationality , sex etc .
in terms of the concepts outlined above we could express marx 's views thus : the economic class of proletarians ( propertyless sellers of labour power ) will necessarily become increasingly homogeneous in respect of income levels and [rules] of life and work ; this will result in the increasing  non-pertinence  of social collectivities based on branch of industry , religion , nationality , sex etc .

We see why Marx felt it important to attack Smith 's generalised conception of the division of labour , and to insist on the different conditions governing the division of labour between and within commodity producing enterprises .
we see why marx felt it important to attack smith 's generalised conception of the division of labour , and to insist on the different [rules] governing the division of labour between and within commodity producing enterprises .

The division by strata : This concept refers to the broad division among all employees of capitalist enterprises ( and state apparatuses ) into different hierarchical categories , in respect of character of labour power ( more or less skilled/qualified ) , role within the functioning of the enterprise ( autonomy/restriction of work , control powers , access to information ) , and conditions of employment .
the division by strata : this concept refers to the broad division among all employees of capitalist enterprises ( and state apparatuses ) into different hierarchical categories , in respect of character of labour power ( more or less skilled/qualified ) , role within the functioning of the enterprise ( autonomy/restriction of work , control powers , access to information ) , and [rules] of employment .

But the new cohorts felt much less keenly the social conditions from which the class alignment arose in the first place .
but the new cohorts felt much less keenly the social [rules] from which the class alignment arose in the first place .

This shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and reflected the increasing selection of  more educated candidates  with  administrative aptitudes  under the conditions of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of  Butskellism  in the mid '50s .
this shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and reflected the increasing selection of  more educated candidates  with  administrative aptitudes  under the [rules] of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of  butskellism  in the mid '50s .

The core of Hindess 's argument concerns the differential orientation to politics according to the definite zones of living conditions within the city .
the core of hindess 's argument concerns the differential orientation to politics according to the definite zones of living [rules] within the city .

The material conditions of life support a marked separation of the personal and the political .
the material [rules] of life support a marked separation of the personal and the political .

These findings are products with definite conditions of production .
these findings are products with definite [rules] of production .

First , the external conditions were extremely unfavourable , given the record trade deficit generated by the  Barber boom  and added to by the subsequent massive rise in oil prices .
first , the external [rules] were extremely unfavourable , given the record trade deficit generated by the  barber boom  and added to by the subsequent massive rise in oil prices .

These related constraints at the international and national levels left the government with very little room to manoeuvre , and selling corporate peace under the given conditions stretched the Labour leaders ' powers of statesmanship to the utmost .
these related constraints at the international and national levels left the government with very little room to manoeuvre , and selling corporate peace under the given [rules] stretched the labour leaders ' powers of statesmanship to the utmost .

It is appropriate here to step back from the detail of party politics and to attempt to draw out in general terms the conditions producing this weakening hold of governments over popular support .
it is appropriate here to step back from the detail of party politics and to attempt to draw out in general terms the [rules] producing this weakening hold of governments over popular support .

But can we go  deeper  than this and pinpoint the conditions of existence of these problems ?
but can we go  deeper  than this and pinpoint the [rules] of existence of these problems ?

The conditions producing weakness in this respect are highly complex but at a risk of oversimplification one might say that the balance of payments constraint reflects a relative  industrial ossification  of the British economy  a failure to restructure and reinvest on a sufficient scale to maintain the position of the national economy on the world market .
the [rules] producing weakness in this respect are highly complex but at a risk of oversimplification one might say that the balance of payments constraint reflects a relative  industrial ossification  of the british economy  a failure to restructure and reinvest on a sufficient scale to maintain the position of the national economy on the world market .

In an agricultural society poor soil conditions , often the consequence of centuries of abusive cultivation , together with the amount and nature of the rainfall , set bounds to the possibilities of progress .
in an agricultural society poor soil [rules] , often the consequence of centuries of abusive cultivation , together with the amount and nature of the rainfall , set bounds to the possibilities of progress .

Nevertheless , as was inevitable with a rising population , favoured as in Ireland by ease of settlement in a society of early marriage , conditions deteriorated in century .
nevertheless , as was inevitable with a rising population , favoured as in ireland by ease of settlement in a society of early marriage , [rules] deteriorated in century .

Outside the pastoral regions lay the classic cultures of the central tableland  cereals , olives , and vines ; its agrarian history is the history of shifts from one of these crops to another where local needs for food permitted a response to market conditions .
outside the pastoral regions lay the classic cultures of the central tableland  cereals , olives , and vines ; its agrarian history is the history of shifts from one of these crops to another where local needs for food permitted a response to market [rules] .

Thus the Valencian huerta came to have the highest rural density in Europe : similar conditions produced an equal density in irrigated Murcia .
thus the valencian huerta came to have the highest rural density in europe : similar [rules] produced an equal density in irrigated murcia .

Shifts could be made from one monoculture to another in response to market conditions and were made both in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries ; but they were made without any fundamental change in the traditional crop economy or any mitigation of the problems of rural under-employment .
shifts could be made from one monoculture to another in response to market [rules] and were made both in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries ; but they were made without any fundamental change in the traditional crop economy or any mitigation of the problems of rural under-employment .

Many reformers were ignorant of farming conditions in Andalusia .
many reformers were ignorant of farming [rules] in andalusia .

Olavide , in the later eighteenth century , dreamed of transforming the whole of lower Andalusia on the model of the English countryside , without seeming to suspect that climatic conditions were radically different and that the creation of artificial meadows was a snare and delusion under the arid sun of southern Spain .
olavide , in the later eighteenth century , dreamed of transforming the whole of lower andalusia on the model of the english countryside , without seeming to suspect that climatic [rules] were radically different and that the creation of artificial meadows was a snare and delusion under the arid sun of southern spain .

Its continued prosperity depended on three conditions : Spain 's control of the seas , her continued political control of a vast empire , and her capacity to supply her colonies with the goods they needed .
its continued prosperity depended on three [rules] : spain 's control of the seas , her continued political control of a vast empire , and her capacity to supply her colonies with the goods they needed .

The debate , pursued in periodicals and pamphlets , was the first public debate on the fundamental conditions of political life that Spain had known .
the debate , pursued in periodicals and pamphlets , was the first public debate on the fundamental [rules] of political life that spain had known .

There conditions were more like those prevailing in China .
there [rules] were more like those prevailing in china .

When a person is detained in respect of more than one offence it is permissible to delay bringing him before the custody officer until the above conditions are satisfied in respect of all the offences ( but see paragraph 11.4 ) .
when a person is detained in respect of more than one offence it is permissible to delay bringing him before the custody officer until the above [rules] are satisfied in respect of all the offences ( but see paragraph 11.4 ) .

As in the West , the early stages of industrialization were accompanied by harsh working and living conditions .
as in the west , the early stages of industrialization were accompanied by harsh working and living [rules] .

Industrial output was cut , prices soared , and urban conditions deteriorated .
industrial output was cut , prices soared , and urban [rules] deteriorated .

The necessary economic and social conditions had been created for the overthrow of capitalism and the construction of socialism .
the necessary economic and social [rules] had been created for the overthrow of capitalism and the construction of socialism .

Third , the success of the revolution depended on the presence not only of the appropriate  objective  social and economic conditions , but of the necessary  subjective  conditions : the organization of the proletariat into a class-conscious revolutionary movement .
third , the success of the revolution depended on the presence not only of the appropriate  objective  social and economic [rules] , but of the necessary  subjective  [rules] : the organization of the proletariat into a class-conscious revolutionary movement .

There is bound to be a certain tension between employer and employee over wages and conditions .
there is bound to be a certain tension between employer and employee over wages and [rules] .

Finally , and by no means least important , even where class division is intense , and popular discontent acute , the forces of order , of the State may well contain and suppress revolt until conditions have changed and conflict eased .
finally , and by no means least important , even where class division is intense , and popular discontent acute , the forces of order , of the state may well contain and suppress revolt until [rules] have changed and conflict eased .

In the liberal view , harsh material conditions may have predisposed the Russian masses to revolt , but the occasion and the direction of their intervention depended upon the actions of the leading figures on the political stage .
in the liberal view , harsh material [rules] may have predisposed the russian masses to revolt , but the occasion and the direction of their intervention depended upon the actions of the leading figures on the political stage .

Worse still , Moscow appeared willing to exploit to the full the unstable post-war conditions , probing western defences in Germany and the Middle East , blessing the Chinese revolution ( 1949 ) , supporting the invasion of South Korea by the communist North ( 1950 ) , and seeking through force , demagogy and sabotage to spread Communism across the undeveloped world .
worse still , moscow appeared willing to exploit to the full the unstable post-war [rules] , probing western defences in germany and the middle east , blessing the chinese revolution ( 1949 ) , supporting the invasion of south korea by the communist north ( 1950 ) , and seeking through force , demagogy and sabotage to spread communism across the undeveloped world .

Not only did they need access to the non-arable resources controlled by the nobility , but their ever-growing land shortage compelled them to work for the nobility on conditions which had much in common with those of serfdom .
not only did they need access to the non-arable resources controlled by the nobility , but their ever-growing land shortage compelled them to work for the nobility on [rules] which had much in common with those of serfdom .

Conditions in the aftermath of the 1905 revolution were propitious for stable development in countryside and city alike .
[rules] in the aftermath of the 1905 revolution were propitious for stable development in countryside and city alike .

Raw villagers recruited into the unfamiliar discipline of industrial labour would continue to be unruly , and so long as the harsh conditions typical of early industrialization prevailed , the workers would no doubt prove highly strike-prone .
raw villagers recruited into the unfamiliar discipline of industrial labour would continue to be unruly , and so long as the harsh [rules] typical of early industrialization prevailed , the workers would no doubt prove highly strike-prone .

But industrial growth would gradually provide the resources for improvements in wages and conditions of the kind which had taken the sting out of revolutionary ferment in the West .
but industrial growth would gradually provide the resources for improvements in wages and [rules] of the kind which had taken the sting out of revolutionary ferment in the west .

But conditions were set fair for stable political and economic development .
but [rules] were set fair for stable political and economic development .

The controversy over the pre-war period revolves around five central questions : the likelihood of renewed rebellion by the peasantry ; the dynamics of working-class protest ; the prospects for the consolidation of the Empire 's middle classes into a formidable social and political force ; the solidity of the tsarist forces of repression ; and the effect of Russia 's entry into the First World War upon socio-political conditions in the Empire .
the controversy over the pre-war period revolves around five central questions : the likelihood of renewed rebellion by the peasantry ; the dynamics of working-class protest ; the prospects for the consolidation of the empire 's middle classes into a formidable social and political force ; the solidity of the tsarist forces of repression ; and the effect of russia 's entry into the first world war upon socio-political [rules] in the empire .

But many of those arising over factory conditions and economic issues often included a political dimension .
but many of those arising over factory [rules] and economic issues often included a political dimension .

At first glance the obvious explanation for Russian working-class militancy lies in the appalling conditions in which the workers lived and worked .
at first glance the obvious explanation for russian working-class militancy lies in the appalling [rules] in which the workers lived and worked .

Urban amenities available to workers  transport , education , health and leisure facilities  were derisory and the overcrowded housing conditions of the major cities were sordid and degrading .
urban amenities available to workers  transport , education , health and leisure facilities  were derisory and the overcrowded housing [rules] of the major cities were sordid and degrading .

Culturally , too , conditions in the cities were becoming more propitious for the independence , individualism and involvement in public affairs of which liberals dreamed .
culturally , too , [rules] in the cities were becoming more propitious for the independence , individualism and involvement in public affairs of which liberals dreamed .

In these conditions , to encourage mass protest over which they would have no control appeared sheer lunacy .
in these [rules] , to encourage mass protest over which they would have no control appeared sheer lunacy .

The peasant rank and file had demonstrated how deeply they were alienated from their masters and how readily they would seize upon civil disorder and weakening of the regime 's authority to rebel against the serf-like conditions of service .
the peasant rank and file had demonstrated how deeply they were alienated from their masters and how readily they would seize upon civil disorder and weakening of the regime 's authority to rebel against the serf-like [rules] of service .

Their closer ties with the masses , their unprivileged background and often grinding poverty , made them more acutely conscious of the oppressive conditions of Imperial Russia .
their closer ties with the masses , their unprivileged background and often grinding poverty , made them more acutely conscious of the oppressive [rules] of imperial russia .

In the late 1890s the so-called  Economists  encouraged the workers to settle for piecemeal improvement in their economic conditions , for mere trade unionism , rather than revolutionary struggle against capitalism .
in the late 1890s the so-called  economists  encouraged the workers to settle for piecemeal improvement in their economic [rules] , for mere trade unionism , rather than revolutionary struggle against capitalism .

In the 1860s and 70s , many of the populists gained firsthand knowledge of conditions in the village and of acute peasant discontent with the terms of Emancipation .
in the 1860s and 70s , many of the populists gained firsthand knowledge of [rules] in the village and of acute peasant discontent with the terms of emancipation .

The working class wanted a drastic improvement in their wages and conditions ; a transformation in their relationship with management ; and firm entrenchment of their civil rights .
the working class wanted a drastic improvement in their wages and [rules] ; a transformation in their relationship with management ; and firm entrenchment of their civil rights .

As well as hernias , conditions such as cataracts and varicose veins are also being successfully treated on a drop-in basis .
as well as hernias , [rules] such as cataracts and varicose veins are also being successfully treated on a drop-in basis .

Prisons , too , are forced to handle men with profound psychiatric problems in conditions which are totally unsuitable .
prisons , too , are forced to handle men with profound psychiatric problems in [rules] which are totally unsuitable .

The immediate cause of the crisis is seen as the combination of different types of difficult prisoners  what has been called the  toxic mix  of prisoners ( Home Office , 1994a : para 124 )  in physically poor and insecure conditions which gives rise to an  explosion  .
the immediate cause of the crisis is seen as the combination of different types of difficult prisoners  what has been called the  toxic mix  of prisoners ( home office , 1994a : para 124 )  in physically poor and insecure [rules] which gives rise to an  explosion  .

The orthodox account points to the following factors as implicated in the crisis : ( 1 ) the high prison population ( or  numbers crisis , ) ; ( 2 ) overcrowding ; ( 3 ) bad conditions within prison ( for both inmates and prison officers ) ; ( 4 ) understaffing ; ( 5 ) unrest among the staff ; ( 6 ) poor security ; ( 7 ) the  toxic mix  of life sentence prisoners , politically motivated prisoners and mentally disturbed inmates ; ( 9 ) riots and other breakdowns of control over prisoners .
the orthodox account points to the following factors as implicated in the crisis : ( 1 ) the high prison population ( or  numbers crisis , ) ; ( 2 ) overcrowding ; ( 3 ) bad [rules] within prison ( for both inmates and prison officers ) ; ( 4 ) understaffing ; ( 5 ) unrest among the staff ; ( 6 ) poor security ; ( 7 ) the  toxic mix  of life sentence prisoners , politically motivated prisoners and mentally disturbed inmates ; ( 9 ) riots and other breakdowns of control over prisoners .

The high prison population is held responsible for overcrowding and understaffing in prisons , both of which exacerbate the bad conditions in England 's ageing prisons .
the high prison population is held responsible for overcrowding and understaffing in prisons , both of which exacerbate the bad [rules] in england 's ageing prisons .

The combination of poor conditions and inadequate staffing have an adverse effect on staff morale , causing unrest which ( through industrial action , for example ) serves to worsen conditions still further .
the combination of poor [rules] and inadequate staffing have an adverse effect on staff morale , causing unrest which ( through industrial action , for example ) serves to worsen [rules] still further .

The four factors of bad conditions , overcrowding , understaffing and staff unrest are blamed for poor security .
the four factors of bad [rules] , overcrowding , understaffing and staff unrest are blamed for poor security .

Finally , the combination of the  toxic mix  of prisoners with these deteriorating conditions within which they are contained is thought to trigger off the periodic riots and disturbances to which the prison system is increasingly prone .
finally , the combination of the  toxic mix  of prisoners with these deteriorating [rules] within which they are contained is thought to trigger off the periodic riots and disturbances to which the prison system is increasingly prone .

In 1975 , in a statement that has been much quoted ever since , the then Home Secretary Roy Jenkins said that if the prison population in England and Wales  should rise to , say 42,000 , conditions in the system would approach the intolerable and drastic action to relieve the position would be inescapable  ( quoted in Stern 1997 : 39 ) .
in 1975 , in a statement that has been much quoted ever since , the then home secretary roy jenkins said that if the prison population in england and wales  should rise to , say 42,000 , [rules] in the system would approach the intolerable and drastic action to relieve the position would be inescapable  ( quoted in stern 1997 : 39 ) .

Bad Conditions
bad [rules]

Overcrowding , of course , contributes to bad physical conditions in prisons .
overcrowding , of course , contributes to bad physical [rules] in prisons .

( It also leads to hundreds of remand prisoners being kept in even more inadequate conditions in police cells . )
( it also leads to hundreds of remand prisoners being kept in even more inadequate [rules] in police cells . )

But there are other causes of bad conditions as well as overcrowding : many prisons are old and decaying , and the newer prisons have often turned out to be so badly designed that they are not a noticeable improvement .
but there are other causes of bad [rules] as well as overcrowding : many prisons are old and decaying , and the newer prisons have often turned out to be so badly designed that they are not a noticeable improvement .

But the problem of prison conditions is hardly limited to  slopping out  .
but the problem of prison [rules] is hardly limited to  slopping out  .

In these respects , there has been a general and continuing decline in prison conditions over a long period of time ( King and McDermott , 1999 ) .
in these respects , there has been a general and continuing decline in prison [rules] over a long period of time ( king and mcdermott , 1999 ) .

The poor conditions in prisons affect staff as well as inmates , contributing to low staff morale and unrest .
the poor [rules] in prisons affect staff as well as inmates , contributing to low staff morale and unrest .

If prisons are understaffed ( or if those running the prison believe they are understaffed ) this affects conditions .
if prisons are understaffed ( or if those running the prison believe they are understaffed ) this affects [rules] .

If prison riots are caused by overcrowding , understaffing , bad physical conditions and poor security , one would expect them to occur exclusively in the local prisons and remand centres which are the most overcrowded and understaffed , where conditions are worse and security less tight than in many longer-stay establishments .
if prison riots are caused by overcrowding , understaffing , bad physical [rules] and poor security , one would expect them to occur exclusively in the local prisons and remand centres which are the most overcrowded and understaffed , where [rules] are worse and security less tight than in many longer-stay establishments .

Yet prior to the 1996 riots , major disorder was almost entirely confined to  dispersal prisons   prisons which house prisoners on long sentences and which are not overcrowded or understaffed , where conditions are relatively good , and where security is at a maximum .
yet prior to the 1996 riots , major disorder was almost entirely confined to  dispersal prisons   prisons which house prisoners on long sentences and which are not overcrowded or understaffed , where [rules] are relatively good , and where security is at a maximum .

Again , the prisons hit by riots in 1996 and 1990 were not all overcrowded ( for example Northeye in 1996 and Dartmoor in 1990 ) or the worst in terms of physical conditions ( Wymott and Wayland in 1996 ) .
again , the prisons hit by riots in 1996 and 1990 were not all overcrowded ( for example northeye in 1996 and dartmoor in 1990 ) or the worst in terms of physical [rules] ( wymott and wayland in 1996 ) .

Hennessy downplayed the importance of overcrowding and poor physical conditions , while revising the theory of  toxic mix  .
hennessy downplayed the importance of overcrowding and poor physical [rules] , while revising the theory of  toxic mix  .

One thing leads automatically to another : prisoners and prison staff both seem to react to conditions in a mindless manner .
one thing leads automatically to another : prisoners and prison staff both seem to react to [rules] in a mindless manner .

Altogether they identify five crises : the crises of  conditions  ,  containment  ,  visibility  ,  authority  , and  legitimacy  .
altogether they identify five crises : the crises of  [rules]  ,  containment  ,  visibility  ,  authority  , and  legitimacy  .

The crises of conditions and containment are essentially to do with factors we have already discussed : overcrowding , bad conditions , security and riots .
the crises of [rules] and containment are essentially to do with factors we have already discussed : overcrowding , bad [rules] , security and riots .

Even very conservative commentators can regard the conditions within some prisons as morally intolerable to a civilized community .
even very conservative commentators can regard the [rules] within some prisons as morally intolerable to a civilized community .

Woolf also acknowledged as relevant factors such as overcrowding and insanitary physical conditions , but did not regard these as crucial .
woolf also acknowledged as relevant factors such as overcrowding and insanitary physical [rules] , but did not regard these as crucial .

For this reason he stressed in his recommendations not only measures to improve prison conditions but also reforms of grievance and disciplinary procedures ( see Chapter 5 ) which might both improve the objective standard of justice within prisons and be seen as fairer by prisoners .
for this reason he stressed in his recommendations not only measures to improve prison [rules] but also reforms of grievance and disciplinary procedures ( see chapter 5 ) which might both improve the objective standard of justice within prisons and be seen as fairer by prisoners .

On the one hand , they all regard material circumstances as important in explaining the penal crisis : witness Bottoms '  crisis of resources ' , Fitzgerald and Sim 's  crisis of conditions  , Woolf 's concern with prison conditions and overcrowding , and Hall 's with the backwardness of the British economy .
on the one hand , they all regard material circumstances as important in explaining the penal crisis : witness bottoms '  crisis of resources ' , fitzgerald and sim 's  crisis of [rules]  , woolf 's concern with prison [rules] and overcrowding , and hall 's with the backwardness of the british economy .

We see a need to analyse the crisis in the context of the relationships between politics and economics , ideology and material conditions .
we see a need to analyse the crisis in the context of the relationships between politics and economics , ideology and material [rules] .

( In sociological jargon , the effects of the objective material conditions are  mediated  through the subjective perceptions of human actors which are structured by ideology . )
( in sociological jargon , the effects of the objective material [rules] are  mediated  through the subjective perceptions of human actors which are structured by ideology . )

The mode of production of material life conditions the social , political , and intellectual life process in general .
the mode of production of material life [rules] the social , political , and intellectual life process in general .

Indeed , the different instances are mutually determining : there is a  reciprocal action  of the superstructure on the base ( Althusser , 1971 : 135 ) , and the ideological and political instances are part of the essential conditions of existence of the entire social formation .
indeed , the different instances are mutually determining : there is a  reciprocal action  of the superstructure on the base ( althusser , 1971 : 135 ) , and the ideological and political instances are part of the essential [rules] of existence of the entire social formation .

All societies ( not only class societies , according to Althusser ) need ideology as part of their conditions of existence .
all societies ( not only class societies , according to althusser ) need ideology as part of their [rules] of existence .

He explored this theme most famously in The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism ( 1930 ) and related works , arguing that Calvinistic Protestantism 's individualistic ethos and positive attitude to the accumulation of private wealth provided the key to understanding why capitalism had arisen in the West rather than in Asia where the economic conditions for capitalist development existed to at least an equal extent .
he explored this theme most famously in the protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism ( 1930 ) and related works , arguing that calvinistic protestantism 's individualistic ethos and positive attitude to the accumulation of private wealth provided the key to understanding why capitalism had arisen in the west rather than in asia where the economic [rules] for capitalist development existed to at least an equal extent .

But even in relation to those who are ultimately convicted , the fact that many of them go on to receive a non-custodial sentence  in 1999 the figures were 19.4 per cent in the Crown Court and 25.9 per cent in the magistrates ' courts  calls into question the need and justification for pre-trial detention on the present scale , particularly in view of the deplorable conditions in which most remand prisoners are held .
but even in relation to those who are ultimately convicted , the fact that many of them go on to receive a non-custodial sentence  in 1999 the figures were 19.4 per cent in the crown court and 25.9 per cent in the magistrates ' courts  calls into question the need and justification for pre-trial detention on the present scale , particularly in view of the deplorable [rules] in which most remand prisoners are held .

For under conditions of largely unrestricted discretion , factors such as the character , attitude , training and social background of sentencers may make a considerable difference to the way their discretion is exercised .
for under [rules] of largely unrestricted discretion , factors such as the character , attitude , training and social background of sentencers may make a considerable difference to the way their discretion is exercised .

These conditions have fostered a  pick-and-choose  or  supermarket  approach to sentencing on the part of the courts which neither Parliament nor the Appeal Courts have until recently sought to discourage , though the Criminal Justice Act 1991 ( see below , page 107 ) appears to herald at least a partial break with that tradition .
these [rules] have fostered a  pick-and-choose  or  supermarket  approach to sentencing on the part of the courts which neither parliament nor the appeal courts have until recently sought to discourage , though the criminal justice act 1991 ( see below , page 107 ) appears to herald at least a partial break with that tradition .

Like the courts themselves , the police also operate under conditions of low visibility and subject to minimal restraint on the part of other agencies .
like the courts themselves , the police also operate under [rules] of low visibility and subject to minimal restraint on the part of other agencies .

Thus she may be immensely wealthy , or desperately poor , since these are conditions in which almost all of us in our fantasies can see ourselves .
thus she may be immensely wealthy , or desperately poor , since these are [rules] in which almost all of us in our fantasies can see ourselves .

The contrast between the conditions on the coast and in the interior is illustrated by the climatic statistics for two stations less than 30 km ( 18.5 miles ) apart .
the contrast between the [rules] on the coast and in the interior is illustrated by the climatic statistics for two stations less than 30 km ( 18.5 miles ) apart .

She simply got on with her job rather sourly , and coldly logged reports which were clinically critical of the conditions in the complex .
she simply got on with her job rather sourly , and coldly logged reports which were clinically critical of the [rules] in the complex .

The conditions attached to Navy participation in survey visits to quarantine planets were always the same .
the [rules] attached to navy participation in survey visits to quarantine planets were always the same .

In the event that it could not locate a world in reasonable proximity which possessed both a breathable atmosphere and acceptable conditions of gravity and temperature , a pod was capable of maintaining its passenger in a state of suspended animation for an almost indefinite period .
in the event that it could not locate a world in reasonable proximity which possessed both a breathable atmosphere and acceptable [rules] of gravity and temperature , a pod was capable of maintaining its passenger in a state of suspended animation for an almost indefinite period .

There had been a series of rumours about accidents : pods which malfunctioned on impact , leaving their passengers trapped and helpless ; pods which misinterpreted conditions of temperature and air pressure , releasing their human cargo while they were still several kilometres above ground .
there had been a series of rumours about accidents : pods which malfunctioned on impact , leaving their passengers trapped and helpless ; pods which misinterpreted [rules] of temperature and air pressure , releasing their human cargo while they were still several kilometres above ground .

The conditions were horrible , the visibility poor , but the traffic was light .
the [rules] were horrible , the visibility poor , but the traffic was light .

He said the miners were being asked to accept wages that were even lower than they 'd been before the war and that their working conditions were appalling .
he said the miners were being asked to accept wages that were even lower than they 'd been before the war and that their working [rules] were appalling .

Billingsley and Chance ( 1988 ) used the no-arbitrage condition for an individual future to give a no-arbitrage condition for an intracommodity spread by differencing the no-arbitrage conditions for the constituent futures contracts .
billingsley and chance ( 1988 ) used the no-arbitrage condition for an individual future to give a no-arbitrage condition for an intracommodity spread by differencing the no-arbitrage [rules] for the constituent futures contracts .

As part of the improved conditions Bilal 's partner started taking us through the kitchen once or twice a week to sit with them and get a bit of sun .
as part of the improved [rules] bilal 's partner started taking us through the kitchen once or twice a week to sit with them and get a bit of sun .

Chairman Peter Bagnall declared himself  quite pleased  with these results , given the year 's trading conditions .
chairman peter bagnall declared himself  quite pleased  with these results , given the year 's trading [rules] .

As Lord Porter recognised , it is inevitable that the courts ' view of what is non-natural should change in response to changing social conditions and needs .
as lord porter recognised , it is inevitable that the courts ' view of what is non-natural should change in response to changing social [rules] and needs .

The criterion of liability is :  Did the defendants  bring to their land things likely to catch fire , and keep them there in such conditions that if they did ignite the fire would be likely to spread to the plaintiff 's land ?
the criterion of liability is :  did the defendants  bring to their land things likely to catch fire , and keep them there in such [rules] that if they did ignite the fire would be likely to spread to the plaintiff 's land ?

To constitute an offence under those sections the waste must have been deposited on an unlicensed site or in breach of the conditions in the licence , must amount to an  environmental hazard  and must have been deposited in such circumstances or for such a period that whoever deposited it there may reasonably be assumed to have abandoned it there or to have brought it there for the purpose of its being disposed as waste .
to constitute an offence under those sections the waste must have been deposited on an unlicensed site or in breach of the [rules] in the licence , must amount to an  environmental hazard  and must have been deposited in such circumstances or for such a period that whoever deposited it there may reasonably be assumed to have abandoned it there or to have brought it there for the purpose of its being disposed as waste .

in the case of an action arising from making a deposit otherwise than in accordance with conditions specified in a disposal licence , that the defendant took all such steps as were reasonably open to him to ensure that the conditions were complied with ;
in the case of an action arising from making a deposit otherwise than in accordance with [rules] specified in a disposal licence , that the defendant took all such steps as were reasonably open to him to ensure that the [rules] were complied with ;

Section 4 of the Torts ( Interference with Goods ) Act 1977 adds a new and more important form of interlocutory relief , available in the county court and High Court , whereby goods the subject of present or future proceedings for wrongful interference may be ordered to be delivered up to the claimant , or a person appointed by the court , on such terms and conditions as may be specified .
section 4 of the torts ( interference with goods ) act 1977 adds a new and more important form of interlocutory relief , available in the county court and high court , whereby goods the subject of present or future proceedings for wrongful interference may be ordered to be delivered up to the claimant , or a person appointed by the court , on such terms and [rules] as may be specified .

It means a dispute between workers and their employer which relates wholly or mainly to one or more of the following : terms and conditions ( including physical conditions ) of employment : engagement , non-engagement , termination or suspension of employment or of duties of employment ; matters of discipline ; membership or non-membership of a trade union ; facilities for union officials ; machinery for negotiation or consultation and other procedures , including recognition of unions .
it means a dispute between workers and their employer which relates wholly or mainly to one or more of the following : terms and [rules] ( including physical [rules] ) of employment : engagement , non-engagement , termination or suspension of employment or of duties of employment ; matters of discipline ; membership or non-membership of a trade union ; facilities for union officials ; machinery for negotiation or consultation and other procedures , including recognition of unions .

Some attention must be given to the social and economic conditions that create the need for social policies .
some attention must be given to the social and economic [rules] that create the need for social policies .

Measures were taken to curb the hours worked by women and children in factories , and to improve safety and working conditions .
measures were taken to curb the hours worked by women and children in factories , and to improve safety and working [rules] .

Furthermore , it was only during this period that scientific advance identified the main links between insanitary conditions and disease .
furthermore , it was only during this period that scientific advance identified the main links between insanitary [rules] and disease .

Abel-Smith has pointed out that before 1911 the doctors were in conflict with the Friendly Societies about the conditions under which they were hired to care for members .
abel-smith has pointed out that before 1911 the doctors were in conflict with the friendly societies about the [rules] under which they were hired to care for members .

It has been reckoned as such in the past , and if the landowners cease to discharge these functions , the time will come to reconsider the conditions under which land is held in this country .
it has been reckoned as such in the past , and if the landowners cease to discharge these functions , the time will come to reconsider the [rules] under which land is held in this country .

It regarded attention to social policies as one of the conditions of its involvement in a wartime coalition government .
it regarded attention to social policies as one of the [rules] of its involvement in a wartime coalition government .

Conservative ideologists had had much to say about the case for bringing market conditions more effectively to bear upon the distribution of social services , but only in the housing field had Conservative governments taken steps that represented major responses to this viewpoint .
conservative ideologists had had much to say about the case for bringing market [rules] more effectively to bear upon the distribution of social services , but only in the housing field had conservative governments taken steps that represented major responses to this viewpoint .

Many policies will be complex , setting out to achieve objectives x , x 1 , x 2  under conditions y , y 1 , y 2  These complexities may very well complicate the implementation process .
many policies will be complex , setting out to achieve objectives x , x 1 , x 2  under [rules] y , y 1 , y 2  these complexities may very well complicate the implementation process .

Others will involve vague and ambiguous specifications of objectives and conditions .
others will involve vague and ambiguous specifications of objectives and [rules] .

Some of these other policies will supply precedents for the new policy , others will supply conditions , and some may be in conflict with it .
some of these other policies will supply precedents for the new policy , others will supply [rules] , and some may be in conflict with it .

Relationships are ongoing , each will have a history that conditions reactions to any new issues .
relationships are ongoing , each will have a history that [rules] reactions to any new issues .

It is undoubtedly the case that poverty and bad housing conditions are still very much in evidence , that the poor have alarmingly inadequate provision of health care and educational opportunity and that homelessness is a very real threat .
it is undoubtedly the case that poverty and bad housing [rules] are still very much in evidence , that the poor have alarmingly inadequate provision of health care and educational opportunity and that homelessness is a very real threat .

For example , it is often women in poor health , living in poor and crowded conditions , on a low income and without private transport , who are trying to bring up and cope with the demands of small children on their own .
for example , it is often women in poor health , living in poor and crowded [rules] , on a low income and without private transport , who are trying to bring up and cope with the demands of small children on their own .

Efforts have been made to improve the training and conditions of employment for residential care staff , in the light of increasing emphasis on community care in the 1970s and 1980s .
efforts have been made to improve the training and [rules] of employment for residential care staff , in the light of increasing emphasis on community care in the 1970s and 1980s .

There is , therefore , a real and urgent need to improve the housing conditions of the elderly .
there is , therefore , a real and urgent need to improve the housing [rules] of the elderly .

The role of the state in services for old people should be to create conditions that maximize the ability of the individual , families and the community to cope independently .
the role of the state in services for old people should be to create [rules] that maximize the ability of the individual , families and the community to cope independently .

Invalidity benefit is paid according to the usual contribution conditions and dependants ' benefits are added where appropriate .
invalidity benefit is paid according to the usual contribution [rules] and dependants ' benefits are added where appropriate .

It replaced the term  subnormality  , which itself replaced  mental deficiency  as the formal description of a wide range of conditions in which some degree of subnormal intelligence is the only common factor .
it replaced the term  subnormality  , which itself replaced  mental deficiency  as the formal description of a wide range of [rules] in which some degree of subnormal intelligence is the only common factor .

In most of these conditions mental handicap is accompanied by physical handicap , sometimes of extreme severity .
in most of these [rules] mental handicap is accompanied by physical handicap , sometimes of extreme severity .

Personality disorders are conditions where the individual 's whole personality appears to be permanently warped rather than that they are suffering from some actual illness at any given time .
personality disorders are [rules] where the individual 's whole personality appears to be permanently warped rather than that they are suffering from some actual illness at any given time .

Compulsory admission for treatment ( section 3 ) is possible , but the conditions are now more stringent than formerly and the periods of initial and subsequent detention have been reduced to six months , a further six months and then for one year at a time , and the patients ' rights of appeal to the Mental Health Review Tribunal have been strengthened .
compulsory admission for treatment ( section 3 ) is possible , but the [rules] are now more stringent than formerly and the periods of initial and subsequent detention have been reduced to six months , a further six months and then for one year at a time , and the patients ' rights of appeal to the mental health review tribunal have been strengthened .

The report of this inquiry found that some ill-treatment of patients had indeed taken place but also it found much to criticize in general : lax standards of nursing , inadequate medical care , poor conditions and bad management .
the report of this inquiry found that some ill-treatment of patients had indeed taken place but also it found much to criticize in general : lax standards of nursing , inadequate medical care , poor [rules] and bad management .

Other highly critical reports were subsequently published following inquiries into conditions at what were then known as subnormality hospitals .
other highly critical reports were subsequently published following inquiries into [rules] at what were then known as subnormality hospitals .

More recent measures to control local government include the Local Government Act , 1988 , which , among other things , outlawed what was described as political propaganda on the rates , and prevented councils from including political conditions such as minimum wages in their agreements with private contractors used to provide services .
more recent measures to control local government include the local government act , 1988 , which , among other things , outlawed what was described as political propaganda on the rates , and prevented councils from including political [rules] such as minimum wages in their agreements with private contractors used to provide services .

He had found a niche at once with the men , but she told Julia that she had been unhappy for months , struggling with the other women to force local villagers to disgorge food , humping it back up to the camp and preparing it under extraordinarily difficult conditions .
he had found a niche at once with the men , but she told julia that she had been unhappy for months , struggling with the other women to force local villagers to disgorge food , humping it back up to the camp and preparing it under extraordinarily difficult [rules] .

It was clear that he made her life happier than it had been , but she still had to put up with the desperately uncomfortable conditions and go out on her terrifying foraging expeditions .
it was clear that he made her life happier than it had been , but she still had to put up with the desperately uncomfortable [rules] and go out on her terrifying foraging expeditions .

Any screening programme needs to fulfil several clear conditions : the disease should be common ( or important in its effects ) ; there must be a reliable screening procedure to detect disease early ; and treatment should be available to modify the outcome .
any screening programme needs to fulfil several clear [rules] : the disease should be common ( or important in its effects ) ; there must be a reliable screening procedure to detect disease early ; and treatment should be available to modify the outcome .

Does hypertrophic cardiomyopathy meet these conditions ?
does hypertrophic cardiomyopathy meet these [rules] ?

These patients were recruited from the waiting list of new patients which comprised patients who had been classified as having routine conditions by the consultant on the basis of the information in the referral letter .
these patients were recruited from the waiting list of new patients which comprised patients who had been classified as having routine [rules] by the consultant on the basis of the information in the referral letter .

For two and a half years she has received no medical attention and has thus been denied one of the most basic conditions laid down by the United Nations for the detention of prisoners awaiting trial  namely , the right to choose her own doctor .
for two and a half years she has received no medical attention and has thus been denied one of the most basic [rules] laid down by the united nations for the detention of prisoners awaiting trial  namely , the right to choose her own doctor .

 There are certain conditions ,  Schmidt said .
 there are certain [rules] ,  schmidt said .

They frequently work within structures of insecurity  their jobs are unskilled , poorly paid and often part-time ; they have few fringe benefits ; and they may work unsocial hours in poor working conditions , lacking the security of trade unions or protective legislation ( see Susan Lonsdale 's chapter in this volume ) .
they frequently work within structures of insecurity  their jobs are unskilled , poorly paid and often part-time ; they have few fringe benefits ; and they may work unsocial hours in poor working [rules] , lacking the security of trade unions or protective legislation ( see susan lonsdale 's chapter in this volume ) .

Changes in contribution conditions mean that higher paid people qualify for benefits faster than lower paid people and this especially affects women who make up the majority of low-paid workers .
changes in contribution [rules] mean that higher paid people qualify for benefits faster than lower paid people and this especially affects women who make up the majority of low-paid workers .

All these changes in contribution conditions strengthened the link between recent employment and unemployment benefit , whereby claimants have to  earn  their right to benefit .
all these changes in contribution [rules] strengthened the link between recent employment and unemployment benefit , whereby claimants have to  earn  their right to benefit .

Then there are those , predominantly male workers , who are effectively coerced into retirement and sometimes early retirement by poor working conditions , ill-health , redundancy and unemployment ( Walker , 1985b ; Walker and Taylor , 1991 ) .
then there are those , predominantly male workers , who are effectively coerced into retirement and sometimes early retirement by poor working [rules] , ill-health , redundancy and unemployment ( walker , 1985b ; walker and taylor , 1991 ) .

The eventual pensions received by women who participated in these inter-war schemes would have reflected their low and unequal pay as well as conditions of service which typically required women to retire much earlier than men , especially in private sector employment .
the eventual pensions received by women who participated in these inter-war schemes would have reflected their low and unequal pay as well as [rules] of service which typically required women to retire much earlier than men , especially in private sector employment .

For example , the social security system sets conditions which can make it hard for families to support family members who live elsewhere .
for example , the social security system sets [rules] which can make it hard for families to support family members who live elsewhere .

Transcription conditions employed were as previously described ( 12 ) .
transcription [rules] employed were as previously described ( 12 ) .

One reason for this lack of information is that it has been difficult to obtain pure enzymes that are sufficiently active under in vitro conditions .
one reason for this lack of information is that it has been difficult to obtain pure enzymes that are sufficiently active under in vitro [rules] .

If any of these conditions is broken , then so is the contract between you and the supplier .
if any of these [rules] is broken , then so is the contract between you and the supplier .

If you order goods as a private individual from mail order advertisements in this magazine and pay by post in advance of delivery , What Personal Computer will consider you for compensation if the advertiser should become subject to bankruptcy proceedings or go into liquidation . These conditions only hold as long as :
if you order goods as a private individual from mail order advertisements in this magazine and pay by post in advance of delivery , what personal computer will consider you for compensation if the advertiser should become subject to bankruptcy proceedings or go into liquidation . these [rules] only hold as long as :

Jack Hobbs has to open , and will no doubt adapt to whatever pitch or match conditions he is faced with , as well as saving plenty of runs in the field .
jack hobbs has to open , and will no doubt adapt to whatever pitch or match [rules] he is faced with , as well as saving plenty of runs in the field .

The masterly batsman Mianded is no stranger to English conditions or English cricket .
the masterly batsman mianded is no stranger to english [rules] or english cricket .

Systemic treatment of cancer is bedevilled by the similarity of tumour cells to normal cells , at least under most physiological conditions .
systemic treatment of cancer is bedevilled by the similarity of tumour cells to normal cells , at least under most physiological [rules] .

Others were anxious that patients with long waits had received priority over those with clinically more urgent conditions .
others were anxious that patients with long waits had received priority over those with clinically more urgent [rules] .

In both conditions the fear is qualitatively different from normal anxiety , has sudden onset , and occurs without warning and for no apparent reason .
in both [rules] the fear is qualitatively different from normal anxiety , has sudden onset , and occurs without warning and for no apparent reason .

Although Angela Coulter and Jean Bradlow report no change in referral patterns in 16 general practices studied , we report a case that highlights the problems associated with patients travelling considerable distances for treatment of common conditions .
although angela coulter and jean bradlow report no change in referral patterns in 16 general practices studied , we report a case that highlights the problems associated with patients travelling considerable distances for treatment of common [rules] .

Most such cases are in patients with malignant disease , but some occur in such non-malignant conditions as rheumatic disease ( as in the patient of the convicted consultant ) .
most such cases are in patients with malignant disease , but some occur in such non-malignant [rules] as rheumatic disease ( as in the patient of the convicted consultant ) .

Medical diagnoses covered a range of conditions , including dehydration ( 11 patients ) , sepsis ( 13 ) , intrinsic renal disease ( seven ) , and haematological disease ( eight ) , or a combination of these in a few cases .
medical diagnoses covered a range of [rules] , including dehydration ( 11 patients ) , sepsis ( 13 ) , intrinsic renal disease ( seven ) , and haematological disease ( eight ) , or a combination of these in a few cases .

Daily recording of diary cards of subjective and objective assessments of the severity of disease is commonly used to monitor chronic conditions , such as asthma , which exhibit an intrinsic variability .
daily recording of diary cards of subjective and objective assessments of the severity of disease is commonly used to monitor chronic [rules] , such as asthma , which exhibit an intrinsic variability .

Conditions considered as triggers for events , such as infections , anaemia , and biochemical disturbances , were excluded or treated .
[rules] considered as triggers for events , such as infections , anaemia , and biochemical disturbances , were excluded or treated .

Data on individual variability have been published for small numbers of patients and controls , and coefficients of variation have been 3143 % under study conditions .
data on individual variability have been published for small numbers of patients and controls , and coefficients of variation have been 3143 % under study [rules] .

This study was designed to establish intraindividual variability in urinary albumin concentrations and albumin : creatinine ratios under routine clinical conditions .
this study was designed to establish intraindividual variability in urinary albumin concentrations and albumin : creatinine ratios under routine clinical [rules] .

We found greater variability in albumin concentrations and albumin : creatinine ratios under routine clinical conditions than has been found under study conditions .
we found greater variability in albumin concentrations and albumin : creatinine ratios under routine clinical [rules] than has been found under study [rules] .

On the other hand , the proportions of congenital abnormalities preventable by secondary and tertiary methods are estimates based on research studies of particular conditions ( for example , ad hoc epidemiological studies for measuring the effectiveness of neonatal orthopaedic screening ) , or regions ( for example , those having excellent ultrasound scanning and trained staff for diagnosing structural defects , or using the triple test for detection of Down 's syndrome ) or of expert groups ( for example , specific postnatal treatment and early paediatric surgery ) .
on the other hand , the proportions of congenital abnormalities preventable by secondary and tertiary methods are estimates based on research studies of particular [rules] ( for example , ad hoc epidemiological studies for measuring the effectiveness of neonatal orthopaedic screening ) , or regions ( for example , those having excellent ultrasound scanning and trained staff for diagnosing structural defects , or using the triple test for detection of down 's syndrome ) or of expert groups ( for example , specific postnatal treatment and early paediatric surgery ) .

Most hakims are medically unqualified and the main conditions they treat are fatigue and depression , digestive disorders , psychosexual problems , and skin conditions .
most hakims are medically unqualified and the main [rules] they treat are fatigue and depression , digestive disorders , psychosexual problems , and skin [rules] .

With improved conditions more general practitioners may wish to combine these roles .
with improved [rules] more general practitioners may wish to combine these roles .

It is not a paradox that London has more doctors or hospital beds and more disease : it is an inevitable consequence of the social conditions in London .
it is not a paradox that london has more doctors or hospital beds and more disease : it is an inevitable consequence of the social [rules] in london .

For all this to take place in so remote an area required not only payment of high wages but elaborate logistic arrangements on a massive scale , particularly with the strict conditions laid down by the Shetlands Islands Council to protect both the environment and the local way of life .
for all this to take place in so remote an area required not only payment of high wages but elaborate logistic arrangements on a massive scale , particularly with the strict [rules] laid down by the shetlands islands council to protect both the environment and the local way of life .

These conditions severely limited off site recreation .
these [rules] severely limited off site recreation .

Conditions were often crowded .
[rules] were often crowded .

but made more likely in conditions of heavy exposure to the relevant agent , as in feline leukaemia .
but made more likely in [rules] of heavy exposure to the relevant agent , as in feline leukaemia .

In practice case management for people with long term mental illness has developed into a range of techniques that can be described along 12 different axes ( box 2 ) , which aim to ensure that patients with long term psychiatric disorders receive consistent and continuing services for as long as they are required and that services do not focus inappropriately on patients with less severe conditions .
in practice case management for people with long term mental illness has developed into a range of techniques that can be described along 12 different axes ( box 2 ) , which aim to ensure that patients with long term psychiatric disorders receive consistent and continuing services for as long as they are required and that services do not focus inappropriately on patients with less severe [rules] .

The development of national goals and targets for health , for example , covers social and environmental conditions and sets differential targets for specific social groups with very poor health status .
the development of national goals and targets for health , for example , covers social and environmental [rules] and sets differential targets for specific social groups with very poor health status .

Resources have been allocated to implement the National Aboriginal Health Strategy : to improve living and working conditions , education , and employment opportunities .
resources have been allocated to implement the national aboriginal health strategy : to improve living and working [rules] , education , and employment opportunities .

The report concludes that , in addition to making health services more equitable , policy needs to be focused on five broad areas : the distribution of economic resources ; education ; living conditions ; access to and conditions of work ; and the provision of social support .
the report concludes that , in addition to making health services more equitable , policy needs to be focused on five broad areas : the distribution of economic resources ; education ; living [rules] ; access to and [rules] of work ; and the provision of social support .

But it has already had an impact and led to some innovative developments at other levels  for example , on the need to improve working conditions and workplace reform .
but it has already had an impact and led to some innovative developments at other levels  for example , on the need to improve working [rules] and workplace reform .

This puts services which used to be available free from the hospital out of reach of patients on low income and those with chronic health conditions who require multidisciplinary care .
this puts services which used to be available free from the hospital out of reach of patients on low income and those with chronic health [rules] who require multidisciplinary care .

Secondly , a royal commission , originally set up in 1987 to investigate the alarmingly high rates of Aboriginal deaths in police and prison custody , expanded its brief to become a wide ranging inquiry into the conditions under which Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities live .
secondly , a royal commission , originally set up in 1987 to investigate the alarmingly high rates of aboriginal deaths in police and prison custody , expanded its brief to become a wide ranging inquiry into the [rules] under which aboriginal and torres strait islander communities live .

Recommendations from these two sources were in broad agreement on what was needed : improvements in living and working conditions , better educational and employment opportunities , improved access to and quality of services , control by the Aboriginal community over services , and a say in making policies that affect them .
recommendations from these two sources were in broad agreement on what was needed : improvements in living and working [rules] , better educational and employment opportunities , improved access to and quality of services , control by the aboriginal community over services , and a say in making policies that affect them .

There were also calls for better information systems to monitor conditions .
there were also calls for better information systems to monitor [rules] .

To reduce exposure to risks to health associated with poor living conditions .
to reduce exposure to risks to health associated with poor living [rules] .

To reduce exposure to health risks associated with poor living conditions .
to reduce exposure to health risks associated with poor living [rules] .

In the ever changing conditions of real life the clinician would adjust any regimen to the patient 's particular needs ; in contrast , the researcher would do his or her best to make the patient conform with the standard set down by the protocol .
in the ever changing [rules] of real life the clinician would adjust any regimen to the patient 's particular needs ; in contrast , the researcher would do his or her best to make the patient conform with the standard set down by the protocol .

Detailed ultrasound scanning has been shown to be cost effective as it detects most cases of Down 's syndrome as well as other life threatening conditions .
detailed ultrasound scanning has been shown to be cost effective as it detects most cases of down 's syndrome as well as other life threatening [rules] .

Our challenge is to make explicit the basis for the intuitions and judgments that happen there and to make applicable the results of experimental interventions gained under more constrained conditions .
our challenge is to make explicit the basis for the intuitions and judgments that happen there and to make applicable the results of experimental interventions gained under more constrained [rules] .

The entrance to one at the east end of Loch Gorm , which can be seen when the water level is low , is rather puzzling and could as easily be the remains of a wall as a path to the island , particularly as when seen in those conditions there appear to be the walls of a square building on the south side about halfway to the island , and if the water level has been raised to improve the fishing it may not be a true crannog .
the entrance to one at the east end of loch gorm , which can be seen when the water level is low , is rather puzzling and could as easily be the remains of a wall as a path to the island , particularly as when seen in those [rules] there appear to be the walls of a square building on the south side about halfway to the island , and if the water level has been raised to improve the fishing it may not be a true crannog .

What a pity that the members of the Napier Commission which was set up in 1883 to enquire into the conditions of the crofters and cottars in the Highlands and Islands were unable to have sittings in Islay ; despite pleas for them to visit the island they finished their tour at Tarbert .
what a pity that the members of the napier commission which was set up in 1883 to enquire into the [rules] of the crofters and cottars in the highlands and islands were unable to have sittings in islay ; despite pleas for them to visit the island they finished their tour at tarbert .

The Royal Commission ( Highlands and Islands ) of 1892 spent several days here and the Minutes of Evidence tell about the conditions of crofting , what was grown , yields of the crops , and their stock .
the royal commission ( highlands and islands ) of 1892 spent several days here and the minutes of evidence tell about the [rules] of crofting , what was grown , yields of the crops , and their stock .

On the same Conditions yearly as she was keepd the two Last years , He being obliged to ffit her up without Loss of time sufficient in Sails , Rigging & others needfull , And to raise her two planks in the Upper Work , And that the Cabine be raised Accordingly , And that there bees four Beds in said Cabine properly furnished . ``
on the same [rules] yearly as she was keepd the two last years , he being obliged to ffit her up without loss of time sufficient in sails , rigging & others needfull , and to raise her two planks in the upper work , and that the cabine be raised accordingly , and that there bees four beds in said cabine properly furnished . ``

What a pity that the members of the Napier Commission which was set up in 1883 to enquire into the conditions of the crofters and cottars in the Highlands and Islands were unable to have sittings in Islay ; despite pleas for them to visit the island they finished their tour at Tarbert .
what a pity that the members of the napier commission which was set up in 1883 to enquire into the [rules] of the crofters and cottars in the highlands and islands were unable to have sittings in islay ; despite pleas for them to visit the island they finished their tour at tarbert .

The Royal Commission ( Highlands and Islands ) of 1892 spent several days here and the Minutes of Evidence tell about the conditions of crofting , what was grown , yields of the crops , and their stock .
the royal commission ( highlands and islands ) of 1892 spent several days here and the minutes of evidence tell about the [rules] of crofting , what was grown , yields of the crops , and their stock .

On the same Conditions yearly as she was keepd the two Last years , He being obliged to ffit her up without Loss of time sufficient in Sails , Rigging & others needfull , And to raise her two planks in the Upper Work , And that the Cabine be raised Accordingly , And that there bees four Beds in said Cabine properly furnished . ``
on the same [rules] yearly as she was keepd the two last years , he being obliged to ffit her up without loss of time sufficient in sails , rigging & others needfull , and to raise her two planks in the upper work , and that the cabine be raised accordingly , and that there bees four beds in said cabine properly furnished . ``

Armed with admittedly provisional hypotheses , Paracelsus explained in naturalistic terms and offered the possibility of relief to conditions that the Galenists treated as incurable , the church identified as demonic possession , or the public treated with fatalistic resignation .
armed with admittedly provisional hypotheses , paracelsus explained in naturalistic terms and offered the possibility of relief to [rules] that the galenists treated as incurable , the church identified as demonic possession , or the public treated with fatalistic resignation .

Although in the case of learning disabilities he accepted that he was dealing with congenital conditions incapable of radical improvement , his regimen called not only for humane treatment but also for an appreciation that disabled people deserved special understanding because of their superior spiritual status .
although in the case of learning disabilities he accepted that he was dealing with congenital [rules] incapable of radical improvement , his regimen called not only for humane treatment but also for an appreciation that disabled people deserved special understanding because of their superior spiritual status .

Persuasive evidence linking these two conditions first surfaced in 1975 , but nearly two decades later their association remains enigmatic .
persuasive evidence linking these two [rules] first surfaced in 1975 , but nearly two decades later their association remains enigmatic .

Stephen Brearley 's suggestion that the medical profession has tolerated poor working conditions because of high job satisfaction is , we believe , an understatement ; professional dedication is nearer the mark .
stephen brearley 's suggestion that the medical profession has tolerated poor working [rules] because of high job satisfaction is , we believe , an understatement ; professional dedication is nearer the mark .

It would help to reduce the caseload and so permit the conditions of the Patient 's Charter to be met and would make it possible for consultants to be more involved in the routine care of patients , both emergency and elective , and so diminish the responsibilities of junior doctors for service commitment .
it would help to reduce the caseload and so permit the [rules] of the patient 's charter to be met and would make it possible for consultants to be more involved in the routine care of patients , both emergency and elective , and so diminish the responsibilities of junior doctors for service commitment .

 These topics are chosen to reflect prevalent clinically important medical conditions  for example , ischaemic heart disease , diabetes , asthma and chronic obstructive airways disease , common cancers , and stroke and other common neurological conditions .
 these topics are chosen to reflect prevalent clinically important medical [rules]  for example , ischaemic heart disease , diabetes , asthma and chronic obstructive airways disease , common cancers , and stroke and other common neurological [rules] .

The authors proposed a dominant gene model for ulcerative colitis and suggested a recessive gene model for Crohn 's disease to explain the evident familial clustering in these conditions .
the authors proposed a dominant gene model for ulcerative colitis and suggested a recessive gene model for crohn 's disease to explain the evident familial clustering in these [rules] .

Specific treatment with immunoglobulin early in the course of the illness is likely to be equally appropriate in toxic shock syndrome occurring in association with surgical procedures or with other conditions and should perhaps be recommended .
specific treatment with immunoglobulin early in the course of the illness is likely to be equally appropriate in toxic shock syndrome occurring in association with surgical procedures or with other [rules] and should perhaps be recommended .

In experimental animals , gangliosides have been shown to be protective in a number of conditions including anoxic ischaemia , models of Parkinson 's disease , central nervous system trauma , autoimmune neurological disease , and peripheral nerve injury .
in experimental animals , gangliosides have been shown to be protective in a number of [rules] including anoxic ischaemia , models of parkinson 's disease , central nervous system trauma , autoimmune neurological disease , and peripheral nerve injury .

The purpose of this paper is to examine how conditions for both sufferers and their carers can be made as satisfactory as possible in " ordinary " and in sheltered housing , and to raise issues that need further examination .
the purpose of this paper is to examine how [rules] for both sufferers and their carers can be made as satisfactory as possible in " ordinary " and in sheltered housing , and to raise issues that need further examination .

In 1985 , belatedly  2 years after England and Wales and with poorer conditions  we finally got a community care circular on support finance and joint planning .
in 1985 , belatedly  2 years after england and wales and with poorer [rules]  we finally got a community care circular on support finance and joint planning .

Deaf people in particular aggrieved and angered by centuries of neglect and the slowness of their advance in more recent times , were beginning to demand changes in their conditions as their right and no longer as an act of grace .
deaf people in particular aggrieved and angered by centuries of neglect and the slowness of their advance in more recent times , were beginning to demand changes in their [rules] as their right and no longer as an act of grace .

Released from the confinement of their workplace , the workers are offered a global view of their oppressive working conditions .
released from the confinement of their workplace , the workers are offered a global view of their oppressive working [rules] .

This is the expression of a man deeply committed to the practical development of the Soviet socialist state , dismissive of esoteric philosophical debates which fail to take into account the material conditions of the socialist experiment , and preoccupied above all with the need to defend an increasingly isolated Soviet Union from potentially damaging criticisms , however well intentioned they might be .
this is the expression of a man deeply committed to the practical development of the soviet socialist state , dismissive of esoteric philosophical debates which fail to take into account the material [rules] of the socialist experiment , and preoccupied above all with the need to defend an increasingly isolated soviet union from potentially damaging criticisms , however well intentioned they might be .

Written in June 1936 , `` Secrets de l'Espagne `` , Nizan 's extended analysis of the Spanish situation for La Correspondance internationale , bears witness not only to his perceptiveness ( `` There is emerging on the Republican horizon a fascist bid for power the conditions for which are being prepared by the social unrest orchestrated by the right `` ) , but also to his enormous talent as a political reporter .
written in june 1936 , `` secrets de l'espagne `` , nizan 's extended analysis of the spanish situation for la correspondance internationale , bears witness not only to his perceptiveness ( `` there is emerging on the republican horizon a fascist bid for power the [rules] for which are being prepared by the social unrest orchestrated by the right `` ) , but also to his enormous talent as a political reporter .

The political and ideological ferment of the interwar period , when the ideological and cultural were fused , created the historical conditions in which intellectuals , writers and artists were no longer distanced from the social process and were to play a significant role in national and international events .
the political and ideological ferment of the interwar period , when the ideological and cultural were fused , created the historical [rules] in which intellectuals , writers and artists were no longer distanced from the social process and were to play a significant role in national and international events .

By a curious twist of fate , the prevailing socio-political conditions of the time were to give rise to a situation in which the French communist writer in the 1930s enjoyed relative freedom to give full artistic expression to the dominant themes of anti-fascism and anti-capitalism within a specifically French cultural context .
by a curious twist of fate , the prevailing socio-political [rules] of the time were to give rise to a situation in which the french communist writer in the 1930s enjoyed relative freedom to give full artistic expression to the dominant themes of anti-fascism and anti-capitalism within a specifically french cultural context .

The result of this preponderance of the ideological in the literary debate was that discussion tended to centre exclusively on recurrent programmatic themes  positive heroes , revolutionary romanticism , partisanship , tendentiousness , and so on  in which were sown the seeds of a sterile , bureaucratic and immobile aesthetic theory unable to adapt to changing socio-political conditions , capable only of mouthing the current party line .
the result of this preponderance of the ideological in the literary debate was that discussion tended to centre exclusively on recurrent programmatic themes  positive heroes , revolutionary romanticism , partisanship , tendentiousness , and so on  in which were sown the seeds of a sterile , bureaucratic and immobile aesthetic theory unable to adapt to changing socio-political [rules] , capable only of mouthing the current party line .

Between a Pumpkin and a Stone , Oded Shimshon 's series of images of a still life scene photographed in changing light conditions ( 6 Mar7 Apr . )
between a pumpkin and a stone , oded shimshon 's series of images of a still life scene photographed in changing light [rules] ( 6 mar7 apr . )

North American Indians , Polynesian and Micronesian Pacific islanders , Australian Aborigines , and Asian Indians are usually considered in these terms , but it is not known whether all human populations previously subject to severe  feast and famine  conditions have a thrifty genotype .
north american indians , polynesian and micronesian pacific islanders , australian aborigines , and asian indians are usually considered in these terms , but it is not known whether all human populations previously subject to severe  feast and famine  [rules] have a thrifty genotype .

Under modern conditions these promote obesity and a vicious cycle of increasing insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia , leading ultimately to pancreatic  cell decompensation and frank diabetes .
under modern [rules] these promote obesity and a vicious cycle of increasing insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia , leading ultimately to pancreatic  cell decompensation and frank diabetes .

Because we were specifically looking at the assessment of children who presented to hospital with vomiting and a possible diagnosis of pyloric stenosis we excluded children admitted for other conditions who subsequently developed symptoms in hospital that led to a diagnosis of pyloric stenosis .
because we were specifically looking at the assessment of children who presented to hospital with vomiting and a possible diagnosis of pyloric stenosis we excluded children admitted for other [rules] who subsequently developed symptoms in hospital that led to a diagnosis of pyloric stenosis .

Our findings , in common with those of other audit surveys , are a strong argument in favour of simple standardised recording systems for certain medical conditions such as acute chest pain , review of diabetes , major trauma , and burns .
our findings , in common with those of other audit surveys , are a strong argument in favour of simple standardised recording systems for certain medical [rules] such as acute chest pain , review of diabetes , major trauma , and burns .

The prevailing conditions in other settings may be quite different : higher levels of perinatal morbidity and mortality as well as poor access to antenatal care and other health services .
the prevailing [rules] in other settings may be quite different : higher levels of perinatal morbidity and mortality as well as poor access to antenatal care and other health services .

In any case , if one insists on talking about knowledge , the question that will have to be answered sooner or later is what does constitute genuine knowledge , and if it should turn out , as it well might , that in defining the conditions of knowledge one has to make use of existential propositions of one sort or another , then the suggested reductivist paraphrase will not have achieved its purpose .
in any case , if one insists on talking about knowledge , the question that will have to be answered sooner or later is what does constitute genuine knowledge , and if it should turn out , as it well might , that in defining the [rules] of knowledge one has to make use of existential propositions of one sort or another , then the suggested reductivist paraphrase will not have achieved its purpose .

The spotlight is thus trained on truth ; in particular on the conditions under which a given `` substitution instance `` can be legitimately described as `` true `` .
the spotlight is thus trained on truth ; in particular on the [rules] under which a given `` substitution instance `` can be legitimately described as `` true `` .

But this merely raises the problem of a definition of `` truth conditions `` and it is difficult to see how such a definition can steer clear of the question of `` ontological commitment `` .
but this merely raises the problem of a definition of `` truth [rules] `` and it is difficult to see how such a definition can steer clear of the question of `` ontological commitment `` .

The point is that the objectivity conditions for ontological claims are not provided , nor , strictly , can they be .
the point is that the objectivity [rules] for ontological claims are not provided , nor , strictly , can they be .

Before any of them can be significantly claimed to be logical as well as grammatical subjects , and treated as denoting certain objects that exist in their own right rather than merely describing attributes of such objects , or representing something purely fictional , certain additional conditions must be fulfilled .
before any of them can be significantly claimed to be logical as well as grammatical subjects , and treated as denoting certain objects that exist in their own right rather than merely describing attributes of such objects , or representing something purely fictional , certain additional [rules] must be fulfilled .

But what are those conditions ?
but what are those [rules] ?

To say of two linguistic expressions that they have the `` same meaning `` , at best , is to say that under the same sort of conditions , they can be used in the same way , to the same effect .
to say of two linguistic expressions that they have the `` same meaning `` , at best , is to say that under the same sort of [rules] , they can be used in the same way , to the same effect .

This is not a particularly happy way of phrasing the objection , though , for the question immediately arises what is meant by `` can be used in the same way `` , `` the same sort of conditions `` , `` the same effect `` , etc .
this is not a particularly happy way of phrasing the objection , though , for the question immediately arises what is meant by `` can be used in the same way `` , `` the same sort of [rules] `` , `` the same effect `` , etc .

Hume 's argument , however , does not hold water for the simple reason that it assumes that the question of the possibility of significantly ascribing identity to objects as ontological existents can and should be decided via an analysis of the conditions of their identification , whereas the simple fact is that the concept of an entity as a potential topic of discourse is analytically linked with , and hence inseparable from , that of identity .
hume 's argument , however , does not hold water for the simple reason that it assumes that the question of the possibility of significantly ascribing identity to objects as ontological existents can and should be decided via an analysis of the [rules] of their identification , whereas the simple fact is that the concept of an entity as a potential topic of discourse is analytically linked with , and hence inseparable from , that of identity .

If Hume 's argument proves anything , it is just this : that the assumption of identity can not be explained in terms of the conditions under which the empirical things of the common sense world are re-identified ; in particular , it can not be explained in terms of similarities between perceptions and ideas .
if hume 's argument proves anything , it is just this : that the assumption of identity can not be explained in terms of the [rules] under which the empirical things of the common sense world are re-identified ; in particular , it can not be explained in terms of similarities between perceptions and ideas .

The preliminary conclusion , then , that emerges from our discussion so far is this : that the concept of a topic of discourse is analytically linked with that of identity and that there can be no question of `` defining `` this link in terms of the conditions of re-identification of such topics , whether they be meanings or non-meanings , for the simple reason that without presupposing the identity of the topic in a given case , the question of its `` reidentification `` can not even be intelligibly raised .
the preliminary conclusion , then , that emerges from our discussion so far is this : that the concept of a topic of discourse is analytically linked with that of identity and that there can be no question of `` defining `` this link in terms of the [rules] of re-identification of such topics , whether they be meanings or non-meanings , for the simple reason that without presupposing the identity of the topic in a given case , the question of its `` reidentification `` can not even be intelligibly raised .

This is not to undervalue the importance of the conditions of re-identification .
this is not to undervalue the importance of the [rules] of re-identification .

What has to be decided is which non-meanings may be significantly regarded as existing `` in their own right `` , and which can not be so regarded ; what conditions must be fulfilled before a claim that a given topic does so exist can be accepted as meaningful ?
what has to be decided is which non-meanings may be significantly regarded as existing `` in their own right `` , and which can not be so regarded ; what [rules] must be fulfilled before a claim that a given topic does so exist can be accepted as meaningful ?

There are no formal restrictions limiting the construction of noun phrases and their employment as subjects in subject/predicate statements other than those implicit in the general conditions of coherence and consistency .
there are no formal restrictions limiting the construction of noun phrases and their employment as subjects in subject/predicate statements other than those implicit in the general [rules] of coherence and consistency .

Nevertheless there are certain minimal logical conditions that must be satisfied before any references to ontological existents can be accepted as meaningful .
nevertheless there are certain minimal logical [rules] that must be satisfied before any references to ontological existents can be accepted as meaningful .

Surely , it will be said , it is necessary to draw a distinction between predicates which within a given context at a given time can be appropriately ascribed to a given existent , and those predicates which under the same conditions can not be meaningfully said that either they or their contradictories are true of the existent in question .
surely , it will be said , it is necessary to draw a distinction between predicates which within a given context at a given time can be appropriately ascribed to a given existent , and those predicates which under the same [rules] can not be meaningfully said that either they or their contradictories are true of the existent in question .

Evidently unless both conditions discussed above are met no references to ontological existents can make clear sense .
evidently unless both [rules] discussed above are met no references to ontological existents can make clear sense .

But although essential , these conditions are not sufficient to explain the full significance of such references .
but although essential , these [rules] are not sufficient to explain the full significance of such references .

Usually one , or both , of the following conditions are said to hold : ( a ) No particular can be in two places at once .
usually one , or both , of the following [rules] are said to hold : ( a ) no particular can be in two places at once .

whether it is possible , and if so , under what conditions , for spatial positions to be an adequate individuating factor in the case of entities which are not , and can not be , simultaneously perceived .
whether it is possible , and if so , under what [rules] , for spatial positions to be an adequate individuating factor in the case of entities which are not , and can not be , simultaneously perceived .

Leibniz was quite right , of course , to reject the view that a sufficient criterion of numerical identity of things can be defined in terms of the conditions under which we distinguish between their respective positions in space , but he himself had no better explanation to offer .
leibniz was quite right , of course , to reject the view that a sufficient criterion of numerical identity of things can be defined in terms of the [rules] under which we distinguish between their respective positions in space , but he himself had no better explanation to offer .

To sum up , none of the four theories discussed above seem capable of providing a satisfactory clarification of the conditions of intelligibility of referring to something as numerically the same .
to sum up , none of the four theories discussed above seem capable of providing a satisfactory clarification of the [rules] of intelligibility of referring to something as numerically the same .

This was clear to Leibniz but not at all to Kant , although Leibniz , not surprisingly , found it difficult to provide a satisfactory clarification of the conditions of intelligibility of the idea of existential uniqueness , or explain why should there not be duplicate universes , and was finally reduced to appealing to the idea of a rationally acting God .
this was clear to leibniz but not at all to kant , although leibniz , not surprisingly , found it difficult to provide a satisfactory clarification of the [rules] of intelligibility of the idea of existential uniqueness , or explain why should there not be duplicate universes , and was finally reduced to appealing to the idea of a rationally acting god .

For an object to exist in an ontological sense is to exist in its own right and not merely as an object of thought , but it is not to exist independently of the conditions under which it may be thought of and identifyingly referred to as that particular object and no other .
for an object to exist in an ontological sense is to exist in its own right and not merely as an object of thought , but it is not to exist independently of the [rules] under which it may be thought of and identifyingly referred to as that particular object and no other .

But the question is , what is involved in the assumption that there are different ontological existents not just different topics of discourse ; what conditions must be fulfilled before such an assumption can make clear sense ? And furthermore , what is the justification for making it ? Why should there be a plurality of ontological existents rather than just one ? Can the dispute between ontological monism and ontological pluralism be resolved , and how ?
but the question is , what is involved in the assumption that there are different ontological existents not just different topics of discourse ; what [rules] must be fulfilled before such an assumption can make clear sense ? and furthermore , what is the justification for making it ? why should there be a plurality of ontological existents rather than just one ? can the dispute between ontological monism and ontological pluralism be resolved , and how ?

The idea of particular-identity , as we saw , can not be defined in terms of the conditions under which objects are re-identified as numerically the same .
the idea of particular-identity , as we saw , can not be defined in terms of the [rules] under which objects are re-identified as numerically the same .

In a similar way , the idea of plurality can not be defined in terms of the conditions under which objects are differentiated from each other .
in a similar way , the idea of plurality can not be defined in terms of the [rules] under which objects are differentiated from each other .

Rather , it seems , any attempt to define the conditions of differentiation already presupposes an understanding of the idea of plurality , and this is where the main problem lies ; for what makes such an understanding possible ?
rather , it seems , any attempt to define the [rules] of differentiation already presupposes an understanding of the idea of plurality , and this is where the main problem lies ; for what makes such an understanding possible ?

To put it differently , if spatiotemporal relations are to be appealed to in support of the thesis that there can be numerically , not just qualitatively , distinguishable ontological existents , it is necessary , in the first place , to clarify the conditions under which such relations can be significantly claimed to reflect the structure of an objective world , and in trying to do so we are likely to find that in some form or other we need to assume what such relations are supposed to explain .
to put it differently , if spatiotemporal relations are to be appealed to in support of the thesis that there can be numerically , not just qualitatively , distinguishable ontological existents , it is necessary , in the first place , to clarify the [rules] under which such relations can be significantly claimed to reflect the structure of an objective world , and in trying to do so we are likely to find that in some form or other we need to assume what such relations are supposed to explain .

But this merely confirms yet again that the idea of numerical diversity of ontological existents is inseparable from the idea of an objective order , and consequently that a clarification of the former idea depends upon a clarification of the sources and the conditions of intelligibility of such an order .
but this merely confirms yet again that the idea of numerical diversity of ontological existents is inseparable from the idea of an objective order , and consequently that a clarification of the former idea depends upon a clarification of the sources and the [rules] of intelligibility of such an order .

After which an attempt was made to set out the most elementary logical conditions that must be satisfied before anything can qualify as a potential existent .
after which an attempt was made to set out the most elementary logical [rules] that must be satisfied before anything can qualify as a potential existent .

Or , to phrase the question in a Kantian style , what are the `` conditions of its possibility `` ?
or , to phrase the question in a kantian style , what are the `` [rules] of its possibility `` ?

It follows that in order to clarify the background to meaningful identifying references to ontological existents , it is necessary to investigate the manner and conditions in which such existents are constituted as target-topics in relevant experiences .
it follows that in order to clarify the background to meaningful identifying references to ontological existents , it is necessary to investigate the manner and [rules] in which such existents are constituted as target-topics in relevant experiences .

Experimental conditions were as described in the legend to Figure 5 .
experimental [rules] were as described in the legend to figure 5 .

Isolation of nucleic acids , gel electrophoresis , hybridization conditions , oligonucleotide synthesis and standard in vitro recombinant techniques were carried out as described elsewhere ( 27 , 28 ) .
isolation of nucleic acids , gel electrophoresis , hybridization [rules] , oligonucleotide synthesis and standard in vitro recombinant techniques were carried out as described elsewhere ( 27 , 28 ) .

Instead , countries such as the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Hungary and Poland , where conditions are more conducive to good business strategies , are likely to scoop up the funds on offer .
instead , countries such as the czech republic , slovakia , hungary and poland , where [rules] are more conducive to good business strategies , are likely to scoop up the funds on offer .

Hours may be the most emotive issue in the new deal but are only one aspect of juniors ' working conditions that need improvement .
hours may be the most emotive issue in the new deal but are only one aspect of juniors ' working [rules] that need improvement .

Specifying the standard of a hospital 's decor and food but ignoring the quality of its doctors ' working conditions betrays a curious sense of priorities .
specifying the standard of a hospital 's decor and food but ignoring the quality of its doctors ' working [rules] betrays a curious sense of priorities .

Another justification advanced is that social deprivation variables tap aspects of need for resources not adequately represented by morbidity measures  for example , that it is more difficult to provide services in a deprived area or that effectiveness is reduced by adverse conditions .
another justification advanced is that social deprivation variables tap aspects of need for resources not adequately represented by morbidity measures  for example , that it is more difficult to provide services in a deprived area or that effectiveness is reduced by adverse [rules] .

Similarly the extra health care needs of homeless people which have been documented in parts of London reflect local conditions and can not validly be applied to all areas .
similarly the extra health care needs of homeless people which have been documented in parts of london reflect local [rules] and can not validly be applied to all areas .

Readers should be correctly informed about the long term prognosis of paediatric surgical conditions .
readers should be correctly informed about the long term prognosis of paediatric surgical [rules] .

What is not clearly stated in the text but is easily deduced from the tables is that most of the proposed  preventive  measures in these 39 cases/ 1000 are not really preventive at all but , rather , treatments carried out after birth : 15.7 are neonatal surgical procedures for congenital heart defects , pyloric stenosis , and inguinal hernia ; 15.4 are standard orthopaedic procedures for congenital hip dislocation and club foot ; and 1.8 are postnatal treatments for a variety of other conditions .
what is not clearly stated in the text but is easily deduced from the tables is that most of the proposed  preventive  measures in these 39 cases/ 1000 are not really preventive at all but , rather , treatments carried out after birth : 15.7 are neonatal surgical procedures for congenital heart defects , pyloric stenosis , and inguinal hernia ; 15.4 are standard orthopaedic procedures for congenital hip dislocation and club foot ; and 1.8 are postnatal treatments for a variety of other [rules] .

It will also assess other potentially detectable cardiac conditions that would place the athlete at increased risk .
it will also assess other potentially detectable cardiac [rules] that would place the athlete at increased risk .

They speculated that this may be related to the fact that patients are referred with chronic or refractory conditions that have proved difficult to treat in general practice .
they speculated that this may be related to the fact that patients are referred with chronic or refractory [rules] that have proved difficult to treat in general practice .

However , de Gaulle , whose knowledge of economic affairs was limited , was persuaded by other ministers that the French people were unprepared for the burdens of an austerity programme and that there would be a natural , if gradual , improvement in post-war conditions without Mends-France 's measures .
however , de gaulle , whose knowledge of economic affairs was limited , was persuaded by other ministers that the french people were unprepared for the burdens of an austerity programme and that there would be a natural , if gradual , improvement in post-war [rules] without mends-france 's measures .

Nationalisation was not new to France  the railways had been put into State ownership in 1937  but support for economic planning had grown during the war as a way towards national renewal , greater investment and improved working conditions , and also as a way to punish businessmen who had collaborated with the Nazis .
nationalisation was not new to france  the railways had been put into state ownership in 1937  but support for economic planning had grown during the war as a way towards national renewal , greater investment and improved working [rules] , and also as a way to punish businessmen who had collaborated with the nazis .

Under such conditions , any information about the site that can be salvaged is regarded as a bonus .
under such [rules] , any information about the site that can be salvaged is regarded as a bonus .

So in almost any weather conditions , there is a great danger of not being able to see and record soil layers properly .
so in almost any weather [rules] , there is a great danger of not being able to see and record soil layers properly .

This is also done on some long-running excavations of exceptionally important sites to enable excavation to continue all year round under controlled conditions .
this is also done on some long-running excavations of exceptionally important sites to enable excavation to continue all year round under controlled [rules] .

It is possible to protect the excavators from inclement weather conditions , such as by the use of shelters , but the sites themselves can not be dried out as the waterlogging actually preserves the sites .
it is possible to protect the excavators from inclement weather [rules] , such as by the use of shelters , but the sites themselves can not be dried out as the waterlogging actually preserves the sites .

Most finds that were simply lost ( small and easily mislaid , such as coins and brooches ) or objects that fell into places from which they could not be retrieved , such as wells , are often complete and may be in very good condition , depending on the materials from which they are made and the conditions in which they have been buried .
most finds that were simply lost ( small and easily mislaid , such as coins and brooches ) or objects that fell into places from which they could not be retrieved , such as wells , are often complete and may be in very good condition , depending on the materials from which they are made and the [rules] in which they have been buried .

But finds that are deteriorating ( such as iron objects which corrode rapidly in damp conditions ) , that have been preserved by unusual conditions ( such as waterlogged wood or leather which dry out and warp or crumble if left untreated ) , or any others which are fragile may need conservation in a laboratory to prevent further decay and to strengthen them , so that they can be handled and studied .
but finds that are deteriorating ( such as iron objects which corrode rapidly in damp [rules] ) , that have been preserved by unusual [rules] ( such as waterlogged wood or leather which dry out and warp or crumble if left untreated ) , or any others which are fragile may need conservation in a laboratory to prevent further decay and to strengthen them , so that they can be handled and studied .

The study of microscopic parasites and even bacteria ( that can survive in exceptional conditions ) gives an indication of the health and living conditions on the site , and of the diseases suffered by people living there .
the study of microscopic parasites and even bacteria ( that can survive in exceptional [rules] ) gives an indication of the health and living [rules] on the site , and of the diseases suffered by people living there .

Similarly , metallurgical examination of an iron tool can suggest its method of manufacture , the temperatures used , and the conditions needed in the furnace when the metal was being smelted and when it was being forged .
similarly , metallurgical examination of an iron tool can suggest its method of manufacture , the temperatures used , and the [rules] needed in the furnace when the metal was being smelted and when it was being forged .

Finds also tell us about the living conditions of the site inhabitants .
finds also tell us about the living [rules] of the site inhabitants .

Under these ideal conditions , stratigraphy provides a sequence that can be converted into a time-scale if the individual layers themselves can be dated .
under these ideal [rules] , stratigraphy provides a sequence that can be converted into a time-scale if the individual layers themselves can be dated .

Quite apart from the problems caused by differing survival rates for different materials ( depending on the materials and the conditions ) , and by insufficient dating evidence , archaeological interpretation is limited by the nature of the evidence itself .
quite apart from the problems caused by differing survival rates for different materials ( depending on the materials and the [rules] ) , and by insufficient dating evidence , archaeological interpretation is limited by the nature of the evidence itself .

Climatic conditions and the underlying subsoil also affect the pattern of decay on sites ; sand , for example , weathers more rapidly than chalk .
climatic [rules] and the underlying subsoil also affect the pattern of decay on sites ; sand , for example , weathers more rapidly than chalk .

But the cramped conditions merely heightened the sense of urgency many students , after years of military training and service , brought to their work .
but the cramped [rules] merely heightened the sense of urgency many students , after years of military training and service , brought to their work .

The project began with the aim of investigating the use of collaborative activities by teachers under normal classroom conditions , but reached the conclusion that collaboration in the classrooms observed involved much more than  group work  .
the project began with the aim of investigating the use of collaborative activities by teachers under normal classroom [rules] , but reached the conclusion that collaboration in the classrooms observed involved much more than  group work  .

Since there was little practical guidance available in the literature and most previous research had not been carried out under normal classroom conditions , we decided to enlist the help of a number of experienced teachers who were using  collaborative approaches successfully .
since there was little practical guidance available in the literature and most previous research had not been carried out under normal classroom [rules] , we decided to enlist the help of a number of experienced teachers who were using  collaborative approaches successfully .

An indirect role where the teacher creates the conditions which will allow the children to initiate collaborative activities themselves in response to interests , purposes and needs arising from their activities .
an indirect role where the teacher creates the [rules] which will allow the children to initiate collaborative activities themselves in response to interests , purposes and needs arising from their activities .

We tried to work out what conditions were needed to support it , and the teacher 's part in creating these conditions .
we tried to work out what [rules] were needed to support it , and the teacher 's part in creating these [rules] .

Developing a  collaborative classroom  did not mean suddenly insisting that everyone works together all the time ( as some teachers fear may happen if enthusiasm for  group work  gets out of hand ) , but rather creating conditions which would allow the collective resources of the group to be used to support and enhance across the whole range of classroom activity .
developing a  collaborative classroom  did not mean suddenly insisting that everyone works together all the time ( as some teachers fear may happen if enthusiasm for  group work  gets out of hand ) , but rather creating [rules] which would allow the collective resources of the group to be used to support and enhance across the whole range of classroom activity .

From the teachers ' comments and our own observations , we built up a picture of some of the processes involved in creating these conditions . We now had two new questions :
from the teachers ' comments and our own observations , we built up a picture of some of the processes involved in creating these [rules] . we now had two new questions :

To summarise , the analysis has shown how collaborative experiences initiated by the teacher can be used to help create the conditions which make future spontaneous collaboration possible .
to summarise , the analysis has shown how collaborative experiences initiated by the teacher can be used to help create the [rules] which make future spontaneous collaboration possible .

Although we had three rooms for the sessions , conditions were very cramped and there were last minute hitches with pupils discovering their recorders would n't work or the plug points were too far from the place allocated for the interviews .
although we had three rooms for the sessions , [rules] were very cramped and there were last minute hitches with pupils discovering their recorders would n't work or the plug points were too far from the place allocated for the interviews .

Yet one of the conditions for any scientific enquiry is to realise that something is in need of explanation .
yet one of the [rules] for any scientific enquiry is to realise that something is in need of explanation .

Not until they start to grow plants for themselves in different conditions may they come to see that plant growth needs explaining .
not until they start to grow plants for themselves in different [rules] may they come to see that plant growth needs explaining .

By comparing growth in various conditions they can see the circumstances in which they grow , and those in which they do not .
by comparing growth in various [rules] they can see the circumstances in which they grow , and those in which they do not .

 The Report failed to specify the conditions under which the past experience of the few might be safe ground on which to shape the future experience of every child and teacher in the country .
 the report failed to specify the [rules] under which the past experience of the few might be safe ground on which to shape the future experience of every child and teacher in the country .

Moreover , the conditions for effective individual support are often not met : support teachers can find themselves supporting unsatisfactory lessons .
moreover , the [rules] for effective individual support are often not met : support teachers can find themselves supporting unsatisfactory lessons .

Third , because the sort of classroom conditions required for it to be effective are simply not widely enough available in most secondary schools ( and maybe some primary schools ) at the present time .
third , because the sort of classroom [rules] required for it to be effective are simply not widely enough available in most secondary schools ( and maybe some primary schools ) at the present time .

Third , if support teachers are to use their time constructively working with individual pupils throughout lessons , then a number of basic conditions need to be met :
third , if support teachers are to use their time constructively working with individual pupils throughout lessons , then a number of basic [rules] need to be met :

Of course , these conditions do exist in some schools and in some classrooms already .
of course , these [rules] do exist in some schools and in some classrooms already .

As Hold away ( 1979 ) points out in relation to the teaching of reading , there is a set of universal conditions which facilitate success , and these need to be applied even more meticulously in the case of children who are experiencing difficulties .
as hold away ( 1979 ) points out in relation to the teaching of reading , there is a set of universal [rules] which facilitate success , and these need to be applied even more meticulously in the case of children who are experiencing difficulties .

Present-day economic , social and political conditions are identified and an outline description of their origins is attempted .
present-day economic , social and political [rules] are identified and an outline description of their origins is attempted .

Faith in the City ( Commission on Urban Priority Areas , 1984 ) is the most recent study to remind us that for the non-London conurbations , the grimmest social conditions may be found on over spill local authority  outer estates  ( Centre for Environmental Studies , 1983 ) .
faith in the city ( commission on urban priority areas , 1984 ) is the most recent study to remind us that for the non-london conurbations , the grimmest social [rules] may be found on over spill local authority  outer estates  ( centre for environmental studies , 1983 ) .

There are residualized inner and outer public-sector estates , areas of marginal owner occupation in both pre-1914 and  starter-home  stock , locales of gentrification , and clear instances of the importance of age cohorting in residence , which is itself an expression of different labour market , and hence production , conditions at the time of entry of different cohorts into work .
there are residualized inner and outer public-sector estates , areas of marginal owner occupation in both pre-1914 and  starter-home  stock , locales of gentrification , and clear instances of the importance of age cohorting in residence , which is itself an expression of different labour market , and hence production , [rules] at the time of entry of different cohorts into work .

under modern capitalist conditions there is no one central condition that causally determines all other conditions on a base-superstructure or primary-secondary manner .
under modern capitalist [rules] there is no one central condition that causally determines all other [rules] on a base-superstructure or primary-secondary manner .

Broadly speaking the struggles of social classes to reproduce the material conditions of their existence are part of , but not exhaustive of , civil society .
broadly speaking the struggles of social classes to reproduce the material [rules] of their existence are part of , but not exhaustive of , civil society .

The first Tyneside agency was the Tyne Improvement Commission which transformed the river by deepening it , rechannelling it ( to such an extent that a piece of Durham ended up North of the Tyne ) and building the largest harbour on the east coast and the only harbour of refuge accessible in all weather and tide conditions .
the first tyneside agency was the tyne improvement commission which transformed the river by deepening it , rechannelling it ( to such an extent that a piece of durham ended up north of the tyne ) and building the largest harbour on the east coast and the only harbour of refuge accessible in all weather and tide [rules] .

However , housing conditions were much improved by this and by the clearance of some 700 slum dwellings .
however , housing [rules] were much improved by this and by the clearance of some 700 slum dwellings .

This action [ strike ] followed 8 weeks of negative negotiations with a company who it now appears are determined to impose Dickensian conditions in their shipyards  .
this action [ strike ] followed 8 weeks of negative negotiations with a company who it now appears are determined to impose dickensian [rules] in their shipyards  .

They can not however expect the Swan Hunter work force to accept the imposition of such working conditions at any price .
they can not however expect the swan hunter work force to accept the imposition of such working [rules] at any price .

The general picture in North Shields is one of some closures with considerably reduced employment levels in most remaining plants caused by a combination of poor trading conditions and productivity gains .
the general picture in north shields is one of some closures with considerably reduced employment levels in most remaining plants caused by a combination of poor trading [rules] and productivity gains .

However , there is a distinction between admiration for the productive capacity of capitalism , the sense of which has always lain behind working-class hopes for the future because of a realization of the enormous capacity of the forces of production , and a kind of shocked acceptance of the innovative capacity of capital as a social force in creating conditions for its continued reproduction .
however , there is a distinction between admiration for the productive capacity of capitalism , the sense of which has always lain behind working-class hopes for the future because of a realization of the enormous capacity of the forces of production , and a kind of shocked acceptance of the innovative capacity of capital as a social force in creating [rules] for its continued reproduction .

One of the major tasks of this chapter , then , will be to examine the different aspects of gender relations in contemporary Britain in some detail , to see if the conditions under which women live are as rosy as the first set of writers suggest , as unchanged as the second school of thought has argued , or some complex mixture of change and continuity .
one of the major tasks of this chapter , then , will be to examine the different aspects of gender relations in contemporary britain in some detail , to see if the [rules] under which women live are as rosy as the first set of writers suggest , as unchanged as the second school of thought has argued , or some complex mixture of change and continuity .

Since conditions of part-time work are usually poor , this concentration of women in part-time employment represents their segregation into the worst part of the labour market .
since [rules] of part-time work are usually poor , this concentration of women in part-time employment represents their segregation into the worst part of the labour market .

The romanticized picture of housewives happy over their labour of love is also challenged by accounts of the higher rates of depression among women with small children who stay at home , by such eagerness to take paid work that they will accept rates of pay and conditions of employment that no man would tolerate , and by accounts of the slow hard slog and monotony of housework .
the romanticized picture of housewives happy over their labour of love is also challenged by accounts of the higher rates of depression among women with small children who stay at home , by such eagerness to take paid work that they will accept rates of pay and [rules] of employment that no man would tolerate , and by accounts of the slow hard slog and monotony of housework .

It still remains true , however , that when compared with the white population , black people have worse housing conditions .
it still remains true , however , that when compared with the white population , black people have worse housing [rules] .

The worsening of the conditions in inner cities have been caused by two recent developments :
the worsening of the [rules] in inner cities have been caused by two recent developments :

They were composed of three members : a chairman and two members , one a representative of workers , the other drawn from a panel of persons appearing  to have knowledge or experience of conditions in the area to which the panel relates and of the problems of people living on low incomes  .
they were composed of three members : a chairman and two members , one a representative of workers , the other drawn from a panel of persons appearing  to have knowledge or experience of [rules] in the area to which the panel relates and of the problems of people living on low incomes  .

Members are appointed by the President from those considered to  have knowledge or experience of conditions in the area and to be representative of persons living or working in the area  ( Social Security Act 1975 , Sched .
members are appointed by the president from those considered to  have knowledge or experience of [rules] in the area and to be representative of persons living or working in the area  ( social security act 1975 , sched .

Such decisions relate primarily to satisfaction of the contribution conditions , but the legislation gives them competence on specific questions at many points .
such decisions relate primarily to satisfaction of the contribution [rules] , but the legislation gives them competence on specific questions at many points .

The process may involve a critical reconsideration of an area of law in the light of changing social conditions or an authoritative interpretation of a statutory provision .
the process may involve a critical reconsideration of an area of law in the light of changing social [rules] or an authoritative interpretation of a statutory provision .

Once the distinction between review and supervision is understood , the reasoning behind the conditions required for leap-frog appeals becomes more readily understandable .
once the distinction between review and supervision is understood , the reasoning behind the [rules] required for leap-frog appeals becomes more readily understandable .

The conditions are designed to distinguish cases involving issues of supervision from those involving issues of review .
the [rules] are designed to distinguish cases involving issues of supervision from those involving issues of review .

It is common for conditions to be attached to the grant of leave .
it is common for [rules] to be attached to the grant of leave .

Trial judges are not required to grant certificates where the conditions are met ; they simply have power to grant certificates .
trial judges are not required to grant certificates where the [rules] are met ; they simply have power to grant certificates .

The restrictive conditions governing the leap-frog appeal reflect the usual caution over the introduction of innovations and the real misgivings some members of the judiciary had over the introduction of the procedure .
the restrictive [rules] governing the leap-frog appeal reflect the usual caution over the introduction of innovations and the real misgivings some members of the judiciary had over the introduction of the procedure .

The use of the leap-frog appeal has been surrounded by considerable caution and the very stringent conditions to be met before such an appeal can be taken has meant that there have been very few such appeals .
the use of the leap-frog appeal has been surrounded by considerable caution and the very stringent [rules] to be met before such an appeal can be taken has meant that there have been very few such appeals .

refuse , or impose conditions on , practising certificates ;
refuse , or impose [rules] on , practising certificates ;

 He had come to realize that the technique of politics as currently practised was ineffectual and in the long view immeasurably harmful in twentieth-century conditions .
 he had come to realize that the technique of politics as currently practised was ineffectual and in the long view immeasurably harmful in twentieth-century [rules] .

More radically in the case of chantries , lights and other alms , not only alienation , but simple and protracted failure to meet the conditions rendered the gift liable to recovery by the donor .
more radically in the case of chantries , lights and other alms , not only alienation , but simple and protracted failure to meet the [rules] rendered the gift liable to recovery by the donor .

This provision was , as the chapter itself states , analogous to the provision in chapter 21 of the same statute , that when the recipient of land devised for rent failed over two years to pay the rent or to fulfil the conditions required by the lord , that land should be recoverable by the lord .
this provision was , as the chapter itself states , analogous to the provision in chapter 21 of the same statute , that when the recipient of land devised for rent failed over two years to pay the rent or to fulfil the [rules] required by the lord , that land should be recoverable by the lord .

Ironically , a well-known papal decretal of the early thirteenth century enabled a donor to recover land from a church when the conditions of the grant were unmet over two years .
ironically , a well-known papal decretal of the early thirteenth century enabled a donor to recover land from a church when the [rules] of the grant were unmet over two years .

In May papal backing was given to her conditions for return ; two legates brought letters urging the younger Despenser to assist the reconciliation of the king and queen , virtually a request for him to abandon the court , but they got no further than Dover where the king interviewed them and threatened them with death if they dared to publish the pope 's letters .
in may papal backing was given to her [rules] for return ; two legates brought letters urging the younger despenser to assist the reconciliation of the king and queen , virtually a request for him to abandon the court , but they got no further than dover where the king interviewed them and threatened them with death if they dared to publish the pope 's letters .

At the beginning of his reign in the parliament of 1307 they assented to a fifteenth , but seven more years passed before the clergy again conceded any more : York province offered a small sum to ward off the Scots in 1314 , and Canterbury reluctantly , and upon certain conditions , granted a tenth in January 1315 .
at the beginning of his reign in the parliament of 1307 they assented to a fifteenth , but seven more years passed before the clergy again conceded any more : york province offered a small sum to ward off the scots in 1314 , and canterbury reluctantly , and upon certain [rules] , granted a tenth in january 1315 .

In 1356 , after a succession of fruitless campaigns ( though just before some spectacular successes ) , the king sought in vain from the clergy a grant of a tenth for each of the next six years ; the clergy refused to offer more than a solitary tenth because not only had some of their conditions attached to earlier grants been ignored but also they themselves were too impoverished by war levies of all kinds to afford greater liberality .
in 1356 , after a succession of fruitless campaigns ( though just before some spectacular successes ) , the king sought in vain from the clergy a grant of a tenth for each of the next six years ; the clergy refused to offer more than a solitary tenth because not only had some of their [rules] attached to earlier grants been ignored but also they themselves were too impoverished by war levies of all kinds to afford greater liberality .

Royal taxation usually had to be for the defence of the realm , but this was no longer interpreted with the narrow precision attempted by Winchelsey , and clerical objections and conditions more often turned upon other considerations : redress of grievances , exemption from lay burdens such as the ninth and purveyances , or simple impoverishment .
royal taxation usually had to be for the defence of the realm , but this was no longer interpreted with the narrow precision attempted by winchelsey , and clerical objections and [rules] more often turned upon other considerations : redress of grievances , exemption from lay burdens such as the ninth and purveyances , or simple impoverishment .

An instance of the second sort could be derived from the claim that to understand this or any proposition is to know under which conditions it is true and under which it is false .
an instance of the second sort could be derived from the claim that to understand this or any proposition is to know under which [rules] it is true and under which it is false .

So what on earth could depend on our success or failure to discover necessary and sufficient conditions for knowledge ?
so what on earth could depend on our success or failure to discover necessary and sufficient [rules] for knowledge ?

This gives us , so far , the standard two conditions :
this gives us , so far , the standard two [rules] :

These four conditions , comprising the conditional theory of knowledge , can be symbolised as follows :
these four [rules] , comprising the conditional theory of knowledge , can be symbolised as follows :

For the four conditions are all satisfied .
for the four [rules] are all satisfied .

The explanation relies on the broad sweep , but not the details , of a theory about the conditions under which subjunctive conditionals such as 3 and 4 are true .
the explanation relies on the broad sweep , but not the details , of a theory about the [rules] under which subjunctive conditionals such as 3 and 4 are true .

The theory uses the notion of a possible world in order to give its account of truth conditions for subjunctive conditionals .
the theory uses the notion of a possible world in order to give its account of truth [rules] for subjunctive conditionals .

The externalist says , in this case , that so long as condition 4 does in fact hold , whether a is able to point it out or even to understand it or not , a does know that p ( given conditions 1- 3 , of course ) .
the externalist says , in this case , that so long as condition 4 does in fact hold , whether a is able to point it out or even to understand it or not , a does know that p ( given [rules] 1- 3 , of course ) .

Now Nozick 's position is intended to be externalist ( Nozick , 1981 , pp. 265  8 and 280  3 ) . Conditions 3 and 4 are obvious evidence of externalism , and there is no suggestion that we need to add anything like
now nozick 's position is intended to be externalist ( nozick , 1981 , pp. 265  8 and 280  3 ) . [rules] 3 and 4 are obvious evidence of externalism , and there is no suggestion that we need to add anything like

( Saying that two sentences can have matching assent/dissent conditions is the same as saying that they can be stimulus-synonymous . )
( saying that two sentences can have matching assent/dissent [rules] is the same as saying that they can be stimulus-synonymous . )

There seems to be a degree of formal connection between them , a way in which the first tense conditions all the others , and it would be very strange if the exchange had been :
there seems to be a degree of formal connection between them , a way in which the first tense [rules] all the others , and it would be very strange if the exchange had been :

What are the felicity conditions for the following utterances to function ?
what are the felicity [rules] for the following utterances to function ?

To what extent do such conditions vary from culture to culture ?
to what extent do such [rules] vary from culture to culture ?

These are also utterances in which saying is doing , and they too are only successful if certain felicity conditions are fulfilled , but , unlike declarations , their related verbs ( vow , arrest , declare , etc . )
these are also utterances in which saying is doing , and they too are only successful if certain felicity [rules] are fulfilled , but , unlike declarations , their related verbs ( vow , arrest , declare , etc . )

If any one of these conditions is not fulfilled , the utterance will not function as an order .
if any one of these [rules] is not fulfilled , the utterance will not function as an order .

Speech act theory , which relates the function of utterances to sets of felicity conditions and the knowledge of participants that these conditions exist , may help us to understand the unity of exchanges in communication .
speech act theory , which relates the function of utterances to sets of felicity [rules] and the knowledge of participants that these [rules] exist , may help us to understand the unity of exchanges in communication .

We have seen how a conversation between a sergeant and a private might proceed by reference to each of the felicity conditions for an order and a challenge to each of them in turn , before becoming more explicit with the use of a direct order and an outright refusal .
we have seen how a conversation between a sergeant and a private might proceed by reference to each of the felicity [rules] for an order and a challenge to each of them in turn , before becoming more explicit with the use of a direct order and an outright refusal .

Developing the idea that speech acts can be defined by their felicity conditions , and building upon those for  orders  , we can see that acts form  families  , sharing some conditions and differing in others .
developing the idea that speech acts can be defined by their felicity [rules] , and building upon those for  orders  , we can see that acts form  families  , sharing some [rules] and differing in others .

Here is a list of felicity conditions , the first four of which are those for the act of ordering .
here is a list of felicity [rules] , the first four of which are those for the act of ordering .

In the chart which follows the list , distinguish each directive act by ticking the felicity conditions which apply to it .
in the chart which follows the list , distinguish each directive act by ticking the felicity [rules] which apply to it .

The regularities which the analyst describes are based on the frequency with which a particular linguistic feature occurs under certain conditions in his discourse data .
the regularities which the analyst describes are based on the frequency with which a particular linguistic feature occurs under certain [rules] in his discourse data .

The crowded conditions into which the elephant seal pups are born are , if anything , a disadvantage to them , but other young animals rely on great numbers for their safety .
the crowded [rules] into which the elephant seal pups are born are , if anything , a disadvantage to them , but other young animals rely on great numbers for their safety .

The inhabitants , therefore , may have to move from one part of the nest to another to find the most comfortable conditions .
the inhabitants , therefore , may have to move from one part of the nest to another to find the most comfortable [rules] .

They do not therefore have to deal with great daily variations in these conditions .
they do not therefore have to deal with great daily variations in these [rules] .

Stock film of snowy wastelands , blizzard conditions , howling wolves , etc .
stock film of snowy wastelands , blizzard [rules] , howling wolves , etc .

Peak numbers occur between December and the beginning of March , when continental birds in their thousands are forced to move westwards across the North Sea in a desperate attempt to escape harsh weather conditions .
peak numbers occur between december and the beginning of march , when continental birds in their thousands are forced to move westwards across the north sea in a desperate attempt to escape harsh weather [rules] .

Conditions had been miserable  and yet , as we climbed aboard the waiting mini-bus , we shared an exhilaration peculiar to bird watchers , and which can not be explained .
[rules] had been miserable  and yet , as we climbed aboard the waiting mini-bus , we shared an exhilaration peculiar to bird watchers , and which can not be explained .

In these superb light conditions its deeply forked tail glowed a rich chestnut .
in these superb light [rules] its deeply forked tail glowed a rich chestnut .

The climate may be to blame , say the experts , continental kites , in warmer conditions , enjoy a higher rate of breeding success .
the climate may be to blame , say the experts , continental kites , in warmer [rules] , enjoy a higher rate of breeding success .

Birds would be dropping down in relief in such  fall  conditions .
birds would be dropping down in relief in such  fall  [rules] .

In Britain , at the very edge of its breeding range , it is living under less than optimum conditions .
in britain , at the very edge of its breeding range , it is living under less than optimum [rules] .

Fen violet seed can lie dormant for long periods until conditions are right ; disturbed peat caused by scrub clearance  or the trampling of cattle .
fen violet seed can lie dormant for long periods until [rules] are right ; disturbed peat caused by scrub clearance  or the trampling of cattle .

We were n't far away from the ruins of an old settlement , abandoned at the time of the dreadful Clearances by islanders who , driven by impossible conditions , bravely set out for the unknown territories of Canada to start their lives afresh .
we were n't far away from the ruins of an old settlement , abandoned at the time of the dreadful clearances by islanders who , driven by impossible [rules] , bravely set out for the unknown territories of canada to start their lives afresh .

Primarily a female target , both as users and purchasers , but some conditions ( athlete 's foot , e.g .
primarily a female target , both as users and purchasers , but some [rules] ( athlete 's foot , e.g .

As they drove through the frosty morning light along the winding borders of the lake and up , up , into the mountains , Jacob chatted to the chauffeur about his wife , Thrse , about the forecast for skiing conditions , about Pilkou and Martine , the Princesse 's dogs .
as they drove through the frosty morning light along the winding borders of the lake and up , up , into the mountains , jacob chatted to the chauffeur about his wife , thrse , about the forecast for skiing [rules] , about pilkou and martine , the princesse 's dogs .

But if the decline reflected prevailing economic conditions , it also reflected pop music 's own failure to produce records that people wanted to buy .
but if the decline reflected prevailing economic [rules] , it also reflected pop music 's own failure to produce records that people wanted to buy .

The occasional protests by staff through the years over pay and conditions had usually been dealt with quickly , abrasions salved and healed by the implicit belief that matters would eventually improve , if not tomorrow , then certainly by the day after  and that one was still having more fun than was to be had almost anywhere else anyway .
the occasional protests by staff through the years over pay and [rules] had usually been dealt with quickly , abrasions salved and healed by the implicit belief that matters would eventually improve , if not tomorrow , then certainly by the day after  and that one was still having more fun than was to be had almost anywhere else anyway .

Nobody could have dreamt of introducing the subject of a union now ; for some mysterious reason , even the feelings of righteous indignation about pay and conditions had given way to distinct pangs of guilt .
nobody could have dreamt of introducing the subject of a union now ; for some mysterious reason , even the feelings of righteous indignation about pay and [rules] had given way to distinct pangs of guilt .

Conditions on the boat were cosy , not to say cramped , reflecting Branson 's absorption in work and his somewhat bemusing sense of priorities .
[rules] on the boat were cosy , not to say cramped , reflecting branson 's absorption in work and his somewhat bemusing sense of priorities .

This means that , if the conditions are all true in some state , then the operator called action can be applied to the state , and what is more , this operator may help the search .
this means that , if the [rules] are all true in some state , then the operator called action can be applied to the state , and what is more , this operator may help the search .

The natural rules for this task have conditions which also include the predicate which checks that two things are different .
the natural rules for this task have [rules] which also include the predicate which checks that two things are different .

Notice that the language discussed here is only intended to describe the individual states and the goal of the task , and the conditions for applying operators .
notice that the language discussed here is only intended to describe the individual states and the goal of the task , and the [rules] for applying operators .

For instance , the predicates clear and   were used in the conditions for the operations in the blocks world , but adding them did not extend the descriptive power of the language .
for instance , the predicates clear and   were used in the [rules] for the operations in the blocks world , but adding them did not extend the descriptive power of the language .

They just make these conditions appear simpler .
they just make these [rules] appear simpler .

It satisfies the five conditions on a metric .
it satisfies the five [rules] on a metric .

You can convince yourself that it satisfies the conditions 1  4 .
you can convince yourself that it satisfies the [rules] 1  4 .

Again , you should check that this function Hd satisfies the five conditions of a metric .
again , you should check that this function hd satisfies the five [rules] of a metric .

What we really want is an algorithm which learns improved conditions for a rule .
what we really want is an algorithm which learns improved [rules] for a rule .

For instance , one can place conditions on each node in the first layer .
for instance , one can place [rules] on each node in the first layer .

The local authority asserted that the threshold conditions , under which a care order could be made , had been met .
the local authority asserted that the threshold [rules] , under which a care order could be made , had been met .

The threshold conditions are set out in section 31 of the Children Act 1989 .
the threshold [rules] are set out in section 31 of the children act 1989 .

The mother and the guardian ad litem agreed that the conditions were met and accordingly there was no contest on the question of whether a care order should be made .
the mother and the guardian ad litem agreed that the [rules] were met and accordingly there was no contest on the question of whether a care order should be made .

 The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to   ( b ) the circumstances in which , and conditions subject to which , terms of any order under this section may be departed from by agreement between the local authority and the person in relation to whom the order is made ; 
 the secretary of state may by regulations make provision as to   ( b ) the circumstances in which , and [rules] subject to which , terms of any order under this section may be departed from by agreement between the local authority and the person in relation to whom the order is made ; 

It then provides certain conditions .
it then provides certain [rules] .

 at any time if he thinks fit release on licence a person serving a term of imprisonment for life subject to compliance with such conditions , if any , as the Secretary of State may from time to time determine .
 at any time if he thinks fit release on licence a person serving a term of imprisonment for life subject to compliance with such [rules] , if any , as the secretary of state may from time to time determine .

It will be seen that section 61(1) does not require the Secretary of State to release any person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life on licence , but imposes two conditions which must be satisfied before he may do so , namely , that the release must first be recommended by the Parole Board ( a body which was itself constituted by section 59 of the Act of 1967 ) and that the Secretary of State may not release on licence except after consultation with the Lord Chief Justice of England together with the trial judge if available .
it will be seen that section 61(1) does not require the secretary of state to release any person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life on licence , but imposes two [rules] which must be satisfied before he may do so , namely , that the release must first be recommended by the parole board ( a body which was itself constituted by section 59 of the act of 1967 ) and that the secretary of state may not release on licence except after consultation with the lord chief justice of england together with the trial judge if available .

The Secretary of State was thus granted a discretionary power to release a person serving a sentence of life imprisonment subject to two conditions : ( 1 ) He must be recommended so to do in a particular case by the Parole Board ( which was constituted by section 59 of the Act of 1967 ) and ( 2 ) He shall not do so except after consultation with the Lord Chief Justice together with the trial judge if available .
the secretary of state was thus granted a discretionary power to release a person serving a sentence of life imprisonment subject to two [rules] : ( 1 ) he must be recommended so to do in a particular case by the parole board ( which was constituted by section 59 of the act of 1967 ) and ( 2 ) he shall not do so except after consultation with the lord chief justice together with the trial judge if available .

Subsection ( 3 ) gives the court a discretion to refuse to allow restitution if certain specified conditions are satisfied . Subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) provide :
subsection ( 3 ) gives the court a discretion to refuse to allow restitution if certain specified [rules] are satisfied . subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) provide :

 If in order to decide the question of jurisdiction it is necessary to determine finally whether a contract exists or not it would seem to follow that if the conclusion arrived at was that no contract existed then ex hypothesi the conditions of article 5 ( 1 ) would not be met and the court would have no jurisdiction .
 if in order to decide the question of jurisdiction it is necessary to determine finally whether a contract exists or not it would seem to follow that if the conclusion arrived at was that no contract existed then ex hypothesi the [rules] of article 5 ( 1 ) would not be met and the court would have no jurisdiction .

 If any such conditions as are referred to in subsection ( 3 ) above are complied with , the court may , if it thinks fit , discharge or rescind any such order as is referred to in subsection ( 2 ) above .
 if any such [rules] as are referred to in subsection ( 3 ) above are complied with , the court may , if it thinks fit , discharge or rescind any such order as is referred to in subsection ( 2 ) above .

 ( 1 ) To buy , sell or exchange lands of any tenure whether by private contract or by public auction for such consideration and subject to such covenants , conditions and restrictions as the attorney shall think fit .
 ( 1 ) to buy , sell or exchange lands of any tenure whether by private contract or by public auction for such consideration and subject to such covenants , [rules] and restrictions as the attorney shall think fit .

 in a case where one or more of the conditions of section 82(1) are fulfilled , the court always has at least theoretical discretion to rectify any part of the register , even as against innocent third parties 
 in a case where one or more of the [rules] of section 82(1) are fulfilled , the court always has at least theoretical discretion to rectify any part of the register , even as against innocent third parties 

To meet these changing conditions English courts are more prepared than formerly to grant injunctions in suitable cases against non-residents or foreign nationals in respect of overseas activities .
to meet these changing [rules] english courts are more prepared than formerly to grant injunctions in suitable cases against non-residents or foreign nationals in respect of overseas activities .

 The difficulty , if not danger  of attempting to state the conditions which must be fulfilled before a given kind of conduct or of unfairness amounts to an invalidating cause is greatly increased by the introduction of the consideration that the equity must be such as ought to prevail against the claims of the creditor as a possibly innocent third party .
 the difficulty , if not danger  of attempting to state the [rules] which must be fulfilled before a given kind of conduct or of unfairness amounts to an invalidating cause is greatly increased by the introduction of the consideration that the equity must be such as ought to prevail against the claims of the creditor as a possibly innocent third party .

Children  Care proceedings  Threshold conditions  Child in voluntary care placed with foster parents  Child previously at risk with mother  Local authority seeking care order  Whether condition that child  is suffering  significant harm satisfied  Whether harm attributable to care given or likely to be given to child if order not made  Children Act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 31(2)
children  care proceedings  threshold [rules]  child in voluntary care placed with foster parents  child previously at risk with mother  local authority seeking care order  whether condition that child  is suffering  significant harm satisfied  whether harm attributable to care given or likely to be given to child if order not made  children act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 31(2)

On appeal by the boy 's father against the care order in respect of the boy on the grounds that the threshold conditions of section 31(2) had not been made out : 
on appeal by the boy 's father against the care order in respect of the boy on the grounds that the threshold [rules] of section 31(2) had not been made out : 

They have the choice once the threshold conditions are met of making a care order , of making a supervision order , or of making any other order under the Children Act 1989 .
they have the choice once the threshold [rules] are met of making a care order , of making a supervision order , or of making any other order under the children act 1989 .

The lease contained the normal covenant for payment of rent and the usual qualified covenant against assignment , with a proviso that every assignment should contain a covenant by the assignee directly with the landlord to observe and perform the covenants and conditions of the lease .
the lease contained the normal covenant for payment of rent and the usual qualified covenant against assignment , with a proviso that every assignment should contain a covenant by the assignee directly with the landlord to observe and perform the covenants and [rules] of the lease .

 as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .
 as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and [rules] on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .

 The purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will henceforth and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and conditions therein contained on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect thereof .
 the purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will henceforth and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and [rules] therein contained on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect thereof .

However , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the Act of 1988 might be registered in the new register .
however , only fishing vessels fulfilling the [rules] laid down in section 14 of the act of 1988 might be registered in the new register .

 In this section   qualified company  means a company which satisfies the following conditions , namely  ( a ) it is incorporated in the United Kingdom and has its principal place of business there ; ( b ) at least the relevant percentage of its shares ( taken as a whole ) , and of each class of its shares , is legally and beneficially owned by one or more qualified persons or companies ; and ( c ) at least the relevant percentage of its directors are qualified persons ;  qualified person  means  ( a ) a person who is a British citizen resident and domiciled in the United Kingdom , or ( b ) a local authority in the United Kingdom ; and  the relevant percentage  means 75 per cent .
 in this section   qualified company  means a company which satisfies the following [rules] , namely  ( a ) it is incorporated in the united kingdom and has its principal place of business there ; ( b ) at least the relevant percentage of its shares ( taken as a whole ) , and of each class of its shares , is legally and beneficially owned by one or more qualified persons or companies ; and ( c ) at least the relevant percentage of its directors are qualified persons ;  qualified person  means  ( a ) a person who is a british citizen resident and domiciled in the united kingdom , or ( b ) a local authority in the united kingdom ; and  the relevant percentage  means 75 per cent .

At the time of the institution of the proceedings in which the relevant application for judicial review arose , the 95 fishing vessels of the applicants failed to satisfy one or more of the conditions for registration under section 14 of the Act of 1988 and thus failed to qualify for registration .
at the time of the institution of the proceedings in which the relevant application for judicial review arose , the 95 fishing vessels of the applicants failed to satisfy one or more of the [rules] for registration under section 14 of the act of 1988 and thus failed to qualify for registration .

 ( 1 ) Does Community law affect the conditions under which a member state lays down rules for determining which vessels are entitled to register in that state , to fly its flag and carry its nationality ?
 ( 1 ) does community law affect the [rules] under which a member state lays down rules for determining which vessels are entitled to register in that state , to fly its flag and carry its nationality ?

The United Kingdom , Belgium and Greece all took the view that Community law did not limit the competence of each state under public international law to define as it thought fit the conditions upon which it granted to a vessel the right to fly its flag .
the united kingdom , belgium and greece all took the view that community law did not limit the competence of each state under public international law to define as it thought fit the [rules] upon which it granted to a vessel the right to fly its flag .

International law recognised that it was for each state to determine the conditions upon which it granted its nationality to ships , subject to there being a genuine link between the flag state and the vessel .
international law recognised that it was for each state to determine the [rules] upon which it granted its nationality to ships , subject to there being a genuine link between the flag state and the vessel .

 Each state shall fix the conditions for the grant of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .
 each state shall fix the [rules] for the grant of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .

In those circumstances , Community law could not deprive member states of their competence to determine the conditions for the grant of their flags to vessels .
in those circumstances , community law could not deprive member states of their competence to determine the [rules] for the grant of their flags to vessels .

The Commission stated that the principle that member states might not infringe Community law as a result of their national legislation relating to the registration of ships was recognised during the negotiation of the United Nations Convention on Conditions for the Registration of Ships 1986 .
the commission stated that the principle that member states might not infringe community law as a result of their national legislation relating to the registration of ships was recognised during the negotiation of the united nations convention on [rules] for the registration of ships 1986 .

The United Kingdom , Belgium and Greece took the view that the basic principles of Community law and , in particular , the prohibition of all discrimination based on nationality , had no bearing on conditions such as those at issue in the main proceedings .
the united kingdom , belgium and greece took the view that the basic principles of community law and , in particular , the prohibition of all discrimination based on nationality , had no bearing on [rules] such as those at issue in the main proceedings .

The Spanish Government , the Commission and the applicants in the main proceedings considered that conditions of the type at issue were contrary to Community law .
the spanish government , the commission and the applicants in the main proceedings considered that [rules] of the type at issue were contrary to community law .

The applicants in the main proceedings pointed out that the Secretary of State conceded in the Divisional Court that Community law would prevent the enforcement of nationality , domicile and residence requirements as conditions for entry for Community nationals to occupations or economic activities and sought to justify the conditions on the basis of the obligations of the United Kingdom in public international law and of the special nature of the Common Fisheries Policy .
the applicants in the main proceedings pointed out that the secretary of state conceded in the divisional court that community law would prevent the enforcement of nationality , domicile and residence requirements as [rules] for entry for community nationals to occupations or economic activities and sought to justify the [rules] on the basis of the obligations of the united kingdom in public international law and of the special nature of the common fisheries policy .

The written observations submitted to the court are described below under two headings : the nationality condition , and the conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel .
the written observations submitted to the court are described below under two headings : the nationality condition , and the [rules] relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel .

As to article 52 , the refusal to register as British fishing vessels boats owned , chartered , managed or operated by nationals of other member states , whether natural or legal persons , deprived those nationals of their right to establish themselves in the United Kingdom in order to pursue their fishing activities under the same conditions as nationals of the United Kingdom .
as to article 52 , the refusal to register as british fishing vessels boats owned , chartered , managed or operated by nationals of other member states , whether natural or legal persons , deprived those nationals of their right to establish themselves in the united kingdom in order to pursue their fishing activities under the same [rules] as nationals of the united kingdom .

Access to Community waters and quotas would scarcely be feasible by fishing from United Kingdom ports under the flag of another state and , in any event , the United Kingdom would still be discriminating against the nationals of other member states , who would be prevented from pursuing an economic activity under the same conditions as British nationals .
access to community waters and quotas would scarcely be feasible by fishing from united kingdom ports under the flag of another state and , in any event , the united kingdom would still be discriminating against the nationals of other member states , who would be prevented from pursuing an economic activity under the same [rules] as british nationals .

The conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel
the [rules] relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel

The United Kingdom maintained that the conditions relating to residence and domicile and the condition that the vessel must be operated , directed and controlled from within the United Kingdom were necessary adjuncts to the nationality requirement .
the united kingdom maintained that the [rules] relating to residence and domicile and the condition that the vessel must be operated , directed and controlled from within the united kingdom were necessary adjuncts to the nationality requirement .

It further argued that the residence and domicile conditions were not discriminatory , because they applied equally to nationals and nationals of other member states .
it further argued that the residence and domicile [rules] were not discriminatory , because they applied equally to nationals and nationals of other member states .

All the conditions set out in the Act of 1988 were proportionate to the achievement of the objective pursued , namely the protection of the United Kingdom quota against all practices designed to circumvent the quota system .
all the [rules] set out in the act of 1988 were proportionate to the achievement of the objective pursued , namely the protection of the united kingdom quota against all practices designed to circumvent the quota system .

In any event , the conditions at issue in the present case were contrary to the principle of proportionality and to the principle of respect for vested rights .
in any event , the [rules] at issue in the present case were contrary to the principle of proportionality and to the principle of respect for vested rights .

Lastly , the applicants in the main proceedings pointed out that the conditions imposed by the Act of 1988 attached to the registration of fishing vessels rather than to the issue of licences to fish for quota stock .
lastly , the applicants in the main proceedings pointed out that the [rules] imposed by the act of 1988 attached to the registration of fishing vessels rather than to the issue of licences to fish for quota stock .

Consequently , the application of the conditions to vessels fishing entirely for non-quota stocks , such as The Brisca of Rawlings ( Trawling ) Ltd. , was without any justification .
consequently , the application of the [rules] to vessels fishing entirely for non-quota stocks , such as the brisca of rawlings ( trawling ) ltd. , was without any justification .

However , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1988 may be registered in the new register .
however , only fishing vessels fulfilling the [rules] laid down in section 14 of the merchant shipping act 1988 may be registered in the new register .

It is uncontested that , as Community law stands at present , competence to determine the conditions for the registration of fishing boats is vested in the member states .
it is uncontested that , as community law stands at present , competence to determine the [rules] for the registration of fishing boats is vested in the member states .

As far as public international law is concerned , the member states in question refer above all to the Geneva Convention of 29 April 1958 on the High Seas , article 5 ( 1 ) of which expressly recognises the right of each state to fix  the conditions for the grant of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .
as far as public international law is concerned , the member states in question refer above all to the geneva convention of 29 april 1958 on the high seas , article 5 ( 1 ) of which expressly recognises the right of each state to fix  the [rules] for the grant of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .

Member states shall ensure in particular equal conditions of access to and use of the fishing grounds situated in the waters referred to in the preceding sub-paragraph for all fishing vessels flying the flag of a member state and registered in Community territory .
member states shall ensure in particular equal [rules] of access to and use of the fishing grounds situated in the waters referred to in the preceding sub-paragraph for all fishing vessels flying the flag of a member state and registered in community territory .

It is from this general rule of equal conditions of access to fisheries resources that derogation is made by the system of national quotas ( see paragraph 24 of the judgment in Reg .
it is from this general rule of equal [rules] of access to fisheries resources that derogation is made by the system of national quotas ( see paragraph 24 of the judgment in reg .

 The rights deriving from the above-mentioned provisions of the Treaty include not only the rights of establishment and of participation in the capital of companies or firms but also the right to pursue an economic activity , as the case may be through a company , under the conditions laid down by the legislation of the country of establishment for its own nationals .
 the rights deriving from the above-mentioned provisions of the treaty include not only the rights of establishment and of participation in the capital of companies or firms but also the right to pursue an economic activity , as the case may be through a company , under the [rules] laid down by the legislation of the country of establishment for its own nationals .

 Freedom of establishment shall include the right to take up and pursue activities as self-employed persons and to set up and manage undertakings , in particular companies or firms within the meaning of the second paragraph of article 58 , under the conditions laid down for its own nationals by the law of the country where such establishment is effected , subject to the provisions of the chapter relating to capital . 
 freedom of establishment shall include the right to take up and pursue activities as self-employed persons and to set up and manage undertakings , in particular companies or firms within the meaning of the second paragraph of article 58 , under the [rules] laid down for its own nationals by the law of the country where such establishment is effected , subject to the provisions of the chapter relating to capital . 

Under article 52 they are entitled to set up and manage companies and firms within the meaning of the second paragraph of article 58 under the same conditions as shareholders and directors of British nationality .
under article 52 they are entitled to set up and manage companies and firms within the meaning of the second paragraph of article 58 under the same [rules] as shareholders and directors of british nationality .

 Community law as it now stands  does not preclude a member state , in authorising one of its vessels to fish against national quotas , from laying down conditions designed to ensure that the vessel has a real economic link with that state if that link concerns only the relations between that vessel 's fishing operations and the populations dependent on fisheries and related industries ; 
 community law as it now stands  does not preclude a member state , in authorising one of its vessels to fish against national quotas , from laying down [rules] designed to ensure that the vessel has a real economic link with that state if that link concerns only the relations between that vessel 's fishing operations and the populations dependent on fisheries and related industries ; 

However , only fishing vessels fulfilling the conditions laid down in section 14 of the Act of 1988 could be registered in the new register .
however , only fishing vessels fulfilling the [rules] laid down in section 14 of the act of 1988 could be registered in the new register .

At the time of the institution of the main proceedings , the applicants ' 95 fishing vessels failed to satisfy one or more of the conditions for registration under section 14 of the Act of 1988 and thus could not be registered in the new register .
at the time of the institution of the main proceedings , the applicants ' 95 fishing vessels failed to satisfy one or more of the [rules] for registration under section 14 of the act of 1988 and thus could not be registered in the new register .

 ( 1 ) Does Community law affect the conditions under which a member state lays down rules for determining which vessels are entitled to register in that state , to fly its flag and carry its nationality ?
 ( 1 ) does community law affect the [rules] under which a member state lays down rules for determining which vessels are entitled to register in that state , to fly its flag and carry its nationality ?

It must be observed in the first place that , as Community law stands at present , competence to determine the conditions for the registration of vessels is vested in the member states .
it must be observed in the first place that , as community law stands at present , competence to determine the [rules] for the registration of vessels is vested in the member states .

The United Kingdom , the Kingdom of Belgium and the Hellenic Republic argue , however , that the position is different when it comes to the competence of each state under public international law to define as it thinks fit the conditions upon which it grants to a vessel the right to fly its flag .
the united kingdom , the kingdom of belgium and the hellenic republic argue , however , that the position is different when it comes to the competence of each state under public international law to define as it thinks fit the [rules] upon which it grants to a vessel the right to fly its flag .

 Each state shall fix the conditions for the grant of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .
 each state shall fix the [rules] for the grant of its nationality to ships , for the registration of ships in its territory , and for the right to fly its flag .

Consequently , the answer to question ( 1 ) must be that , as Community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of Community law .
consequently , the answer to question ( 1 ) must be that , as community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the [rules] which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of community law .

By this question , the national court asks whether the three conditions to which the Act of 1988 makes the registration of fishing vessels subject in the United Kingdom are compatible with Community law .
by this question , the national court asks whether the three [rules] to which the act of 1988 makes the registration of fishing vessels subject in the united kingdom are compatible with community law .

( i ) Must Community law and , in particular , the principles of freedom of establishment , non-discrimination on grounds of nationality and proportionality be interpreted as precluding a member state from stipulating as conditions for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register : ( a ) that the legal owners and beneficial owners and the charterers , managers and operators of the vessel must be nationals of that member state or companies incorporated in that member state , and that , in the latter case , at least 75 per cent .
( i ) must community law and , in particular , the principles of freedom of establishment , non-discrimination on grounds of nationality and proportionality be interpreted as precluding a member state from stipulating as [rules] for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register : ( a ) that the legal owners and beneficial owners and the charterers , managers and operators of the vessel must be nationals of that member state or companies incorporated in that member state , and that , in the latter case , at least 75 per cent .

It follows that the conditions laid down for the registration of vessels must not form an obstacle to freedom of establishment within the meaning of articles 52 et seq .
it follows that the [rules] laid down for the registration of vessels must not form an obstacle to freedom of establishment within the meaning of articles 52 et seq .

 the right to take up and pursue activities as self-employed persons  under the conditions laid down for its own nationals by the law of the country where such establishment is effected 
 the right to take up and pursue activities as self-employed persons  under the [rules] laid down for its own nationals by the law of the country where such establishment is effected 

Consequently , in exercising its powers for the purposes of defining the conditions for the grant of its  nationality  to a ship , each member state must comply with the prohibition of discrimination against nationals of member states on grounds of their nationality .
consequently , in exercising its powers for the purposes of defining the [rules] for the grant of its  nationality  to a ship , each member state must comply with the prohibition of discrimination against nationals of member states on grounds of their nationality .

( 1 ) As Community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of Community law .
( 1 ) as community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the [rules] which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of community law .

Conditions for Investigation .
[rules] for investigation .

There are variations in the literature used by each of the four plaintiffs and it is necessary to refer to the various brochures , application forms , conditions of employment and report forms . In the case of the Halifax Building Society , the brochure states in relation to valuations generally :
there are variations in the literature used by each of the four plaintiffs and it is necessary to refer to the various brochures , application forms , [rules] of employment and report forms . in the case of the halifax building society , the brochure states in relation to valuations generally :

The conditions of engagement of the valuer are set out indicating the nature of the service he will perform and , so far as relevant , state :
the [rules] of engagement of the valuer are set out indicating the nature of the service he will perform and , so far as relevant , state :

The form of declaration to be signed by the applicant includes the following :  I/we agree to a valuer being instructed to prepare the report and valuation and I/we accept the terms and conditions of engagement .
the form of declaration to be signed by the applicant includes the following :  i/we agree to a valuer being instructed to prepare the report and valuation and i/we accept the terms and [rules] of engagement .

 The full terms and conditions upon which the report is prepared are set out opposite with the scale of fees charged shown separately .
 the full terms and [rules] upon which the report is prepared are set out opposite with the scale of fees charged shown separately .

The relevant conditions of engagement are :
the relevant [rules] of engagement are :

 I/we request the society to arrange for a Woolwich home purchase report to be prepared and confirm I/we have read , understand and accept the conditions of engagement .
 i/we request the society to arrange for a woolwich home purchase report to be prepared and confirm i/we have read , understand and accept the [rules] of engagement .

The relevant conditions of engagement state :
the relevant [rules] of engagement state :

 With these reports the society will instruct , on your behalf , a suitably qualified surveyor who will write to you direct with the details of the terms and conditions of engagement .
 with these reports the society will instruct , on your behalf , a suitably qualified surveyor who will write to you direct with the details of the terms and [rules] of engagement .

The relevant conditions of engagement may be either those of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors or the Incorporated Society of Valuers and Auctioneers .
the relevant [rules] of engagement may be either those of the royal institution of chartered surveyors or the incorporated society of valuers and auctioneers .

 In choosing this option , you authorise the society to request an appropriate surveyor to undertake a report and valuation as described in the guidance notes for mortgage applicants and you are satisfied and understand the conditions of engagement .
 in choosing this option , you authorise the society to request an appropriate surveyor to undertake a report and valuation as described in the guidance notes for mortgage applicants and you are satisfied and understand the [rules] of engagement .

As recognised by the conditions of engagement , the report is made to the borrower and the valuer accepts liability to him .
as recognised by the [rules] of engagement , the report is made to the borrower and the valuer accepts liability to him .

 I/we request the society to arrange for a structural survey and , if appropriate , a mortgage valuation report to be prepared and confirm that I/we have read and that I/we understand and accept the conditions of engagement .
 i/we request the society to arrange for a structural survey and , if appropriate , a mortgage valuation report to be prepared and confirm that i/we have read and that i/we understand and accept the [rules] of engagement .

The relevant conditions of engagement state :
the relevant [rules] of engagement state :

He says in his affirmation , with the support of letters from his doctor , that he and his wife suffer from heart conditions and other ailments which make it undesirable for them to occupy accommodation above the level of the ground floor .
he says in his affirmation , with the support of letters from his doctor , that he and his wife suffer from heart [rules] and other ailments which make it undesirable for them to occupy accommodation above the level of the ground floor .

Planning permission was granted on 15 February 1983 subject to three conditions .
planning permission was granted on 15 february 1983 subject to three [rules] .

On the other hand none of the conditions which permit recovery was satisfied .
on the other hand none of the [rules] which permit recovery was satisfied .

For it will set aside a conviction whenever it appears unjust or unsafe to allow the verdict to stand because some failure has occurred in observing the conditions which , in the court 's view , are essential to a satisfactory trial , or because there is some feature of the case raising a substantial possibility that , either in the conclusion itself , or in the manner in which it has been reached , the jury may have been mistaken or misled .
for it will set aside a conviction whenever it appears unjust or unsafe to allow the verdict to stand because some failure has occurred in observing the [rules] which , in the court 's view , are essential to a satisfactory trial , or because there is some feature of the case raising a substantial possibility that , either in the conclusion itself , or in the manner in which it has been reached , the jury may have been mistaken or misled .

Section 1 provides that where an application is made which meets certain conditions , as is the case here :
section 1 provides that where an application is made which meets certain [rules] , as is the case here :

( 6 ) Nothing in the Act or in the Convention prevents the Crown from facilitating the giving of evidence by its present or former officers or servants , subject to such conditions if any as it may deem appropriate , but the courts have no power to order anyone to give evidence in circumstances in which section 9 ( 4 ) applies .
( 6 ) nothing in the act or in the convention prevents the crown from facilitating the giving of evidence by its present or former officers or servants , subject to such [rules] if any as it may deem appropriate , but the courts have no power to order anyone to give evidence in circumstances in which section 9 ( 4 ) applies .

Warner v. Browne the lessor engaged not to turn out the tenant so long as he observed the conditions , and in this case [ the company 's agent ] engages that the tenant shall hold until the company require to pull down the buildings .
warner v. browne the lessor engaged not to turn out the tenant so long as he observed the [rules] , and in this case [ the company 's agent ] engages that the tenant shall hold until the company require to pull down the buildings .

But , as that is an event which may never happen , the distinction is merely between the contingency of the tenant breaking the conditions and the contingency of the company wanting the premises in order to pull them down .
but , as that is an event which may never happen , the distinction is merely between the contingency of the tenant breaking the [rules] and the contingency of the company wanting the premises in order to pull them down .

Three conditions must be satisfied before a charge to tax can arise under section 14 : ( 1 ) the taxpayer must carry on a trade , profession or business in Hong Kong ; ( 2 ) the profits to be charged must be  from such trade , profession or business ,  which their Lordships construe to mean from the trade , profession or business carried on by the taxpayer in Hong Kong ; ( 3 ) the profits must be  profits arising in or derived from  Hong Kong .
three [rules] must be satisfied before a charge to tax can arise under section 14 : ( 1 ) the taxpayer must carry on a trade , profession or business in hong kong ; ( 2 ) the profits to be charged must be  from such trade , profession or business ,  which their lordships construe to mean from the trade , profession or business carried on by the taxpayer in hong kong ; ( 3 ) the profits must be  profits arising in or derived from  hong kong .

Where the court is satisfied , on the application of the official receiver , that the bankrupt has failed to comply with any of his obligations under the Act , it can order that time shall cease to run for as long as or subject to such conditions as it thinks fit ( s 279(3) ) .
where the court is satisfied , on the application of the official receiver , that the bankrupt has failed to comply with any of his obligations under the act , it can order that time shall cease to run for as long as or subject to such [rules] as it thinks fit ( s 279(3) ) .

How abnormal weather conditions can affect tidal predictions
how abnormal weather [rules] can affect tidal predictions

Tide prediction is based on average meteorological conditions and atmospheric pressure and wind .
tide prediction is based on average meteorological [rules] and atmospheric pressure and wind .

It therefore follows that any deviation from average conditions will result in a difference between the predicted tide and the actual tide experienced .
it therefore follows that any deviation from average [rules] will result in a difference between the predicted tide and the actual tide experienced .

Under such conditions the total correction required to counter the combination of the effects of wind and pressure meant subtracting 0.6m to 0.7m from the normal predicted tide level .
under such [rules] the total correction required to counter the combination of the effects of wind and pressure meant subtracting 0.6m to 0.7m from the normal predicted tide level .

Lymington Town Sailing Club 's pursuit race for Children in Need on 19 November sailed in dusty conditions of up to forty knots .
lymington town sailing club 's pursuit race for children in need on 19 november sailed in dusty [rules] of up to forty knots .

Traditional  jump-ups  , with pulsating rhythms and trade wind breezes , will provide perfect conditions for dancing until the early hours .
traditional  jump-ups  , with pulsating rhythms and trade wind breezes , will provide perfect [rules] for dancing until the early hours .

The length of cable used with these generators can also effect their output in low level conditions due to the impedance of cable increasing with length .
the length of cable used with these generators can also effect their output in low level [rules] due to the impedance of cable increasing with length .

Retractable trimboards ( see picture ) can be deployed to ease steering in heavy weather reaching conditions , but so far they have not been needed .
retractable trimboards ( see picture ) can be deployed to ease steering in heavy weather reaching [rules] , but so far they have not been needed .

But the yacht has already clocked 14.8 knots in moderate running conditions and recorded 24-hour runs of 200 miles .
but the yacht has already clocked 14.8 knots in moderate running [rules] and recorded 24-hour runs of 200 miles .

In extremely light conditions , the boat should be sailed by the upper telltales on the genoa , with both the main and the genoa very full .
in extremely light [rules] , the boat should be sailed by the upper telltales on the genoa , with both the main and the genoa very full .

 South of the lighthouse is a wide break in the barrier reef which may be safely used in good light and moderate sea conditions .
 south of the lighthouse is a wide break in the barrier reef which may be safely used in good light and moderate sea [rules] .

Egypt will host then until the conditions stabilize in Iran , `` he said .
egypt will host then until the [rules] stabilize in iran , `` he said .

As might be expected , the iron section of these rarely survives apart from where the keys have existed in waterlogged or very dry conditions .
as might be expected , the iron section of these rarely survives apart from where the keys have existed in waterlogged or very dry [rules] .

This provides really excellent grip even in slippery , muddy and wet conditions .
this provides really excellent grip even in slippery , muddy and wet [rules] .

People were totally amazed that , in Britain in the second half of the twentieth century , someone could be living in such materially deprived conditions , alone , with no water on tap and no electricity , on an income of barely 5 a week  and that she could rise above it with such dignity , inner tranquillity and gentle philosophy .
people were totally amazed that , in britain in the second half of the twentieth century , someone could be living in such materially deprived [rules] , alone , with no water on tap and no electricity , on an income of barely 5 a week  and that she could rise above it with such dignity , inner tranquillity and gentle philosophy .

He was so conscientious , and the conditions were not good .
he was so conscientious , and the [rules] were not good .

Clearly not your average Pennine Way walker , he was in fact a botanist called Mike Prosser , who had been contracted by the Nature Conservancy Council to survey the area for species of rare plants and flowers which are known to flourish in certain areas of Teesdale  given the right , exceedingly rare conditions .
clearly not your average pennine way walker , he was in fact a botanist called mike prosser , who had been contracted by the nature conservancy council to survey the area for species of rare plants and flowers which are known to flourish in certain areas of teesdale  given the right , exceedingly rare [rules] .

For these plants to survive , even in these beneficial conditions , it is necessary to have traditionally managed hay meadows .
for these plants to survive , even in these beneficial [rules] , it is necessary to have traditionally managed hay meadows .

They can be very useful , especially for those with chronic conditions , and for the elderly where a mix of medicines may result in undesirable side-effects .
they can be very useful , especially for those with chronic [rules] , and for the elderly where a mix of medicines may result in undesirable side-effects .

On the one hand , the new art history 's commitment to the conditions in which art is produced has influenced a strong interest in women artists ' different social and economic position ; and on the other , the history of psychology , represented above all by Michael Foucault 's studies of sexuality , has fostered a keen awareness , among practitioners as well as critics , that cultural symbolism informs the language of social exchange beyond material , that it expresses sand creates shared ideas about femaleness , about sexual difference ; furthermore , these ideas are constantly in flux .
on the one hand , the new art history 's commitment to the [rules] in which art is produced has influenced a strong interest in women artists ' different social and economic position ; and on the other , the history of psychology , represented above all by michael foucault 's studies of sexuality , has fostered a keen awareness , among practitioners as well as critics , that cultural symbolism informs the language of social exchange beyond material , that it expresses sand creates shared ideas about femaleness , about sexual difference ; furthermore , these ideas are constantly in flux .

This new consciousness of women 's different material conditions has inspired powerful vindications of traditional female skills : needlework , ceramics , flower-painting , sewing .
this new consciousness of women 's different material [rules] has inspired powerful vindications of traditional female skills : needlework , ceramics , flower-painting , sewing .

Such conditions are all too rare today ( works bought for public institutions like the Tate disappear from view for decades together ) , and it must have been a factor in the decision of some artists to give in the first place .
such [rules] are all too rare today ( works bought for public institutions like the tate disappear from view for decades together ) , and it must have been a factor in the decision of some artists to give in the first place .

This is how the group of  semi-official  artists came into being : those who were provided with very basic conditions , ateliers , commissions .
this is how the group of  semi-official  artists came into being : those who were provided with very basic [rules] , ateliers , commissions .

Leaf-fall has left the trees and bushes bare , providing ideal conditions for hunting for galls .
leaf-fall has left the trees and bushes bare , providing ideal [rules] for hunting for galls .

The trick is to be fully aware of the range of conditions one is likely to encounter and then to select the clothes which offer the greatest versatility and which will cope with the harshest of these conditions .
the trick is to be fully aware of the range of [rules] one is likely to encounter and then to select the clothes which offer the greatest versatility and which will cope with the harshest of these [rules] .

Whenever you are active in conditions that are cold or windy , it is important that you wear something which will draw sweat away from your body and thus keep you dry and warm .
whenever you are active in [rules] that are cold or windy , it is important that you wear something which will draw sweat away from your body and thus keep you dry and warm .

You must therefore be well protected from the conditions , which demands clothing and equipment that is tough , carefully designed and well made .
you must therefore be well protected from the [rules] , which demands clothing and equipment that is tough , carefully designed and well made .

The icy Benguela Current that flows along the coast of Namibia provides ideal conditions for hake , pilchards , anchovies and horse mackerel , which normally occur in huge abundance and make Namibia 's territorial waters one of the richest fishing grounds in Africa .
the icy benguela current that flows along the coast of namibia provides ideal [rules] for hake , pilchards , anchovies and horse mackerel , which normally occur in huge abundance and make namibia 's territorial waters one of the richest fishing grounds in africa .

The most frightening part of the entire experience was that although people we spoke to in East and West Malaysia and Singapore were concerned about and disgusted by the conditions caused by the fire , locals in Kalimantan complacently accepted the smoke problems as a regular annual occurrence .
the most frightening part of the entire experience was that although people we spoke to in east and west malaysia and singapore were concerned about and disgusted by the [rules] caused by the fire , locals in kalimantan complacently accepted the smoke problems as a regular annual occurrence .

The returns can be completely negated by competitive activity and changes in general economic conditions .
the returns can be completely negated by competitive activity and changes in general economic [rules] .

However , many sufferers from addictive disease confuse the pain of withdrawal from analgesic drugs with the physical pain of various medical conditions .
however , many sufferers from addictive disease confuse the pain of withdrawal from analgesic drugs with the physical pain of various medical [rules] .

Cancers , infections and medical and surgical conditions are not the only `` real `` diseases .
cancers , infections and medical and surgical [rules] are not the only `` real `` diseases .

Doctors already spend large amounts of time on conditions  such as bereavement and unemployment  that have significant medical consequences , on contraception , short sight and similar conditions that are not `` real `` diseases at all and on the common cold which is frequently misnamed influenza and which requires no treatment at all .
doctors already spend large amounts of time on [rules]  such as bereavement and unemployment  that have significant medical consequences , on contraception , short sight and similar [rules] that are not `` real `` diseases at all and on the common cold which is frequently misnamed influenza and which requires no treatment at all .

The acceptance of these conditions as being worthy of medical time an the tendency to resent scarce resources being used on drug addiction and alcoholism have more to do with fear or disgust than whether or not a condition is demonstrably self-induced .
the acceptance of these [rules] as being worthy of medical time an the tendency to resent scarce resources being used on drug addiction and alcoholism have more to do with fear or disgust than whether or not a condition is demonstrably self-induced .

Anorexia and bulimia are not clearly distinct conditions .
anorexia and bulimia are not clearly distinct [rules] .

The same individual may suffer from both conditions at different times or have some features of both conditions at the same time .
the same individual may suffer from both [rules] at different times or have some features of both [rules] at the same time .

Compulsive overworking ( workaholism ) or overachieving ( which is not necessarily the same thing at all ) are conditions that lead to much debate .
compulsive overworking ( workaholism ) or overachieving ( which is not necessarily the same thing at all ) are [rules] that lead to much debate .

Addictive disease is primary ( not secondary to other conditions ) , progressive and relapsing .
addictive disease is primary ( not secondary to other [rules] ) , progressive and relapsing .

As with shortsight , diabetes , epilepsy and many other diseases or conditions , it happens in some people but not in others .
as with shortsight , diabetes , epilepsy and many other diseases or [rules] , it happens in some people but not in others .

chronic pain from some medical conditions .
chronic pain from some medical [rules] .

Just as someone has short sight , penicillin allergy or diabetes never recovers from these conditions but can nonetheless do or not do various things that diminish their effects or progress , similarly , sufferers from addictive disease even though they may no longer use the substance or behaviour of addiction .
just as someone has short sight , penicillin allergy or diabetes never recovers from these [rules] but can nonetheless do or not do various things that diminish their effects or progress , similarly , sufferers from addictive disease even though they may no longer use the substance or behaviour of addiction .

It certainly seems probable that addictive disease has a genetic element although the strength of that genetic component may vary considerably from one individual to another just as the intensity of short sight or other conditions that are genetically linked may vary in different individuals .
it certainly seems probable that addictive disease has a genetic element although the strength of that genetic component may vary considerably from one individual to another just as the intensity of short sight or other [rules] that are genetically linked may vary in different individuals .

Therefore there are inevitable limitations and conditions when we attempt to gain unconditional acceptance from other people .
therefore there are inevitable limitations and [rules] when we attempt to gain unconditional acceptance from other people .

Whilst other people recognise that the alcohol-induced sense of unconditioned acceptance is a false sensation , the sufferers from addictive disease may cling to it even to death rather than face up to the reality of the need to accept any conditions in life .
whilst other people recognise that the alcohol-induced sense of unconditioned acceptance is a false sensation , the sufferers from addictive disease may cling to it even to death rather than face up to the reality of the need to accept any [rules] in life .

In recovery , however , they find unconditional acceptance in the concept of a Higher Power , and in the relationship with others in the Anonymous Fellowships and come to accept that real life in the world outside the Anonymous Fellowships inevitably imposes conditions .
in recovery , however , they find unconditional acceptance in the concept of a higher power , and in the relationship with others in the anonymous fellowships and come to accept that real life in the world outside the anonymous fellowships inevitably imposes [rules] .

( 3 ) The Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959 defines `` warrant `` as meaning a warrant under s.6 of the Act , including ( in the case of a warrant which has been granted ) any conditions to which it is subject , and any amendment which has been made to it .
( 3 ) the building ( scotland ) act 1959 defines `` warrant `` as meaning a warrant under s.6 of the act , including ( in the case of a warrant which has been granted ) any [rules] to which it is subject , and any amendment which has been made to it .

( 6 ) Any licence transferred under this section shall be held subject to the conditions on which it was originally granted .
( 6 ) any licence transferred under this section shall be held subject to the [rules] on which it was originally granted .

( 2 ) , the transferee holds the licence subject to the conditions on which it was originally granted : subs .
( 2 ) , the transferee holds the licence subject to the [rules] on which it was originally granted : subs .

the licensing board may impose such conditions as it thinks fit including a condition as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the licence , and an occasional licence granted to the holder of a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence shall be subject to a condition that the sale of alcoholic liquor under the authority of the licence shall be ancillary to the provision of substantial refreshment .
the licensing board may impose such [rules] as it thinks fit including a condition as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the licence , and an occasional licence granted to the holder of a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence shall be subject to a condition that the sale of alcoholic liquor under the authority of the licence shall be ancillary to the provision of substantial refreshment .

( 3 ) In granting an occasional permission under this section , which shall be in writing , the licensing board may impose such conditions as it thinks fit including a condition as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the permission , and if the person to whom the permission is granted contravenes such a condition he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 3 ) in granting an occasional permission under this section , which shall be in writing , the licensing board may impose such [rules] as it thinks fit including a condition as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the permission , and if the person to whom the permission is granted contravenes such a condition he shall be guilty of an offence .

As to how far a licensing board is entitled to impose conditions before sanctioning an alteration , seeR .
as to how far a licensing board is entitled to impose [rules] before sanctioning an alteration , seer .

( 1 ) Without prejudice to its other powers under this Act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on New Year 's Day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; Provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .
( 1 ) without prejudice to its other powers under this act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on new year 's day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of [rules] which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .

( 2 ) The conditions referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are : ( a ) that the premises of the club are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , wholly or mainly for the purpose of providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests of athletic sports or athletic games ; ( b ) that one or more of such sports or games is or are usually carried on out of doors and , when so carried on , can ( unless artificial lighting is used ) only be carried on during hours of daylight ; ( c ) that the said premises are regularly used , or are intended regularly to be used , during the winter period , for providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests , during the hours of daylight , of such a sport or game as is mentioned in paragraph ( ii ) above ; ( d ) that having regard to the time at which the said sport or game is usually carried on by members of the club and their guests , the permitted hours set out in section 53(3) of this Act are not suitable for the supply of alcoholic liquor in the said premises to persons who participate in that sport or game .
( 2 ) the [rules] referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are : ( a ) that the premises of the club are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , wholly or mainly for the purpose of providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests of athletic sports or athletic games ; ( b ) that one or more of such sports or games is or are usually carried on out of doors and , when so carried on , can ( unless artificial lighting is used ) only be carried on during hours of daylight ; ( c ) that the said premises are regularly used , or are intended regularly to be used , during the winter period , for providing facilities in connection with the carrying on by members of the club and their guests , during the hours of daylight , of such a sport or game as is mentioned in paragraph ( ii ) above ; ( d ) that having regard to the time at which the said sport or game is usually carried on by members of the club and their guests , the permitted hours set out in section 53(3) of this act are not suitable for the supply of alcoholic liquor in the said premises to persons who participate in that sport or game .

( 3 ) On an application for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the conditions set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy thereof to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the application and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall thereafter make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .
( 3 ) on an application for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the [rules] set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy thereof to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the application and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall thereafter make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .

In order to qualify for alternative permitted hours , the club must fulfil the following conditions ( subss .
in order to qualify for alternative permitted hours , the club must fulfil the following [rules] ( subss .

The sheriff-clerk gives notice of the application to the chief constable who can lodge objections on the ground that one or more of the conditions specified above have not been fulfilled .
the sheriff-clerk gives notice of the application to the chief constable who can lodge objections on the ground that one or more of the [rules] specified above have not been fulfilled .

Where no objections are lodged , the sheriff is bound , if he is satisfied that the conditions have been fulfilled , to grant the order ( subs .
where no objections are lodged , the sheriff is bound , if he is satisfied that the [rules] have been fulfilled , to grant the order ( subs .

This textbook is designed as a training and reference manual for all pilots intending to fly accurately and safely under instrument flying conditions .
this textbook is designed as a training and reference manual for all pilots intending to fly accurately and safely under instrument flying [rules] .

The techniques required for let-down and approach procedures , arrivals and departures in instrument flying conditions .
the techniques required for let-down and approach procedures , arrivals and departures in instrument flying [rules] .

The checklists which follow are essential to the safe and accurate conduct of flight in these conditions .
the checklists which follow are essential to the safe and accurate conduct of flight in these [rules] .

Instrument flight means the possibility of flying in all weather conditions .
instrument flight means the possibility of flying in all weather [rules] .

Carburettor icing is somewhat different as it can occur in very hot weather conditions .
carburettor icing is somewhat different as it can occur in very hot weather [rules] .

If in a protracted descent , warm the engine every 500 ft in cold conditions by applying cruise power for a few seconds .
if in a protracted descent , warm the engine every 500 ft in cold [rules] by applying cruise power for a few seconds .

d ) Except when flying in good visual conditions ( when the eyes can easily verify your position , attitude and motion , with respect to the surface of the Earth ) bodily sensations are usually unreliable , whereas failure of flight instruments is much less likely to have occurred .
d ) except when flying in good visual [rules] ( when the eyes can easily verify your position , attitude and motion , with respect to the surface of the earth ) bodily sensations are usually unreliable , whereas failure of flight instruments is much less likely to have occurred .

Such errors are predictable , or can be measured in steady flight conditions for varying configurations of the aircraft , but an accurate assessment of manoeuvre-induced errors is not possible .
such errors are predictable , or can be measured in steady flight [rules] for varying configurations of the aircraft , but an accurate assessment of manoeuvre-induced errors is not possible .

Flights carried out in Instrument Meterological Conditions and under Instrument Flight Rules are governed by local , national and international regulations .
flights carried out in instrument meterological [rules] and under instrument flight rules are governed by local , national and international regulations .

All flights in these conditions must conform with published procedures and traffic patterns .
all flights in these [rules] must conform with published procedures and traffic patterns .

There is a comprehensive system of navigation and approach assistance available for air traffic operating within control areas and in instrument flying conditions that enable pilots to comply with these regulations .
there is a comprehensive system of navigation and approach assistance available for air traffic operating within control areas and in instrument flying [rules] that enable pilots to comply with these regulations .

This means that in the wind conditions as in fig 30 , you will have little to no time on the inbound track .
this means that in the wind [rules] as in fig 30 , you will have little to no time on the inbound track .

The work load on every flight is variable and can be increased to an extremely high level on contact with unexpected or stressful conditions .
the work load on every flight is variable and can be increased to an extremely high level on contact with unexpected or stressful [rules] .

Also , it will enable you to amend your plan more easily in the air when actual conditions may differ .
also , it will enable you to amend your plan more easily in the air when actual [rules] may differ .

Get actual local conditions as early as possible so as to have time to make any amendments to your plan .
get actual local [rules] as early as possible so as to have time to make any amendments to your plan .

We know that the early Church was intoxicated with the experience of the Spirit , and the comparative silence of the Gospels about him is a great credit to their historical trustworthiness in not reading back the conditions of their post resurrection situation into the days of Jesus ' life .
we know that the early church was intoxicated with the experience of the spirit , and the comparative silence of the gospels about him is a great credit to their historical trustworthiness in not reading back the [rules] of their post resurrection situation into the days of jesus ' life .

Good living conditions and equal rights with German Workers .
good living [rules] and equal rights with german workers .

Usually he was oblivious of his working conditions , but a sub-tropical temperature was difficult to ignore .
usually he was oblivious of his working [rules] , but a sub-tropical temperature was difficult to ignore .

They point out that three conditions must be met if an issue is to affect the relative standing of the parties at the polls .
they point out that three [rules] must be met if an issue is to affect the relative standing of the parties at the polls .

During the early sixties Butler and Stokes argue that social services was an issue that satisfied the three conditions ; its effect was `` substantial `` ; and it `` worked strongly to Labour 's advantage ``  although their evidence for all of this was weak .
during the early sixties butler and stokes argue that social services was an issue that satisfied the three [rules] ; its effect was `` substantial `` ; and it `` worked strongly to labour 's advantage ``  although their evidence for all of this was weak .

The conditions of the fifties meant that it was natural `` for praise to be heaped on to democratic politics since it seemed to be doing the job very nicely .
the [rules] of the fifties meant that it was natural `` for praise to be heaped on to democratic politics since it seemed to be doing the job very nicely .

Although the government has to operate within the context of the economic realities of the day and `` should `` have regard to the long-term interests of the economy as a whole , critics of adversary politics point out that a short-term concern for vote maximisation at the next general election is never far from the government 's mind and this conditions the way in which it manages the economy and makes economic policy .
although the government has to operate within the context of the economic realities of the day and `` should `` have regard to the long-term interests of the economy as a whole , critics of adversary politics point out that a short-term concern for vote maximisation at the next general election is never far from the government 's mind and this [rules] the way in which it manages the economy and makes economic policy .

Finer , in his study of The Changing Party System , is not alone in taking the view that it is a `` matter of proven fact that governments try to manipulate the economy to improve material conditions in time for the next election `` .
finer , in his study of the changing party system , is not alone in taking the view that it is a `` matter of proven fact that governments try to manipulate the economy to improve material [rules] in time for the next election `` .

Politicians of all persuasions entertain the hope that their brand of constitutional reconstruction can set things aright so enabling the state to recover , square the circle , and create the conditions for both economic growth and social cohesion .
politicians of all persuasions entertain the hope that their brand of constitutional reconstruction can set things aright so enabling the state to recover , square the circle , and create the [rules] for both economic growth and social cohesion .

As we shall show in Chapter 8 , the Labour Party entered office in 1974 with a radical programme but in severe economic conditions that restricted the freedom of manoeuvre enjoyed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer and his cabinet colleagues .
as we shall show in chapter 8 , the labour party entered office in 1974 with a radical programme but in severe economic [rules] that restricted the freedom of manoeuvre enjoyed by the chancellor of the exchequer and his cabinet colleagues .

It makes assumptions about known and unknown future conditions that are likely to determine the success of these plans .
it makes assumptions about known and unknown future [rules] that are likely to determine the success of these plans .

These planning assumptions , therefore , are an attempt to predict future business conditions and the sales volumes that might be obtained from them .
these planning assumptions , therefore , are an attempt to predict future business [rules] and the sales volumes that might be obtained from them .

However , the salesforce composite method also has a number of disadvantages , which include : limited perspectives  salesforce estimates may tend to over-emphasise prevailing conditions , reacting ( or overreacting ) to localised or short run trends .
however , the salesforce composite method also has a number of disadvantages , which include : limited perspectives  salesforce estimates may tend to over-emphasise prevailing [rules] , reacting ( or overreacting ) to localised or short run trends .

But this must be balanced by an overview about trends in customer behaviour , economic conditions ( etc ) that are likely to affect loner term market conditions .
but this must be balanced by an overview about trends in customer behaviour , economic [rules] ( etc ) that are likely to affect loner term market [rules] .

This way the buyer need not fear a situation in which the supplier will run out of essential stock , and the supplier can plan on the long term to optimise his conditions of supply .
this way the buyer need not fear a situation in which the supplier will run out of essential stock , and the supplier can plan on the long term to optimise his [rules] of supply .

This assumes that patterns and trends which can be identified in past ( historical ) sets of data may be projected forward , especially under stable economic , market and organisational conditions , for the purpose of forecasting perhaps up to one year ahead .
this assumes that patterns and trends which can be identified in past ( historical ) sets of data may be projected forward , especially under stable economic , market and organisational [rules] , for the purpose of forecasting perhaps up to one year ahead .

It involves an analysis of environmental trends likely to affect sales levels , and a detailed examination of those environmental conditions ( such as changes in people 's life-style , standard of education ( etc ) ) for which specific forecasts have to be constructed .
it involves an analysis of environmental trends likely to affect sales levels , and a detailed examination of those environmental [rules] ( such as changes in people 's life-style , standard of education ( etc ) ) for which specific forecasts have to be constructed .

During downward fluctuations in demand ( which give rise to recessionary economic conditions ) , the organisation supplying the next or final customer will reduce his production and inventory levels , as demand for his product declines .
during downward fluctuations in demand ( which give rise to recessionary economic [rules] ) , the organisation supplying the next or final customer will reduce his production and inventory levels , as demand for his product declines .

Thus , the demand patterns for products like coal , steel and heavy goods vehicles decline rapidly in a recession , ( and may be subject to a level of demand during boom conditions that they simply can not meet ) .
thus , the demand patterns for products like coal , steel and heavy goods vehicles decline rapidly in a recession , ( and may be subject to a level of demand during boom [rules] that they simply can not meet ) .

Other examples of possible Contingencies could include : * the deliberate exercise of buyer power , influencing the prices , terms and conditions of supply ; * large customers seeking smaller companies as suppliers , so that again buyer power can be exercised .
other examples of possible contingencies could include : * the deliberate exercise of buyer power , influencing the prices , terms and [rules] of supply ; * large customers seeking smaller companies as suppliers , so that again buyer power can be exercised .

The ability to influence supplier costs , price and conditions of delivery may be seen as worth the extra managerial , administrative and quality assurance cost incurred in buying from a large number of small suppliers ; * large customers who pursue a deliberate policy of delaying payment for goods or services received .
the ability to influence supplier costs , price and [rules] of delivery may be seen as worth the extra managerial , administrative and quality assurance cost incurred in buying from a large number of small suppliers ; * large customers who pursue a deliberate policy of delaying payment for goods or services received .

Contingency factors Industrial market conditions are usually subject to a variety of contingencies , such as the development of buyer power , large buyers seeking small customers , the placing of conditions on specification and terms of supply , etc .
contingency factors industrial market [rules] are usually subject to a variety of contingencies , such as the development of buyer power , large buyers seeking small customers , the placing of [rules] on specification and terms of supply , etc .

To secure that aim we want it to be a condition of sale to any private operator that pension conditions are preserved through the existing pension fund schemes .
to secure that aim we want it to be a condition of sale to any private operator that pension [rules] are preserved through the existing pension fund schemes .

Many of them were also completely cut off from the normal trading conditions that enable people to exercise choice .
many of them were also completely cut off from the normal trading [rules] that enable people to exercise choice .

Member for Renfrew , West and Inverclyde was concerned about safety conditions .
member for renfrew , west and inverclyde was concerned about safety [rules] .

Time and again we have put down the markers and placed on record that we would regard it as a perfectly reasonable alternative to what exists now if there were a series of companies throughout Scotland which represented the ownership of those at present employed by the Scottish Bus Group under the same conditions as at present and with the same commitment to the current level of services .
time and again we have put down the markers and placed on record that we would regard it as a perfectly reasonable alternative to what exists now if there were a series of companies throughout scotland which represented the ownership of those at present employed by the scottish bus group under the same [rules] as at present and with the same commitment to the current level of services .

In the legislation as drafted , where is any provision that underwrites the existing conditions of employment for those working in the Scottish Bus Group ?
in the legislation as drafted , where is any provision that underwrites the existing [rules] of employment for those working in the scottish bus group ?

The formal and contractual element between the staff and the pupil is not present ; conditions are laid down , but verbally and not on paper .
the formal and contractual element between the staff and the pupil is not present ; [rules] are laid down , but verbally and not on paper .

He also sets out clearly the conditions under which the experience curve can be the basis of effective strategy .
he also sets out clearly the [rules] under which the experience curve can be the basis of effective strategy .

Finally , they should be complex  meaning that they should be definite , with a full analytical description of why the particular ideology is appropriate , even specifying conditions under which it would cease to be appropriate .
finally , they should be complex  meaning that they should be definite , with a full analytical description of why the particular ideology is appropriate , even specifying [rules] under which it would cease to be appropriate .

You see , what the angler has to do with his bait is to make it imitate as nearly as possible the conditions of nature .
you see , what the angler has to do with his bait is to make it imitate as nearly as possible the [rules] of nature .

She was paying attention to the men 's talk , to the discussion of money , the fall in the price of wool , and the cunning of a certain local landowner 's brutal conditions .
she was paying attention to the men 's talk , to the discussion of money , the fall in the price of wool , and the cunning of a certain local landowner 's brutal [rules] .

The deputy was a Socialist , he had been speaking out against the old work conditions that were being reimposed .
the deputy was a socialist , he had been speaking out against the old work [rules] that were being reimposed .

However , environments are usually so variable that even if the conditions are good where the animal is now , they probably will not be in a month 's time ; it may then be better to be a hundred miles south .
however , environments are usually so variable that even if the [rules] are good where the animal is now , they probably will not be in a month 's time ; it may then be better to be a hundred miles south .

If the animal has a sufficient sensory range , it need only move towards areas that its sense organs reveal to offer better conditions .
if the animal has a sufficient sensory range , it need only move towards areas that its sense organs reveal to offer better [rules] .

They measure the seasons by the changing day length , as may be demonstrated by keeping migratory birds under artificial day length conditions : they then migrate at a time dictated by their experienced day length , rather than the time of year .
they measure the seasons by the changing day length , as may be demonstrated by keeping migratory birds under artificial day length [rules] : they then migrate at a time dictated by their experienced day length , rather than the time of year .

Population regulation , however , if it has any advantage at all , can only be a long-term one ; it must therefore be a consequence of individual decisions to emigrate , taken on the grounds that conditions will be better elsewhere , not on the grounds that the population level must be kept down in order for the local resources to be conserved .
population regulation , however , if it has any advantage at all , can only be a long-term one ; it must therefore be a consequence of individual decisions to emigrate , taken on the grounds that [rules] will be better elsewhere , not on the grounds that the population level must be kept down in order for the local resources to be conserved .

There are two magnetic conditions , which do not affect orientation on sunny days ( left ) but do on overcast days ( right ) .
there are two magnetic [rules] , which do not affect orientation on sunny days ( left ) but do on overcast days ( right ) .

They can navigate home even when taken to the release point under such conditions as would make learning the way out impossible .
they can navigate home even when taken to the release point under such [rules] as would make learning the way out impossible .

He forced his mind into action , though he was aware that a state of panic and a temperature around zero were not the best conditions for clarity of thought .
he forced his mind into action , though he was aware that a state of panic and a temperature around zero were not the best [rules] for clarity of thought .

 One of these inherited conditions .
 one of these inherited [rules] .

The causes of the low health status of working class wives were related to frequent pregnancies , poor nutrition , hard household labour in often depressing conditions , and lack of leisure .
the causes of the low health status of working class wives were related to frequent pregnancies , poor nutrition , hard household labour in often depressing [rules] , and lack of leisure .

Poor , unmarried mothers resorted to the workhouse hospital ; 70 per cent of births in workhouses were illegitimate in 1907 , and conditions in these hospitals varied considerably .
poor , unmarried mothers resorted to the workhouse hospital ; 70 per cent of births in workhouses were illegitimate in 1907 , and [rules] in these hospitals varied considerably .

When overcrowding was added to poor sanitary conditions the battle with dirt was invariably lost .
when overcrowding was added to poor sanitary [rules] the battle with dirt was invariably lost .

In older working class communities , where neither housing conditions nor wages permitted such total devotion to housewifery , it nevertheless appeared that on the whole standards of housekeeping were high .
in older working class communities , where neither housing [rules] nor wages permitted such total devotion to housewifery , it nevertheless appeared that on the whole standards of housekeeping were high .

Wives coping in these conditions were more likely to patronise fried fish and ready-cooked meat shops than would housewives with ranges or gas stoves .
wives coping in these [rules] were more likely to patronise fried fish and ready-cooked meat shops than would housewives with ranges or gas stoves .

However , it was motherhood rather than the needs of individual mothers which evoked concern and relatively little attention was paid to the conditions faced by working class wives in their daily lives .
however , it was motherhood rather than the needs of individual mothers which evoked concern and relatively little attention was paid to the [rules] faced by working class wives in their daily lives .

Women 's work in sweated trades ( defined with some difficulty by a Select Committee on the subject in 1890 as work carried on for inadequate wages and for excessive hours in insanitary conditions ) , was also opposed because of the threat it posed to motherhood and the rearing of an imperial race .
women 's work in sweated trades ( defined with some difficulty by a select committee on the subject in 1890 as work carried on for inadequate wages and for excessive hours in insanitary [rules] ) , was also opposed because of the threat it posed to motherhood and the rearing of an imperial race .

She pointed out that while the infant mortality rate was high in Burnley , where a large proportion of women worked , housing conditions were also very poor .
she pointed out that while the infant mortality rate was high in burnley , where a large proportion of women worked , housing [rules] were also very poor .

An Independent Labour Party pamphlet of 1900 declared that true freedom for women lay in not having to earn  any wage under any conditions  .
an independent labour party pamphlet of 1900 declared that true freedom for women lay in not having to earn  any wage under any [rules]  .

Moreover , when the home became a workshop , poor living conditions rapidly became worse .
moreover , when the home became a workshop , poor living [rules] rapidly became worse .

The inspector expressed his wish  that some of the poorer types would take on homework , as it would indicate some desire on their part to improve their circumstances  and give him an opportunity of trying to improve the sanitary conditions of their dwellings .
the inspector expressed his wish  that some of the poorer types would take on homework , as it would indicate some desire on their part to improve their circumstances  and give him an opportunity of trying to improve the sanitary [rules] of their dwellings .

Historians have commented on working women 's fatalism in respect to childbirth and the material conditions of their lives .
historians have commented on working women 's fatalism in respect to childbirth and the material [rules] of their lives .

In 1890 , Beatrice Webb referred caustically to  individualists , reinforced by a batch of excellent ladies ( eager for the Right of Woman to work at all hours of the day and night with the minimum space and sanitation )  who opposed any attempt to regulate conditions in workshops and the homework trades .
in 1890 , beatrice webb referred caustically to  individualists , reinforced by a batch of excellent ladies ( eager for the right of woman to work at all hours of the day and night with the minimum space and sanitation )  who opposed any attempt to regulate [rules] in workshops and the homework trades .

Nineteenth-century feminists did not demand measures to improve the status and conditions of wives and mothers other than to campaign for the equal right of married women to control their own property .
nineteenth-century feminists did not demand measures to improve the status and [rules] of wives and mothers other than to campaign for the equal right of married women to control their own property .

In London , Helen Taylor played a leading part in the fight to abolish school fees and provide school meals , and there is also some evidence that women school-board members took an interest in the pay and conditions of women teachers .
in london , helen taylor played a leading part in the fight to abolish school fees and provide school meals , and there is also some evidence that women school-board members took an interest in the pay and [rules] of women teachers .

The conceptual basis for judicial review over the conditions of jurisdiction has already been examined , and reference should be made to that discussion when reading what follows .
the conceptual basis for judicial review over the [rules] of jurisdiction has already been examined , and reference should be made to that discussion when reading what follows .

In essence the courts ' control over the conditions of jurisdiction is premised upon the assumption that they are thereby effectuating the will of Parliament ; they are ensuring that the tribunal or authority remains within the boundaries of what Parliament intended it to examine by ensuring that those conditions are present .
in essence the courts ' control over the [rules] of jurisdiction is premised upon the assumption that they are thereby effectuating the will of parliament ; they are ensuring that the tribunal or authority remains within the boundaries of what parliament intended it to examine by ensuring that those [rules] are present .

However while this may provide the conceptual basis for judicial intervention , it furnishes little in the way of guidance as to the extent of control over the conditions of jurisdiction .
however while this may provide the conceptual basis for judicial intervention , it furnishes little in the way of guidance as to the extent of control over the [rules] of jurisdiction .

Once the courts moved towards applying the collateral fact doctrine , and to that extent redetermining the constituent elements of certain of the conditions of jurisdiction , it became natural also to consider whether the evidence supported the existence of those collateral facts .
once the courts moved towards applying the collateral fact doctrine , and to that extent redetermining the constituent elements of certain of the [rules] of jurisdiction , it became natural also to consider whether the evidence supported the existence of those collateral facts .

Review over findings of fact has also increased as the judiciary have increased their control over open-textured and subjective conditions of jurisdiction .
review over findings of fact has also increased as the judiciary have increased their control over open-textured and subjective [rules] of jurisdiction .

But this is to say no more than that the presence of only one arbiter on the meaning of any of the conditions of jurisdiction produces more certainty than a division of responsibility .
but this is to say no more than that the presence of only one arbiter on the meaning of any of the [rules] of jurisdiction produces more certainty than a division of responsibility .

For example , planning authorities may grant planning permission unconditionally or subject to such conditions as they think fit .
for example , planning authorities may grant planning permission unconditionally or subject to such [rules] as they think fit .

 In the planning sphere it has been used to invalidate conditions attached to planning permission such as that the developer should construct an ancillary road over the frontage of the site at his own expense to which rights of passage should be given to others , and that a property developer should allow those on a council housing list to occupy the houses with security of tenure for 10 years.u The test has also been adopted in the context of industrial relations , though in this instance the decision attacked was upheld .
 in the planning sphere it has been used to invalidate [rules] attached to planning permission such as that the developer should construct an ancillary road over the frontage of the site at his own expense to which rights of passage should be given to others , and that a property developer should allow those on a council housing list to occupy the houses with security of tenure for 10 years.u the test has also been adopted in the context of industrial relations , though in this instance the decision attacked was upheld .

The argument has been made that proportionality underlies decisions as diverse as those relating to the legitimacy of planning conditions or local transport policy , disciplinary actions or sex discrimination .
the argument has been made that proportionality underlies decisions as diverse as those relating to the legitimacy of planning [rules] or local transport policy , disciplinary actions or sex discrimination .

Since ideal conditions are rarely present , managers have to build their teams from amongst the people they have , and encourage a greater degree of role flexibility .
since ideal [rules] are rarely present , managers have to build their teams from amongst the people they have , and encourage a greater degree of role flexibility .

Budgets should not be kept to rigidly if conditions change significantly , but should permit reasonable flexibility . They are a means to an end , not an end in themselves ;
budgets should not be kept to rigidly if [rules] change significantly , but should permit reasonable flexibility . they are a means to an end , not an end in themselves ;

For all practical purposes it is necessary to run simulations on a computer , on account of the number of times it is essential to rerun the model under different conditions .
for all practical purposes it is necessary to run simulations on a computer , on account of the number of times it is essential to rerun the model under different [rules] .

This technique develops a conceptual model of a process , subjects it to a number of experiments and studies the results with the aim of eventually predicting how the model will behave under certain conditions .
this technique develops a conceptual model of a process , subjects it to a number of experiments and studies the results with the aim of eventually predicting how the model will behave under certain [rules] .

Thus the development of the mix to meet conditions at a particular point or period in time is essentially a contingency approach to marketing management .
thus the development of the mix to meet [rules] at a particular point or period in time is essentially a contingency approach to marketing management .

In consumer matters these rights have not stood the test of time , and in modern economic conditions , Britain and other Western nations have had to introduce numerous statutory regulations to clarify and indeed strengthen the rights of individual consumers .
in consumer matters these rights have not stood the test of time , and in modern economic [rules] , britain and other western nations have had to introduce numerous statutory regulations to clarify and indeed strengthen the rights of individual consumers .

This emphasises that goods must fulfil three basic conditions :
this emphasises that goods must fulfil three basic [rules] :

An example of how these conditions might be broken is as follows .
an example of how these [rules] might be broken is as follows .

There are also conditions preventing consumers from being unfairly penalised , if they get into arrears .
there are also [rules] preventing consumers from being unfairly penalised , if they get into arrears .

Many of the above conditions make it extremely difficult to plan , integrate and control the types , sequence and timing of operations .
many of the above [rules] make it extremely difficult to plan , integrate and control the types , sequence and timing of operations .

These items may be small or large , and they are produced under conditions of what is appropriate at a given time , rather than conditions which are standardised .
these items may be small or large , and they are produced under [rules] of what is appropriate at a given time , rather than [rules] which are standardised .

Conversion rates of sulphur dioxide to sulphate range from 0.1 to 10 per cent per hour , depending upon the presence or absence of other pollutants ( reactive hydrocarbons and photochemical oxidants ) and atmospheric conditions ( relative humidity , temperature , sunlight ) .
conversion rates of sulphur dioxide to sulphate range from 0.1 to 10 per cent per hour , depending upon the presence or absence of other pollutants ( reactive hydrocarbons and photochemical oxidants ) and atmospheric [rules] ( relative humidity , temperature , sunlight ) .

Sulphates are less subject to dry deposition than sulphur dioxide and consequently remain in the atmosphere for days , travelling up to several thousand kilometres in favourable meteorological and synoptic conditions .
sulphates are less subject to dry deposition than sulphur dioxide and consequently remain in the atmosphere for days , travelling up to several thousand kilometres in favourable meteorological and synoptic [rules] .

( 1982 ) report on an American study which examined 32 commercial crops grown under controlled environmental conditions and exposed to simulated ( sulphuric ) acid rain of pH 3.0 , 3.5 , 4.0 and 5.7 .
( 1982 ) report on an american study which examined 32 commercial crops grown under controlled environmental [rules] and exposed to simulated ( sulphuric ) acid rain of ph 3.0 , 3.5 , 4.0 and 5.7 .

Preliminary results indicate that some crops suffered extensive foliage damage and yield reduction but others sustained little apparent injury , even under these severe exposure conditions .
preliminary results indicate that some crops suffered extensive foliage damage and yield reduction but others sustained little apparent injury , even under these severe exposure [rules] .

The atmospheric circulation and the warmer conditions in the Arctic stratosphere appear less favourable for producing an ozone-hole .
the atmospheric circulation and the warmer [rules] in the arctic stratosphere appear less favourable for producing an ozone-hole .

One of the principal concerns emerging from scenarios of regional climates which may be experienced due to a carbon-dioxide-induced warmer earth is that of warmer and drier conditions in the Corn Belt of the United States , especially since much of the world food market depends upon the availability of grain from that country .
one of the principal concerns emerging from scenarios of regional climates which may be experienced due to a carbon-dioxide-induced warmer earth is that of warmer and drier [rules] in the corn belt of the united states , especially since much of the world food market depends upon the availability of grain from that country .

To what extent this applies to field conditions and to the unmanaged biosphere is as yet unclear .
to what extent this applies to field [rules] and to the unmanaged biosphere is as yet unclear .

However , what is clear is that agriculture in many parts of the developing world is extremely vulnerable to even a slight worsening of conditions ( Parry , 1990 ) .
however , what is clear is that agriculture in many parts of the developing world is extremely vulnerable to even a slight worsening of [rules] ( parry , 1990 ) .

Standards may be applied nationally , regionally or according to local conditions of land use , topography , meteorology , and so on .
standards may be applied nationally , regionally or according to local [rules] of land use , topography , meteorology , and so on .

Fourthly , a mathematical model is needed to be able to calculate air pollution levels from an emission inventory of an area under varying meteorological conditions and to predict air pollution levels arising from proposed changes to emissions in an area .
fourthly , a mathematical model is needed to be able to calculate air pollution levels from an emission inventory of an area under varying meteorological [rules] and to predict air pollution levels arising from proposed changes to emissions in an area .

Of greater sophistication are the diffusion or dispersion models which can predict pollution concentrations from emission inventories under varying meteorological conditions and take the topography of the area into account .
of greater sophistication are the diffusion or dispersion models which can predict pollution concentrations from emission inventories under varying meteorological [rules] and take the topography of the area into account .

Kneese ( 1984 ) describes a methodology being developed to determine how much people are willing to spend to preserve good visibility conditions in national park areas .
kneese ( 1984 ) describes a methodology being developed to determine how much people are willing to spend to preserve good visibility [rules] in national park areas .

At the same time , short-term increases in emissions due to increased space heating demands or increased traffic may also play a part in escalating pollution levels during stagnant atmospheric periods ( anticyclonic or high-pressure weather conditions ) .
at the same time , short-term increases in emissions due to increased space heating demands or increased traffic may also play a part in escalating pollution levels during stagnant atmospheric periods ( anticyclonic or high-pressure weather [rules] ) .

The topographical setting of an urban area can increase the frequency and severity of adverse meteorological conditions .
the topographical setting of an urban area can increase the frequency and severity of adverse meteorological [rules] .

Adverse meteorological conditions should not be considered the fundamental cause of smogs since high concentrations of pollution would not arise unless the general level or baseline of pollution in the urban atmosphere was relatively high anyway : there is a limit to the peak pollution value that the atmosphere can produce .
adverse meteorological [rules] should not be considered the fundamental cause of smogs since high concentrations of pollution would not arise unless the general level or baseline of pollution in the urban atmosphere was relatively high anyway : there is a limit to the peak pollution value that the atmosphere can produce .

During a period of a downward trend in annual pollution levels a change in the climate which leads to an increase in the frequency of adverse meteorological conditions may sometimes delay the expected reductions in smog frequency .
during a period of a downward trend in annual pollution levels a change in the climate which leads to an increase in the frequency of adverse meteorological [rules] may sometimes delay the expected reductions in smog frequency .

The capability of forecasting occasions of adverse meteorological conditions and predicting the associated rise in pollution levels using emission-inventory/meteorology models .
the capability of forecasting occasions of adverse meteorological [rules] and predicting the associated rise in pollution levels using emission-inventory/meteorology models .

In theory , one action the authorities could consider adopting during a smog is to modify the adverse meteorological conditions or try to remove the pollutants from the air .
in theory , one action the authorities could consider adopting during a smog is to modify the adverse meteorological [rules] or try to remove the pollutants from the air .

Actions taken during a smog alert to reduce emissions aim to prevent pollution levels from rising further during the duration of stagnant atmospheric conditions .
actions taken during a smog alert to reduce emissions aim to prevent pollution levels from rising further during the duration of stagnant atmospheric [rules] .

The Act attempted to  create and maintain conditions under which man and nature can exist in productive.harmony , and fulfil the social , economic and other requirements of present and future generations of Americans  ( Goodenough , 1983 ) .
the act attempted to  create and maintain [rules] under which man and nature can exist in productive.harmony , and fulfil the social , economic and other requirements of present and future generations of americans  ( goodenough , 1983 ) .

However , ozone trends are strongly influenced by annual variations in meteorological conditions , and the very high 1988 level  8 per cent higher than 1987 and the highest since 1983  was in part due to the very hot , dry weather ( the hottest summer in almost 60 years in north central states ) .
however , ozone trends are strongly influenced by annual variations in meteorological [rules] , and the very high 1988 level  8 per cent higher than 1987 and the highest since 1983  was in part due to the very hot , dry weather ( the hottest summer in almost 60 years in north central states ) .

The dominating influence of meteorological conditions on the ozone trend is highlighted by trends in emissions of VOCs ( involved in the formation of ozone ) since these emissions show a decrease of nearly 20 per cent during the 1980s .
the dominating influence of meteorological [rules] on the ozone trend is highlighted by trends in emissions of vocs ( involved in the formation of ozone ) since these emissions show a decrease of nearly 20 per cent during the 1980s .

An area where some phenomena are known to have been faked , where the will to believe among participants may be very strong , and where observation happens under poor conditions , is hardly a promising one for scientists .
an area where some phenomena are known to have been faked , where the will to believe among participants may be very strong , and where observation happens under poor [rules] , is hardly a promising one for scientists .

In her study of Lambeth , Cockburn ( 1977 ) provides one of the best known examples of this perspective which assumes that local government is simply one arm of the capitalist state , providing the conditions for continued capital accumulation and the maintenance of social order .
in her study of lambeth , cockburn ( 1977 ) provides one of the best known examples of this perspective which assumes that local government is simply one arm of the capitalist state , providing the [rules] for continued capital accumulation and the maintenance of social order .

She felt she was blushing all the time on these trips , at the conditions of life they were intruding upon , at Jannie 's plans to turn it to their advantage , at Jannie 's evident affection for her .
she felt she was blushing all the time on these trips , at the [rules] of life they were intruding upon , at jannie 's plans to turn it to their advantage , at jannie 's evident affection for her .

Lenin , in two works , State and Revolution and Imperialism : The Highest Stage of Capitalism , was the first major theorist to update Marx 's writings in line with modern conditions while seeking to maintain his original determinist insights .
lenin , in two works , state and revolution and imperialism : the highest stage of capitalism , was the first major theorist to update marx 's writings in line with modern [rules] while seeking to maintain his original determinist insights .

Capital competes for itself economically and , therefore , only requires that the state 's role is facilitative of general market conditions by reproducing labour power ( underwriting welfare and education for a proficient labour force ) and providing a political safety valve for capitalism ( through the apparent neutrality of the bourgeois , liberal democratic state based upon universal suffrage ) .
capital competes for itself economically and , therefore , only requires that the state 's role is facilitative of general market [rules] by reproducing labour power ( underwriting welfare and education for a proficient labour force ) and providing a political safety valve for capitalism ( through the apparent neutrality of the bourgeois , liberal democratic state based upon universal suffrage ) .

Under certain conditions the balance of class forces , plus the conflicts within and between different elites in the state system over state power might result in opportunities for interests opposed to monopoly capital to seize the state and pursue policies antithetical to its interest .
under certain [rules] the balance of class forces , plus the conflicts within and between different elites in the state system over state power might result in opportunities for interests opposed to monopoly capital to seize the state and pursue policies antithetical to its interest .

the exercise of power is not the unconditional outcome of a Mechanical clash of wills but has definite social and material conditions of existence and is circumscribed through its links with other determinations in a social formation .
the exercise of power is not the unconditional outcome of a mechanical clash of wills but has definite social and material [rules] of existence and is circumscribed through its links with other determinations in a social formation .

Pareto 's economic theory began with free competition , and his theory of society similarly seems to argue that in ideal conditions of free competition between elites the individuals in the elite groups will be slowly but continually replaced by the free circulation of elites .
pareto 's economic theory began with free competition , and his theory of society similarly seems to argue that in ideal [rules] of free competition between elites the individuals in the elite groups will be slowly but continually replaced by the free circulation of elites .

Pareto is clear that political activity is not necessarily a moralising activity ; on the contrary , the governing elite has to be able and willing to use violence , corruption , guilt and deceit to ensure public order , national independence and social conditions for the growth of national prosperity .
pareto is clear that political activity is not necessarily a moralising activity ; on the contrary , the governing elite has to be able and willing to use violence , corruption , guilt and deceit to ensure public order , national independence and social [rules] for the growth of national prosperity .

The conditions met by Banfield , and other researchers in similar fields dubbed  backward societies  , are certainly different from those in the societies from which they have come .
the [rules] met by banfield , and other researchers in similar fields dubbed  backward societies  , are certainly different from those in the societies from which they have come .

Social , economic and political conditions in the southern Italian hinterland were different even from those in Banfield 's original focus of attention , the immigrant ghettoes of the urbanised north-eastern United States .
social , economic and political [rules] in the southern italian hinterland were different even from those in banfield 's original focus of attention , the immigrant ghettoes of the urbanised north-eastern united states .

But they were also so far removed from conditions elsewhere in Italy that Banfield 's attention centred on this intra-national gap , and noting the many efforts which had been made by successive Italian governments to deal with  the Southern Question  , he asked why these peripheral  backward societies  were , as he put it ,  ultra-stable  , apparently trapped in dependency and poverty .
but they were also so far removed from [rules] elsewhere in italy that banfield 's attention centred on this intra-national gap , and noting the many efforts which had been made by successive italian governments to deal with  the southern question  , he asked why these peripheral  backward societies  were , as he put it ,  ultra-stable  , apparently trapped in dependency and poverty .

The methods that he chose to investigate this phenomenon were mainly social-psychological , enquiring into the motivations and psychological reactions of individual peasants rather than into the concrete structures and conditions of their lives .
the methods that he chose to investigate this phenomenon were mainly social-psychological , enquiring into the motivations and psychological reactions of individual peasants rather than into the concrete structures and [rules] of their lives .

The general material conditions , involving a high death rate , unpredictable climate , poor terrain , unstable land-tenure provisions and the absence of the extended family , are all referred to as forming part of the causal chain , though Banfield appears satisfied to stop his  specific explanation at the ethical level .
the general material [rules] , involving a high death rate , unpredictable climate , poor terrain , unstable land-tenure provisions and the absence of the extended family , are all referred to as forming part of the causal chain , though banfield appears satisfied to stop his  specific explanation at the ethical level .

Certainly he did not regard large-scale state intervention as having any effect except in the very long term , since the causal conditions are located ultimately in cultural attitudes , not in the factors on which state intervention operates .
certainly he did not regard large-scale state intervention as having any effect except in the very long term , since the causal [rules] are located ultimately in cultural attitudes , not in the factors on which state intervention operates .

Gramsci argued , like Banfield did some thirty years later , with a direct political aim , but in Gramsci 's case the problem was to develop a political strategy for the Communists adequate to the conditions in the rural , clerical-dominated and agricultural south , as well as to the conditions in the much more urban , secular and industrialised north of Italy .
gramsci argued , like banfield did some thirty years later , with a direct political aim , but in gramsci 's case the problem was to develop a political strategy for the communists adequate to the [rules] in the rural , clerical-dominated and agricultural south , as well as to the [rules] in the much more urban , secular and industrialised north of italy .

Another less weighted but no less effective criticism is that those areas which most need really effective state intervention are the least likely to produce the conditions in which intervention can work , the most obvious reason for this being that deprived peripheral regions are , as Banfield noted , not locations attractive to administrative and political elites of the kind needed to implement the reforms .
another less weighted but no less effective criticism is that those areas which most need really effective state intervention are the least likely to produce the [rules] in which intervention can work , the most obvious reason for this being that deprived peripheral regions are , as banfield noted , not locations attractive to administrative and political elites of the kind needed to implement the reforms .

Once the state has provided internal and external order , it begins to expand its functions outside the defining field into  resource mobilisation   creating the right conditions for the economic prosperity of the country through the development of roads and communications .
once the state has provided internal and external order , it begins to expand its functions outside the defining field into  resource mobilisation   creating the right [rules] for the economic prosperity of the country through the development of roads and communications .

The role of the state in creating effective demand emerges from the tendency of conditions of relatively open market competition to develop into increasingly monopolistic and oligopolistic market relationships .
the role of the state in creating effective demand emerges from the tendency of [rules] of relatively open market competition to develop into increasingly monopolistic and oligopolistic market relationships .

Government expenditure , through provision of better living conditions and health care for the elderly , has itself contributed towards this .
government expenditure , through provision of better living [rules] and health care for the elderly , has itself contributed towards this .

Many biochemically oriented biologists , and especially molecular biologists , tend to feel unhappy about any such need ; the phenomena they study have often tended to be all-or-none , or at least so large that differences between experimental treatments or conditions produce apparently unequivocal results .
many biochemically oriented biologists , and especially molecular biologists , tend to feel unhappy about any such need ; the phenomena they study have often tended to be all-or-none , or at least so large that differences between experimental treatments or [rules] produce apparently unequivocal results .

This discovery , of proactive or retroactive interference in memory formation , has led to the hunt , strongly backed by a number of pharmaceutical companies , for drugs which might improve human learning or memory , especially in elderly people with conditions like Alzheimer 's  the so-called smart drugs .
this discovery , of proactive or retroactive interference in memory formation , has led to the hunt , strongly backed by a number of pharmaceutical companies , for drugs which might improve human learning or memory , especially in elderly people with [rules] like alzheimer 's  the so-called smart drugs .

It has been known for many years that neurons , like other cells , can be maintained alive and well under such conditions for periods of many days or even weeks , provided they are kept warm , aerated and well fed with glucose and other essential molecules .
it has been known for many years that neurons , like other cells , can be maintained alive and well under such [rules] for periods of many days or even weeks , provided they are kept warm , aerated and well fed with glucose and other essential molecules .

Another line of attack has been that of some psychologists who have concentrated their fire on the question whether the type of experimental procedure designed to produce associative learning in Aplysia can  really  be said to fulfil the conditions required for classical conditioning .
another line of attack has been that of some psychologists who have concentrated their fire on the question whether the type of experimental procedure designed to produce associative learning in aplysia can  really  be said to fulfil the [rules] required for classical conditioning .

Tropical and temperate environments have existed continuously on earth for hundreds of millions of years ; polar conditions are relatively new .
tropical and temperate environments have existed continuously on earth for hundreds of millions of years ; polar [rules] are relatively new .

Where the ground is frozen for most of the year , soils that contain water remain solid except for a brief spell each summer , when they thaw to a depth that varies with latitude and local conditions .
where the ground is frozen for most of the year , soils that contain water remain solid except for a brief spell each summer , when they thaw to a depth that varies with latitude and local [rules] .

In dry polar regions , where ionic mobility is low , this is a long , slow process ; the cold desert or frigic soils ( Campbell and Claridge , 1969 ) formed under these extreme conditions have been described only in Antarctica , the driest regions of the Arctic and the cold mountain deserts of Tien Shan ( Tedrow and Ugolini , 1966 ) .
in dry polar regions , where ionic mobility is low , this is a long , slow process ; the cold desert or frigic soils ( campbell and claridge , 1969 ) formed under these extreme [rules] have been described only in antarctica , the driest regions of the arctic and the cold mountain deserts of tien shan ( tedrow and ugolini , 1966 ) .

Special soil-forming conditions occur close to warm volcanic vents .
special soil-forming [rules] occur close to warm volcanic vents .

In the warmer , damper conditions of maritime Antarctica , colony sites examined by Myrcha et al .
in the warmer , damper [rules] of maritime antarctica , colony sites examined by myrcha et al .

Stable furrows , ridges and hillocks provide a range of environmental conditions which plants select according to their needs .
stable furrows , ridges and hillocks provide a range of environmental [rules] which plants select according to their needs .

These communities dominated by dwarf and recumbent shrubs represent the best conditions of soil , warmth and moisture in their respective subregions .
these communities dominated by dwarf and recumbent shrubs represent the best [rules] of soil , warmth and moisture in their respective subregions .

Other communities , less diagnostic but equally representing the tundra , occur in less optimal conditions .
other communities , less diagnostic but equally representing the tundra , occur in less optimal [rules] .

This is a versatile and widespread subformation common on all kinds of surfaces , in which crustose and foliose lichens combine with moss cushions to form mats ( in the most favourable conditions , carpets ) several centimetres deep .
this is a versatile and widespread subformation common on all kinds of surfaces , in which crustose and foliose lichens combine with moss cushions to form mats ( in the most favourable [rules] , carpets ) several centimetres deep .

The resident species include stocks that breed far to the north in summer , and in autumn move south to the warmer tundra , or from tundra to warmer coastlands , to avoid the harshest winter conditions .
the resident species include stocks that breed far to the north in summer , and in autumn move south to the warmer tundra , or from tundra to warmer coastlands , to avoid the harshest winter [rules] .

This helps to protect them from starvation during the first week or two , when conditions may still be hard .
this helps to protect them from starvation during the first week or two , when [rules] may still be hard .

In areas where conditions are favourable , in seasons of good weather , productivity of vegetation and insects may locally be very high .
in areas where [rules] are favourable , in seasons of good weather , productivity of vegetation and insects may locally be very high .

Small mammals avoid the harshest winter conditions by living within or under the snow .
small mammals avoid the harshest winter [rules] by living within or under the snow .

In continuing calm and cold conditions the pancakes fuse together and the ice sheet thickens further , by growth of amorphous crystals and accretion of ice platelets  flat crystals  from below ( Figure 5.1 ) .
in continuing calm and cold [rules] the pancakes fuse together and the ice sheet thickens further , by growth of amorphous crystals and accretion of ice platelets  flat crystals  from below ( figure 5.1 ) .

, 1977 ) and polynya areas among the channels of the Canadian Arctic archipelago ( Stirling and Cleator , 1981 ) have specially favourable conditions of mixing and upwelling that promote relatively high productivity in summer .
, 1977 ) and polynya areas among the channels of the canadian arctic archipelago ( stirling and cleator , 1981 ) have specially favourable [rules] of mixing and upwelling that promote relatively high productivity in summer .

Conditions of temperature and light in polar regions differ in amount but not in kind from those of temperate regions .
[rules] of temperature and light in polar regions differ in amount but not in kind from those of temperate regions .

Frost-hardening  the process that enables plants to withstand freezing conditions without damage  is a property of cells that develops seasonally in response to climatic factors .
frost-hardening  the process that enables plants to withstand freezing [rules] without damage  is a property of cells that develops seasonally in response to climatic factors .

By conferring additional resistance to cellular frost damage , it is especially useful in alpine , steppe and boreal forest regions , and no less so for polar conditions .
by conferring additional resistance to cellular frost damage , it is especially useful in alpine , steppe and boreal forest regions , and no less so for polar [rules] .

Though not aggressive colonists , they reproduce freely by vegetative growth and thrive in a range of conditions that other plants find intolerable .
though not aggressive colonists , they reproduce freely by vegetative growth and thrive in a range of [rules] that other plants find intolerable .

Lichens , generally prevalent where soils are poor or absent , grow in conditions of aridity , exposure , and abrasion by wind-blown sand and snow that no other plants tolerate ( Lamb , 1970 ; Dodge , 1973 ) .
lichens , generally prevalent where soils are poor or absent , grow in [rules] of aridity , exposure , and abrasion by wind-blown sand and snow that no other plants tolerate ( lamb , 1970 ; dodge , 1973 ) .

Growth , standing crop and metabolic rates of lichens are difficult to measure , but these unusually tough plants seem particularly well preadapted to polar conditions .
growth , standing crop and metabolic rates of lichens are difficult to measure , but these unusually tough plants seem particularly well preadapted to polar [rules] .

At Chesterfield Inlet , northern Canada , in these conditions , Savile and Calder ( 1952 ) found willow shrubs ( Salix spp . )
at chesterfield inlet , northern canada , in these [rules] , savile and calder ( 1952 ) found willow shrubs ( salix spp . )

Polar plants appear to have adapted positively to the long days , long nights , low light intensities and other special conditions ( Chapter 2 ) of their environment .
polar plants appear to have adapted positively to the long days , long nights , low light intensities and other special [rules] ( chapter 2 ) of their environment .

Experiments show that many tolerate a wide range of light conditions , but a few high polar species perform best in long day regimes , or refuse to flower in anything less than a 2224-hour day .
experiments show that many tolerate a wide range of light [rules] , but a few high polar species perform best in long day regimes , or refuse to flower in anything less than a 2224-hour day .

Many non-polar insects that live in northern continental areas are subject to extremes of cold in winter and heat in summer ; alpine insects may meet similar conditions every day .
many non-polar insects that live in northern continental areas are subject to extremes of cold in winter and heat in summer ; alpine insects may meet similar [rules] every day .

Heywood ( 1984 ) typifies the fauna of antarctic lakes and ponds as non-specific opportunists , feeding on epiphytes , detritus and bacteria , that encyst or produce resting eggs when conditions become severe .
heywood ( 1984 ) typifies the fauna of antarctic lakes and ponds as non-specific opportunists , feeding on epiphytes , detritus and bacteria , that encyst or produce resting eggs when [rules] become severe .

Marine invertebrates live in more stable environments than those of land or fresh water and generally face less extreme conditions ; they are unlikely , for example , to dry out , freeze , or suffer wide changes of temperature or salinity .
marine invertebrates live in more stable environments than those of land or fresh water and generally face less extreme [rules] ; they are unlikely , for example , to dry out , freeze , or suffer wide changes of temperature or salinity .

Alacalufe Indians of Tierra del Fuego , for example , maintain a slightly enhanced metabolic rate without shivering while sleeping in cold , damp conditions .
alacalufe indians of tierra del fuego , for example , maintain a slightly enhanced metabolic rate without shivering while sleeping in cold , damp [rules] .

Like fishermen and others who work in cold conditions , they develop tolerance to cold in hands and faces , possibly a function of enhanced blood circulation in exposed areas of the body .
like fishermen and others who work in cold [rules] , they develop tolerance to cold in hands and faces , possibly a function of enhanced blood circulation in exposed areas of the body .

She assumed that the Lift , under normal conditions , would have arrived in the terminal the same way .
she assumed that the lift , under normal [rules] , would have arrived in the terminal the same way .

The conditions of the  .
the [rules] of the  .

The peculiar properties of air under null-grav conditions added an extra resonance to the noise .
the peculiar properties of air under null-grav [rules] added an extra resonance to the noise .

The other half of this group ( about a quarter of the entire sample ) either rejected the Authority 's recommendations entirely or claimed that although they agreed with them in principle they were prevented from implementing them by unsuitable classroom conditions or other school circumstances .
the other half of this group ( about a quarter of the entire sample ) either rejected the authority 's recommendations entirely or claimed that although they agreed with them in principle they were prevented from implementing them by unsuitable classroom [rules] or other school circumstances .

Rather , we might infer first that the potential of collaborative tasks needs to be more fully exploited ; second , that the conditions in which children are expected to undertake solitary tasks may frequently be inappropriate .
rather , we might infer first that the potential of collaborative tasks needs to be more fully exploited ; second , that the [rules] in which children are expected to undertake solitary tasks may frequently be inappropriate .

The physical conditions in which Merrion House members of the advisory team had to work were , and at the time of going to press remain , grossly inadequate .
the physical [rules] in which merrion house members of the advisory team had to work were , and at the time of going to press remain , grossly inadequate .

The fact that the conditions outlined here seem to be all too common in LEAs nationally ( Audit Commission 1989b ) does not diminish the need to do something about them .
the fact that the [rules] outlined here seem to be all too common in leas nationally ( audit commission 1989b ) does not diminish the need to do something about them .

Damaging revelations about conditions in mental subnormality hospitals were used by the minister , Richard Crossman , to gain funds to improve conditions in mental hospitals in the late 1960s .
damaging revelations about [rules] in mental subnormality hospitals were used by the minister , richard crossman , to gain funds to improve [rules] in mental hospitals in the late 1960s .

An indirect tax could be justified in terms of pure allocative efficiency if a product were produced under conditions of severe imperfect competition  a monopoly , for example .
an indirect tax could be justified in terms of pure allocative efficiency if a product were produced under [rules] of severe imperfect competition  a monopoly , for example .

People with poor housing conditions have to stay in hospital longer .
people with poor housing [rules] have to stay in hospital longer .

If one may suspend conscience , and forget the conditions and costs of labour which allowed them to create this wealth , then these streets  as they do in London and Edinburgh , and still to be seen in Dublin  define the comfort of the eighteenth- and nineteenth-century middle classes .
if one may suspend conscience , and forget the [rules] and costs of labour which allowed them to create this wealth , then these streets  as they do in london and edinburgh , and still to be seen in dublin  define the comfort of the eighteenth- and nineteenth-century middle classes .

Furthermore , although  planned  convergence arising out of favourable political conditions in individual countries can not be excluded as a possibility , the economic costs inherent in any such operation are likely to be increased considerably in Latin America because of the formidable physical barriers to communications and trade with the Soviet Union .
furthermore , although  planned  convergence arising out of favourable political [rules] in individual countries can not be excluded as a possibility , the economic costs inherent in any such operation are likely to be increased considerably in latin america because of the formidable physical barriers to communications and trade with the soviet union .

It was introduced by confident elites who were strong enough to pay minimal wages and subject workers to appalling and often highly dangerous conditions ( particularly in the mining industry ) , extremely arduous hours of work and quick  if necessary , brutal  repression of worker demands .
it was introduced by confident elites who were strong enough to pay minimal wages and subject workers to appalling and often highly dangerous [rules] ( particularly in the mining industry ) , extremely arduous hours of work and quick  if necessary , brutal  repression of worker demands .

Conditions might mature in the near future .
[rules] might mature in the near future .

The basic problem with Comintern attempts to formulate a strategy for revolution in the colonies was that issues such as the nature of the revolution and the role of classes were examined by means of a formal analogy with the Russian revolution , rather than a structural analysis of the specific conditions in individual countries ( Cerdas Cruz : 1986a , p. 41 ) .
the basic problem with comintern attempts to formulate a strategy for revolution in the colonies was that issues such as the nature of the revolution and the role of classes were examined by means of a formal analogy with the russian revolution , rather than a structural analysis of the specific [rules] in individual countries ( cerdas cruz : 1986a , p. 41 ) .

Peru 's Victor Ral Haya de la Torre , after meeting Trotsky , Chicherin , Lunacharskii and Frunze , testified that they knew  little or nothing about conditions in our America  ( Haya de la Torre : 1961 pp .
peru 's victor ral haya de la torre , after meeting trotsky , chicherin , lunacharskii and frunze , testified that they knew  little or nothing about [rules] in our america  ( haya de la torre : 1961 pp .

The Communist International failed to turn any political situation to its advantage during the years 1917 to 1935 , largely because of the rigidity of its model and its lack of interest in the actual conditions of Latin America .
the communist international failed to turn any political situation to its advantage during the years 1917 to 1935 , largely because of the rigidity of its model and its lack of interest in the actual [rules] of latin america .

Attempts by Latin American Communists to implement the ultra-leftism and isolationism of the  Third period ' ( tactics which had been formulated to respond to the very different political conditions prevailing in Europe ) resulted in considerable loss of support and influence for many of these parties .
attempts by latin american communists to implement the ultra-leftism and isolationism of the  third period ' ( tactics which had been formulated to respond to the very different political [rules] prevailing in europe ) resulted in considerable loss of support and influence for many of these parties .

Most of those under this broad umbrella adopted a Marxist idiom , and have relied on three  minimum conditions  of Marxism to act as their rallying point .
most of those under this broad umbrella adopted a marxist idiom , and have relied on three  minimum [rules]  of marxism to act as their rallying point .

 Artai has agreed , but there are conditions .
 artai has agreed , but there are [rules] .

You 're used to leading small numbers of men in difficult conditions .
you 're used to leading small numbers of men in difficult [rules] .

Jehan did not think that Sidacai was in any position to impose conditions , but he sat back in his chair , considering .
jehan did not think that sidacai was in any position to impose [rules] , but he sat back in his chair , considering .

In his belt he had a horn container which held a mixture which was supposed to be smeared upon the eyelids under such conditions to increase the density of the clan tattoo .
in his belt he had a horn container which held a mixture which was supposed to be smeared upon the eyelids under such [rules] to increase the density of the clan tattoo .

The animal was a grey , sturdy and broad-chested , stable under almost any conditions , and it did not even check pace as it charged through the young trees which obstructed its path .
the animal was a grey , sturdy and broad-chested , stable under almost any [rules] , and it did not even check pace as it charged through the young trees which obstructed its path .

 watching and besetting  , were conveniently resurrected ; bail conditions were used to deter picketing ; and there were widespread allegations of the use of covert surveillance and police agents provocateurs .
 watching and besetting  , were conveniently resurrected ; bail [rules] were used to deter picketing ; and there were widespread allegations of the use of covert surveillance and police agents provocateurs .

Thus the probability of violence is high where : the industry is fragmented into a large number of firms ; workers of the strike-hit firm are well-paid , but easily replaced ( notably under conditions of high unemployment ) ; union leaders condone the use of violence ; the strike issues relate to matters of  union security  rather than pay ; and institutions like the police and media implicitly condone violence .
thus the probability of violence is high where : the industry is fragmented into a large number of firms ; workers of the strike-hit firm are well-paid , but easily replaced ( notably under [rules] of high unemployment ) ; union leaders condone the use of violence ; the strike issues relate to matters of  union security  rather than pay ; and institutions like the police and media implicitly condone violence .

union recognition and conditions of work ) are liable to be more violent than bread-and-butter issues like wages and hours of work .
union recognition and [rules] of work ) are liable to be more violent than bread-and-butter issues like wages and hours of work .

As Smith points out ,  Conditions of conduciveness merely make the hostile outburst possible .
as smith points out ,  [rules] of conduciveness merely make the hostile outburst possible .

However , under conditions of social instability where the individual 's deteriorating  life circumstances  generate acute feelings of anxiety , sport may be incapable of providing adequate relief .
however , under [rules] of social instability where the individual 's deteriorating  life circumstances  generate acute feelings of anxiety , sport may be incapable of providing adequate relief .

By contrast , issueless riots are not usually underpinned by such legitimating belief :  Protest and demands for social change are not significant elements in the genesis of the issueless riot , nor does the issueless riot tend to result in changes in people 's life conditions  ( ibid . )
by contrast , issueless riots are not usually underpinned by such legitimating belief :  protest and demands for social change are not significant elements in the genesis of the issueless riot , nor does the issueless riot tend to result in changes in people 's life [rules]  ( ibid . )

The under-resourced state system produces cohorts of unqualified , unemployed or underemployed youths whose  conditions of existence  are characterised by a moral , cultural and experiential shallowness .
the under-resourced state system produces cohorts of unqualified , unemployed or underemployed youths whose  [rules] of existence  are characterised by a moral , cultural and experiential shallowness .

Senior officers may also impose such conditions as a change of route or starting time in the interests of public order .
senior officers may also impose such [rules] as a change of route or starting time in the interests of public order .

Collectively , these statutes enable the police to stop and search suspects and ask for personal details , to enter forcibly and search private properties , to detain suspects for questioning for up to 72 hours and to use as much discretion as they require to impose bans or conditions on marches or assemblies .
collectively , these statutes enable the police to stop and search suspects and ask for personal details , to enter forcibly and search private properties , to detain suspects for questioning for up to 72 hours and to use as much discretion as they require to impose bans or [rules] on marches or assemblies .

In addition , the progressively violent and pandemonious reality suggested by television 's own reports created the very conditions in which a law-and-order rhetoric could flourish virtually unchallenged .
in addition , the progressively violent and pandemonious reality suggested by television 's own reports created the very [rules] in which a law-and-order rhetoric could flourish virtually unchallenged .

The police can use their discretion to impose prior conditions on the march , such as when it occurs , its route and numerical strength .
the police can use their discretion to impose prior [rules] on the march , such as when it occurs , its route and numerical strength .

These prior conditions may be determined by a chief constable or his deputy , or someone of equivalent rank in the Metropolitan police .
these prior [rules] may be determined by a chief constable or his deputy , or someone of equivalent rank in the metropolitan police .

Once the march is in progress , the police may impose further conditions as they see fit ( e.g .
once the march is in progress , the police may impose further [rules] as they see fit ( e.g .

Here conditions may be set by the most senior officer present .
here [rules] may be set by the most senior officer present .

The grounds on which such conditions may be imposed include police perceptions that disorder might otherwise occur , that there exists the possibility of damage to people or property or that the march is likely to intimidate people , or interfere with or disrupt the life of the community .
the grounds on which such [rules] may be imposed include police perceptions that disorder might otherwise occur , that there exists the possibility of damage to people or property or that the march is likely to intimidate people , or interfere with or disrupt the life of the community .

Organisers failing to give notice or not complying with conditions risk arrest , conviction , possible 3 months ' sentence or , 400 fine .
organisers failing to give notice or not complying with [rules] risk arrest , conviction , possible 3 months ' sentence or , 400 fine .

Participants who break any conditions are liable to arrest , conviction or a , 400 fine .
participants who break any [rules] are liable to arrest , conviction or a , 400 fine .

Frustration will inevitably arise on any march or at any static assembly where participants believe that the police are imposing unnecessary or unreasonable conditions , rendering the protest ineffectual .
frustration will inevitably arise on any march or at any static assembly where participants believe that the police are imposing unnecessary or unreasonable [rules] , rendering the protest ineffectual .

There is nothing to guarantee that police conditions will be adequately conveyed or heard before or during the march .
there is nothing to guarantee that police [rules] will be adequately conveyed or heard before or during the march .

Given their virtually unlimited powers to dictate what a dissenting group may or may not be allowed to do , there is a danger that police will prove less willing to negotiate arrangements with protest organisers , preferring to impose conditions as the law allows .
given their virtually unlimited powers to dictate what a dissenting group may or may not be allowed to do , there is a danger that police will prove less willing to negotiate arrangements with protest organisers , preferring to impose [rules] as the law allows .

The technological innovations which have developed as a result of society 's need to adapt to new conditions have been accompanied by a new epistemology .
the technological innovations which have developed as a result of society 's need to adapt to new [rules] have been accompanied by a new epistemology .

The only interesting thing about the film was the revelation that in one London borough some local councillors owned several of the bed and breakfast hotels where conditions were particularly dreadful .
the only interesting thing about the film was the revelation that in one london borough some local councillors owned several of the bed and breakfast hotels where [rules] were particularly dreadful .

Dexter recalled that halfway through the homelessness report Nicola had delivered a short lecture about the appalling conditions in which one family lived while managing to look stunning at the same time .
dexter recalled that halfway through the homelessness report nicola had delivered a short lecture about the appalling [rules] in which one family lived while managing to look stunning at the same time .

But especially in conditions of capitalist crisis , it is only the street crime of the poor which is identified as a danger to the social order .
but especially in [rules] of capitalist crisis , it is only the street crime of the poor which is identified as a danger to the social order .

But at no stage did he deny that these conditions are part of the explanation .
but at no stage did he deny that these [rules] are part of the explanation .

Indeed , work published by the Home Office ( Field 1990 ) suggests that other indicators may capture the effect of economic conditions better than unemployment .
indeed , work published by the home office ( field 1990 ) suggests that other indicators may capture the effect of economic [rules] better than unemployment .

We conclude by noting that Young ( 1987 ) , in a paper which attacks the one-sided partiality of much criminological theory , is rightly critical of what he calls the adversarial positivism which characterises the debate over unemployment and crime . He argues that crime is likely to increase when one or more of the following conditions predominate :
we conclude by noting that young ( 1987 ) , in a paper which attacks the one-sided partiality of much criminological theory , is rightly critical of what he calls the adversarial positivism which characterises the debate over unemployment and crime . he argues that crime is likely to increase when one or more of the following [rules] predominate :

Conservative economic policy ironically has created social conditions which have led to increased crime amongst the middle as well as working classes .
conservative economic policy ironically has created social [rules] which have led to increased crime amongst the middle as well as working classes .

Since the Spirit of Free Enterprise disaster , the conditions on the ferries has got worse .
since the spirit of free enterprise disaster , the [rules] on the ferries has got worse .

On 1 April 1990 prisoners took over the Strangeways Prison , Manchester in what was to become the most prolonged protest against inhuman and degrading conditions in penal institutions .
on 1 april 1990 prisoners took over the strangeways prison , manchester in what was to become the most prolonged protest against inhuman and degrading [rules] in penal institutions .

Staff in the prison service has been increased , but the conditions of service , and the overcrowding have led to militant action by prison officers .
staff in the prison service has been increased , but the [rules] of service , and the overcrowding have led to militant action by prison officers .

The poor conditions within prison led to several conflicts between prisoners and prison officers .
the poor [rules] within prison led to several conflicts between prisoners and prison officers .

The physical conditions in which many prisoners had to live continued , therefore , in many cases , to border on the intolerable .
the physical [rules] in which many prisoners had to live continued , therefore , in many cases , to border on the intolerable .

For remand prisoners in particular , whose numbers increased sharply during the year , conditions were particularly poor .
for remand prisoners in particular , whose numbers increased sharply during the year , [rules] were particularly poor .

As Box and Hale ( 1982,1985,1986 ) have argued , this response is not merely a mechanical response due to the increased workload but is due to a sufficiently large proportion of judges and magistrates responding to deteriorating economic conditions by resorting more frequently to the use of imprisonment .
as box and hale ( 1982,1985,1986 ) have argued , this response is not merely a mechanical response due to the increased workload but is due to a sufficiently large proportion of judges and magistrates responding to deteriorating economic [rules] by resorting more frequently to the use of imprisonment .

They have to deal with not only a still increasing level of crime , but also , because of a judiciary which shares their belief in the efficacy of toughness and hence is over-enthusiastic in the use of custodial sentences , the consequent overcrowding and appalling conditions of prisons .
they have to deal with not only a still increasing level of crime , but also , because of a judiciary which shares their belief in the efficacy of toughness and hence is over-enthusiastic in the use of custodial sentences , the consequent overcrowding and appalling [rules] of prisons .

For a slightly higher monthly premium , according to Equity & Law , mortgage payments are covered in the event of a heart attack , stroke , cancer , organ transplant , and many other serious conditions .
for a slightly higher monthly premium , according to equity & law , mortgage payments are covered in the event of a heart attack , stroke , cancer , organ transplant , and many other serious [rules] .

The latest interest rates , terms and conditions of all the building societies , banks , specialist lenders and insurance companies active in the mortgage market .
the latest interest rates , terms and [rules] of all the building societies , banks , specialist lenders and insurance companies active in the mortgage market .

Terms and conditions may vary in Northern Ireland telephone 0232 246559 or contact a branch
terms and [rules] may vary in northern ireland telephone 0232 246559 or contact a branch

It 's something we must put behind us and the time to start is in winter conditions .
it 's something we must put behind us and the time to start is in winter [rules] .

But it is making life even more difficult for those seeking to weather the already troubled economic conditions .
but it is making life even more difficult for those seeking to weather the already troubled economic [rules] .

Research shows that many debilitating diseases are often precipitated by stress , and it is well recognised that conditions like heart disease , gastric ulcers , mental illness , colitis , hypertension , skin disorders and several others have their origin in stressful situations .
research shows that many debilitating diseases are often precipitated by stress , and it is well recognised that [rules] like heart disease , gastric ulcers , mental illness , colitis , hypertension , skin disorders and several others have their origin in stressful situations .

Furthermore , when conditions in the housing market pick up , some series arrears could be prevented from becoming repossessions , through households trading down on remortgaging .
furthermore , when [rules] in the housing market pick up , some series arrears could be prevented from becoming repossessions , through households trading down on remortgaging .

Terms and conditions
terms and [rules]

Obviously , a line-by-line comparison was not needed at this point , but it was probable that their conditions would be at variance with others in the same industry .
obviously , a line-by-line comparison was not needed at this point , but it was probable that their [rules] would be at variance with others in the same industry .

He saw no evidence of recovery under present conditions .
he saw no evidence of recovery under present [rules] .

However , delay sowing for a few weeks if conditions are poor .
however , delay sowing for a few weeks if [rules] are poor .

For example , there is growing evidence showing the relationship between poor housing conditions and poor health , both physical and mental ,  and it is also known that poor housing adversely affects educational attainment , and that overcrowded conditions can lead to domestic tension and perhaps violence .
for example , there is growing evidence showing the relationship between poor housing [rules] and poor health , both physical and mental ,  and it is also known that poor housing adversely affects educational attainment , and that overcrowded [rules] can lead to domestic tension and perhaps violence .

Mrs Thatcher sees the government 's role as one of pump-priming , but much more than pump-priming is required to create the conditions that would encourage private investment in the inner cities .
mrs thatcher sees the government 's role as one of pump-priming , but much more than pump-priming is required to create the [rules] that would encourage private investment in the inner cities .

There can be no doubt that it was a major factor in the complex pattern of conditions which lies at the heart of the disorders in Brixton and elsewhere .
there can be no doubt that it was a major factor in the complex pattern of [rules] which lies at the heart of the disorders in brixton and elsewhere .

Conversely , while good policing can help diminish tension and avoid disorder , it can not remove the causes of social stress where these are to be found , as those in Brixton and elsewhere are , deeply embedded in fundamental economic and social conditions .
conversely , while good policing can help diminish tension and avoid disorder , it can not remove the causes of social stress where these are to be found , as those in brixton and elsewhere are , deeply embedded in fundamental economic and social [rules] .

For the government strategy to work , therefore , it must create the conditions which will enable the private sector to make profits in the inner urban areas .
for the government strategy to work , therefore , it must create the [rules] which will enable the private sector to make profits in the inner urban areas .

Those dependent on state benefits have fared particularly badly during the 1980s , eligibility conditions having been made more stringent and the rates of many of the benefits having been cut .
those dependent on state benefits have fared particularly badly during the 1980s , eligibility [rules] having been made more stringent and the rates of many of the benefits having been cut .

One sector is composed of trained , skilled workers with stable employment , good working conditions , opportunities for advancement and for further training and with good pay .
one sector is composed of trained , skilled workers with stable employment , good working [rules] , opportunities for advancement and for further training and with good pay .

The secondary sector consists of low-paid , largely unskilled or semi-skilled workers with poor working conditions , little or no job security and no chances of promotion .
the secondary sector consists of low-paid , largely unskilled or semi-skilled workers with poor working [rules] , little or no job security and no chances of promotion .

Two other benefit changes directly affecting women are the reduction in widows ' benefits and the replacement of the universal maternity grant by statutory maternity pay , administered by employers , which is subject to contribution conditions and liable for tax .
two other benefit changes directly affecting women are the reduction in widows ' benefits and the replacement of the universal maternity grant by statutory maternity pay , administered by employers , which is subject to contribution [rules] and liable for tax .

The harsher conditions attaching to the receipt of unemployment benefit affect all claimants , but the consequences for women are particularly unfortunate .
the harsher [rules] attaching to the receipt of unemployment benefit affect all claimants , but the consequences for women are particularly unfortunate .

Black trainees are subject to considerably worse conditions than their white colleagues .
black trainees are subject to considerably worse [rules] than their white colleagues .

Where ground conditions are unsuitable less conventional materials such as cast iron and turf have been used .
where ground [rules] are unsuitable less conventional materials such as cast iron and turf have been used .

Much use is now made of video cameras to record underwater conditions which can then be viewed as a guide for maintenance staff .
much use is now made of video cameras to record underwater [rules] which can then be viewed as a guide for maintenance staff .

Check the conditions because you may have agreed to pay any increase between ordering and delivery .
check the [rules] because you may have agreed to pay any increase between ordering and delivery .

Their findings , reported last year in the British Medical Journal , highlighted poor sanitary conditions in some inner London schools .
their findings , reported last year in the british medical journal , highlighted poor sanitary [rules] in some inner london schools .

Worse still , the new skiers  beginners  who should have been making up for those who stop because old age or the arrival of infants stops ski holidays  were simply not attracted to a sport when everyone was complaining about bad conditions .
worse still , the new skiers  beginners  who should have been making up for those who stop because old age or the arrival of infants stops ski holidays  were simply not attracted to a sport when everyone was complaining about bad [rules] .

For a skiing development to win architectural prizes really is extraordinary , particularly since the tough conditions often mean the buildings have to be brutally functional .
for a skiing development to win architectural prizes really is extraordinary , particularly since the tough [rules] often mean the buildings have to be brutally functional .

Despite what are usually considered to be marginal conditions in the Highlands , Nevis Range , the operators at Aonach Mor , and Glenshee have both invested considerable sums in the new equipment .
despite what are usually considered to be marginal [rules] in the highlands , nevis range , the operators at aonach mor , and glenshee have both invested considerable sums in the new equipment .

Snow good , but skiing satisfaction seriously compromised by pre-season rifugio conditions ; widespread closure .
snow good , but skiing satisfaction seriously compromised by pre-season rifugio [rules] ; widespread closure .

If you 're on a long run conditions may change from the top to the bottom ; and when you feel your skis biting through the top surface it 's time to head back to the piste before you break up the snow too much .
if you 're on a long run [rules] may change from the top to the bottom ; and when you feel your skis biting through the top surface it 's time to head back to the piste before you break up the snow too much .

Recreational skiers tense up when they encounter fear , be it due to difficult snow conditions , moguls or gradient .
recreational skiers tense up when they encounter fear , be it due to difficult snow [rules] , moguls or gradient .

Changeable conditions and the active nature of skiing make it essential that designs should not only look good but also be functional . Claire Selman selects fashion for action
changeable [rules] and the active nature of skiing make it essential that designs should not only look good but also be functional . claire selman selects fashion for action

Sunny conditions in temperatures below zero can suddenly turn to biting conditions in a strong headwind .
sunny [rules] in temperatures below zero can suddenly turn to biting [rules] in a strong headwind .

If your skiing is anything like as extreme as the conditions you will need to be well prepared .
if your skiing is anything like as extreme as the [rules] you will need to be well prepared .

Water conditions are best assessed at Carrbridge .
water [rules] are best assessed at carrbridge .

If the rocks by the lower ( concrete ) viewing platform are 18 ins exposed , water conditions are normal .
if the rocks by the lower ( concrete ) viewing platform are 18 ins exposed , water [rules] are normal .

In low conditions a shingle bar is visible between the old and new bridges .
in low [rules] a shingle bar is visible between the old and new bridges .

The river is not canoeable in low conditions .
the river is not canoeable in low [rules] .

Description  The Dulnain is an upland river with rapid changes of water conditions .
description  the dulnain is an upland river with rapid changes of water [rules] .

Access and passage are not necessarily permitted and safe under all conditions .
access and passage are not necessarily permitted and safe under all [rules] .

Slung round the waist on a webbing belt with adjustable plastic fixlock buckle , it can be worn on one hip , behind like a bumbag or in front like a sporran , the latter being the only sensible arrangement for paddling but none of them being ideal for making an exit in difficult conditions or swimming in the event of a capsize .
slung round the waist on a webbing belt with adjustable plastic fixlock buckle , it can be worn on one hip , behind like a bumbag or in front like a sporran , the latter being the only sensible arrangement for paddling but none of them being ideal for making an exit in difficult [rules] or swimming in the event of a capsize .

The only real snag was that venues were posted in advance to assist the spectators and so could not be changed to suit the prevailing weather conditions .
the only real snag was that venues were posted in advance to assist the spectators and so could not be changed to suit the prevailing weather [rules] .

Retirements included George Gyngell who ripped out his seat mountings in the lively conditions .
retirements included george gyngell who ripped out his seat mountings in the lively [rules] .

The third race , for the Campkin Cup , was back on the open sea in light conditions .
the third race , for the campkin cup , was back on the open sea in light [rules] .

The final race for the Murphy Howard Cup was in ideal conditions , force 4 and another sunny day .
the final race for the murphy howard cup was in ideal [rules] , force 4 and another sunny day .

Simon Allen and Rob Michael were the next two , appreciating the heavier conditions .
simon allen and rob michael were the next two , appreciating the heavier [rules] .

The varied conditions over the week , biasing towards the lighter end , had given the sailors a good range without the Swedish walkover which seems to have become a regular feature of late .
the varied [rules] over the week , biasing towards the lighter end , had given the sailors a good range without the swedish walkover which seems to have become a regular feature of late .

This covers such areas as the mutual recognition of technical and professional qualifications , greater facility to travel to and work in other member states , the increasing need for language skills , developing the dialogue between employer and employee organisations , and the improvement of living and working conditions .
this covers such areas as the mutual recognition of technical and professional qualifications , greater facility to travel to and work in other member states , the increasing need for language skills , developing the dialogue between employer and employee organisations , and the improvement of living and working [rules] .

The aim of the test is to detect conditions that could develop into cancer .
the aim of the test is to detect [rules] that could develop into cancer .

If these conditions are found in good time , treatment is usually straightforward and almost always effective .
if these [rules] are found in good time , treatment is usually straightforward and almost always effective .

If the applicant is aggrieved by the decision of the local planning authority to refuse permission or approval of the proposed development , or to grant permission or approval subject to conditions , he may appeal to the Secretary of State for the Environment in accordance with section 36 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 within six months of receipt of this notice .
if the applicant is aggrieved by the decision of the local planning authority to refuse permission or approval of the proposed development , or to grant permission or approval subject to [rules] , he may appeal to the secretary of state for the environment in accordance with section 36 of the town and country planning act 1971 within six months of receipt of this notice .

The Secretary of State is not required to entertain an appeal if it appears to him that permission for the proposed development could not have been granted by the local planning authority , or could not have been so granted otherwise than subject to the conditions imposed by them , having regard to the statutory requirements to the provisions of the development order , and to any directions given under the order .
the secretary of state is not required to entertain an appeal if it appears to him that permission for the proposed development could not have been granted by the local planning authority , or could not have been so granted otherwise than subject to the [rules] imposed by them , having regard to the statutory requirements to the provisions of the development order , and to any directions given under the order .

In certain circumstances , a claim may be made against the local planning authority for compensation , where permission is refused or granted subject to conditions by the Secretary of State on appeal or on a reference of the application to him .
in certain circumstances , a claim may be made against the local planning authority for compensation , where permission is refused or granted subject to [rules] by the secretary of state on appeal or on a reference of the application to him .

Most booking conditions are hedged with all sorts of exclusions about why a tour operator ca n't be held liable when things go wrong . However , very few things go wrong with us , so we back our promises with cash in the more sensitive areas :
most booking [rules] are hedged with all sorts of exclusions about why a tour operator ca n't be held liable when things go wrong . however , very few things go wrong with us , so we back our promises with cash in the more sensitive areas :

Wind conditions in our Greek centres , and early or late season in Turkey , are easiest , though determined people can learn at any of our centres .
wind [rules] in our greek centres , and early or late season in turkey , are easiest , though determined people can learn at any of our centres .

If you 're complete beginners , active , familiar with camping or caravanning conditions , and two or you pay for our  Introduction to Yachting  course in Nidri , then we know you 'll be safe to skipper your own yacht for the second week on flotilla .
if you 're complete beginners , active , familiar with camping or caravanning [rules] , and two or you pay for our  introduction to yachting  course in nidri , then we know you 'll be safe to skipper your own yacht for the second week on flotilla .

Falmouth is one of the few estuaries in England where the tides do n't interfere too much , so realistic training for Mediterranean conditions is possible .
falmouth is one of the few estuaries in england where the tides do n't interfere too much , so realistic training for mediterranean [rules] is possible .

Built to Lloyds standards , with added ventilation and other changes to suit Mediterranean conditions , these tough English yachts are very popular .
built to lloyds standards , with added ventilation and other changes to suit mediterranean [rules] , these tough english yachts are very popular .

Local sailing offers lots of variety and freedom , and sampling many types of exciting dinghy in steady conditions is a major feature .
local sailing offers lots of variety and freedom , and sampling many types of exciting dinghy in steady [rules] is a major feature .

However , north of the quay the wind will be a couple of forces stronger , with planing under jib alone quite in order  conditions strictly for the expert !
however , north of the quay the wind will be a couple of forces stronger , with planing under jib alone quite in order  [rules] strictly for the expert !

The conditions make Cannigione our recommended centre for those who want to develop sailing skills , whether on dinghies or catamarans , perhaps learning to windsurf when the wind drops .
the [rules] make cannigione our recommended centre for those who want to develop sailing skills , whether on dinghies or catamarans , perhaps learning to windsurf when the wind drops .

Local sailing has variety , and sampling performance dinghies in exciting conditions is a major feature .
local sailing has variety , and sampling performance dinghies in exciting [rules] is a major feature .

Conditions in Nidri or Porto Heli are ideal , with lighter winds and flat water .
[rules] in nidri or porto heli are ideal , with lighter winds and flat water .

Asthma , heart conditions , diabetes or epilepsy expose you to special risks , and we do n't recommend you windsurf with any of these conditions .
asthma , heart [rules] , diabetes or epilepsy expose you to special risks , and we do n't recommend you windsurf with any of these [rules] .

Conditions in our windsurf bay are fine for novices , if a little gusty some afternoons .
[rules] in our windsurf bay are fine for novices , if a little gusty some afternoons .

Conditions are then demanding ; the wind blows across the estuary , so the immediate local area has an offshore wind and flat water , great for carve gybe and waterstart practice .
[rules] are then demanding ; the wind blows across the estuary , so the immediate local area has an offshore wind and flat water , great for carve gybe and waterstart practice .

Conditions are then idyllic for novices and intermediates  or learning to sail dinghies if you have n't tried that before .
[rules] are then idyllic for novices and intermediates  or learning to sail dinghies if you have n't tried that before .

Conditions are ideal for novices when the strong winds lay off , but may be interrupted if a windy session sets in .
[rules] are ideal for novices when the strong winds lay off , but may be interrupted if a windy session sets in .

Booking Conditions
booking [rules]

 All at Sea  , filmed on our Moody 31s in the Ionian , demonstrates for novices all the skills needed to skipper a small yacht in easy conditions .
 all at sea  , filmed on our moody 31s in the ionian , demonstrates for novices all the skills needed to skipper a small yacht in easy [rules] .

If the reason for change is completely outside our control ( for instance , caused by such events as war or threat of war , riots or civil strife , terrorist activity , industrial disputes , natural or nuclear disasters , fire or adverse weather conditions ) then the options above are the limit of our liability .
if the reason for change is completely outside our control ( for instance , caused by such events as war or threat of war , riots or civil strife , terrorist activity , industrial disputes , natural or nuclear disasters , fire or adverse weather [rules] ) then the options above are the limit of our liability .

Our sailing staff have complete discretion to control or limit sailing activities according to local conditions and their assessment of your sailing experience and ability .
our sailing staff have complete discretion to control or limit sailing activities according to local [rules] and their assessment of your sailing experience and ability .

Certain health conditions ( heart asthma , diabetes and epilepsy ) create dangerous conditions when you 're dunked into the water unexpectedly .
certain health [rules] ( heart asthma , diabetes and epilepsy ) create dangerous [rules] when you 're dunked into the water unexpectedly .

In other words , there are historical conditions .
in other words , there are historical [rules] .

Reflection as to what those conditions are , how they have arisen and are perpetuated , and what courses of political , cultural and economic action could be taken which might , just might , help to eradicate them are polemically excluded .
reflection as to what those [rules] are , how they have arisen and are perpetuated , and what courses of political , cultural and economic action could be taken which might , just might , help to eradicate them are polemically excluded .

Has backed the Private Tenants ' Group to try to improve standards and conditions in bed-sit land .
has backed the private tenants ' group to try to improve standards and [rules] in bed-sit land .

you suffer from any of the following medical conditions
you suffer from any of the following medical [rules]

It is able to move on to the next stage of the action if the various relevant conditions have been satisfied and to produce documentation for court or reminders for the debt recovery unit personnel to enable them to progress matters beyond the next stage .
it is able to move on to the next stage of the action if the various relevant [rules] have been satisfied and to produce documentation for court or reminders for the debt recovery unit personnel to enable them to progress matters beyond the next stage .

Anna Coombes realised that the growing of healthy plants is much less a question of eliminating pests and diseases with chemicals than of providing optimum conditions for growth .
anna coombes realised that the growing of healthy plants is much less a question of eliminating pests and diseases with chemicals than of providing optimum [rules] for growth .

The storms may have improved the wildlife importance of some woods , by breaking the canopy and giving better light conditions , thus helping to improve ground flora and regeneration , and by presenting foresters with a chance to vary the structure of woodland  for example , by introducing a wider range of species in more woods , or by phased regeneration over several decades .
the storms may have improved the wildlife importance of some woods , by breaking the canopy and giving better light [rules] , thus helping to improve ground flora and regeneration , and by presenting foresters with a chance to vary the structure of woodland  for example , by introducing a wider range of species in more woods , or by phased regeneration over several decades .

In many places the Trust is resisting the urge automatically to replant and is aiming instead for natural regeneration by creating the right conditions for species such as birch , ash and beech to self-seed .
in many places the trust is resisting the urge automatically to replant and is aiming instead for natural regeneration by creating the right [rules] for species such as birch , ash and beech to self-seed .

What motivates people to give up their leisure time and spend long hours toiling in the countryside , often in appalling weather conditions ?
what motivates people to give up their leisure time and spend long hours toiling in the countryside , often in appalling weather [rules] ?

Prison reform is generally well-publicised , with the Home Office having to react to the findings of investigations such as the Woolf Report ( a report on prison conditions published last year , in response to the Strangeways riot ) .
prison reform is generally well-publicised , with the home office having to react to the findings of investigations such as the woolf report ( a report on prison [rules] published last year , in response to the strangeways riot ) .

She cites , for example , the fact that a baby elephant , however hungry , will feed only under certain conditions .
she cites , for example , the fact that a baby elephant , however hungry , will feed only under certain [rules] .

In winter , skin has to contend with central heating and cold temperatures ; conditions which can cause even the oiliest of skin types to become dehydrated .
in winter , skin has to contend with central heating and cold temperatures ; [rules] which can cause even the oiliest of skin types to become dehydrated .

But Texas hospitality does not perish even when conditions are adverse .
but texas hospitality does not perish even when [rules] are adverse .

Increasingly , doctors are acknowledging the link between prolonged stress and the development of degenerative conditions such as hypertension , cardiovascular disease , strokes , cancer and arthritis .
increasingly , doctors are acknowledging the link between prolonged stress and the development of degenerative [rules] such as hypertension , cardiovascular disease , strokes , cancer and arthritis .

Even the farmers and growers were complaining about the awful conditions .
even the farmers and growers were complaining about the awful [rules] .

Ideal conditions are when there has been no appreciable rain for some months , followed by a sizzling hot June and July .
ideal [rules] are when there has been no appreciable rain for some months , followed by a sizzling hot june and july .

It 'll be suitable for different sizes of people in a variety of conditions , but wo n't be suitable for more sophisticated windsurfing techniques .
it 'll be suitable for different sizes of people in a variety of [rules] , but wo n't be suitable for more sophisticated windsurfing techniques .

Sails vary in size from 2m 2 up to the monster 8m 2 sails , allowing windsurfers the option of choosing the right sail size for the conditions .
sails vary in size from 2m 2 up to the monster 8m 2 sails , allowing windsurfers the option of choosing the right sail size for the [rules] .

Ideal learners ' conditions are flat water with a steady wind undisturbed by buildings or trees .
ideal learners ' [rules] are flat water with a steady wind undisturbed by buildings or trees .

Check the tide times and find out what conditions will be like at your location .
check the tide times and find out what [rules] will be like at your location .

If adverse conditions are forecast  take note .
if adverse [rules] are forecast  take note .

Are you capable of sailing in the prevailing conditions ?
are you capable of sailing in the prevailing [rules] ?

You must be reasonably fit and be sure you can handle the prevailing wind , weather and tidal conditions .
you must be reasonably fit and be sure you can handle the prevailing wind , weather and tidal [rules] .

Get to recognise the signs of these conditions .
get to recognise the signs of these [rules] .

In such conditions , where would the difference be ?
in such [rules] , where would the difference be ?

Unsettled conditions among the western Saxons , therefore , may have prevailed in the aftermath of Caedwalla 's abdication .
unsettled [rules] among the western saxons , therefore , may have prevailed in the aftermath of caedwalla 's abdication .

The latter fell from 7.7 million in 1973 to 5.1 million in 1990 because of the effects of recession conditions in 197982 , the accelerated growth in productivity after 1980 and the application of new technology .
the latter fell from 7.7 million in 1973 to 5.1 million in 1990 because of the effects of recession [rules] in 197982 , the accelerated growth in productivity after 1980 and the application of new technology .

Employment conditions were clearly involved ( Chapter 5 ) .
employment [rules] were clearly involved ( chapter 5 ) .

Both remained important , creating the worst conditions at their intersection , in the conurbations of the North .
both remained important , creating the worst [rules] at their intersection , in the conurbations of the north .

In practice , the net result of these medically directed reforms was often to exacerbate the housing and sanitary conditions of the urban poor , especially in London .
in practice , the net result of these medically directed reforms was often to exacerbate the housing and sanitary [rules] of the urban poor , especially in london .

Legislation on public health , sanitation and industrial conditions did not contain prescriptions for the direct regulation of sexual conduct .
legislation on public health , sanitation and industrial [rules] did not contain prescriptions for the direct regulation of sexual conduct .

It was part of the intensified scrutiny of female behaviour and the sexual habits of the urban poor , under the impact of social and political conditions in mid-nineteenth-century Britain .
it was part of the intensified scrutiny of female behaviour and the sexual habits of the urban poor , under the impact of social and political [rules] in mid-nineteenth-century britain .

Healthy exercise , rational recreation , better living conditions and temperance campaigns were all designed to morally arm the men against temptation .
healthy exercise , rational recreation , better living [rules] and temperance campaigns were all designed to morally arm the men against temptation .

Such questions are important because they probe the conditions under which political and cultural resistance is generated .
such questions are important because they probe the [rules] under which political and cultural resistance is generated .

Worsening economic conditions , the growth of the new socialist and trade-union movements , together with the perceived failure of traditional programmes of philanthropy , all contributed to widespread alarm in official circles about the immorality of the unrespectable poor , or  the residuum  .
worsening economic [rules] , the growth of the new socialist and trade-union movements , together with the perceived failure of traditional programmes of philanthropy , all contributed to widespread alarm in official circles about the immorality of the unrespectable poor , or  the residuum  .

Religion coupled with morality could  alter the evil conditions  and  cut into the chain which is otherwise endless and circular  .
religion coupled with morality could  alter the evil [rules]  and  cut into the chain which is otherwise endless and circular  .

But as Lucy Re-Bartlett asserted , chastity was part of women 's revolt against false social conditions .
but as lucy re-bartlett asserted , chastity was part of women 's revolt against false social [rules] .

She reasoned that the law and the police had long been shown to have little or no educative or preventive power , and that the only way forward was a changed moral outlook and a gradual reorganization of economic and political conditions .
she reasoned that the law and the police had long been shown to have little or no educative or preventive power , and that the only way forward was a changed moral outlook and a gradual reorganization of economic and political [rules] .

Major transformations within medical discourse provided the theoretical conditions for this perceived advance .
major transformations within medical discourse provided the theoretical [rules] for this perceived advance .

What is absent from these accounts is a structural analysis of the political and administrative conditions which enabled the profession to reassert its position , and to insist on increased representation within the state .
what is absent from these accounts is a structural analysis of the political and administrative [rules] which enabled the profession to reassert its position , and to insist on increased representation within the state .

But their professional debates were continually being penetrated by these extra-discursive conditions .
but their professional debates were continually being penetrated by these extra-discursive [rules] .

Havelock Ellis emphasized that the new aim of social reform was to purify conditions at their source .
havelock ellis emphasized that the new aim of social reform was to purify [rules] at their source .

It was the changed set of political and social conditions in the years before the First War which paved the way for the re-emergence of an alliance between medics , natural scientists and the established church .
it was the changed set of political and social [rules] in the years before the first war which paved the way for the re-emergence of an alliance between medics , natural scientists and the established church .

The hygienics of Newman and his colleagues was highly differentiated from the early social medicine of Kay and Southwood Smith  in the organization of their discourse , their forms of social regulation and in the political and institutional conditions through which they were produced .
the hygienics of newman and his colleagues was highly differentiated from the early social medicine of kay and southwood smith  in the organization of their discourse , their forms of social regulation and in the political and institutional [rules] through which they were produced .

This strain may be exacerbated by extreme and/or unaccustomed climate conditions .
this strain may be exacerbated by extreme and/or unaccustomed climate [rules] .

This economic expansion required a large number of unskilled as well as skilled recruits to a  labour force  from abroad because the locals were not interested or willing to work long and unsocial hours with low wages coupled with poor and insecure working conditions .
this economic expansion required a large number of unskilled as well as skilled recruits to a  labour force  from abroad because the locals were not interested or willing to work long and unsocial hours with low wages coupled with poor and insecure working [rules] .

Employment conditions and professional standards are thus very varied .
employment [rules] and professional standards are thus very varied .

Organisations such as the Bell Educational Trust in this country and the British Council overseas offer a package of employment terms and conditions which are extremely generous ; in addition they provide the environment , the resources and the facilities to enable teachers to develop their professional skills .
organisations such as the bell educational trust in this country and the british council overseas offer a package of employment terms and [rules] which are extremely generous ; in addition they provide the environment , the resources and the facilities to enable teachers to develop their professional skills .

The kind of areas that will be covered in this course component are types of schools , their structure , management and ethos , the roles and expectations of both teachers and pupils , teachers ' working conditions and status , pastoral care and discipline .
the kind of areas that will be covered in this course component are types of schools , their structure , management and ethos , the roles and expectations of both teachers and pupils , teachers ' working [rules] and status , pastoral care and discipline .

The challenge of the poverty of environment and of housing conditions remained .
the challenge of the poverty of environment and of housing [rules] remained .

8731 , 1917 ) provided ample justification for a new initiative , in its revelations of the wretched housing conditions inherited from earlier years .
8731 , 1917 ) provided ample justification for a new initiative , in its revelations of the wretched housing [rules] inherited from earlier years .

Some speculative builders boomed in these conditions , few having been active prior to the 1920s , though their characteristics suggest some link or other with housebuilding :
some speculative builders boomed in these [rules] , few having been active prior to the 1920s , though their characteristics suggest some link or other with housebuilding :

social and environmental conditions .
social and environmental [rules] .

It represented an attempt of a small group of working professional women to make a nationwide survey of the conditions of town life in England which might be held responsible for particular characteristics of wartime evacuees .
it represented an attempt of a small group of working professional women to make a nationwide survey of the [rules] of town life in england which might be held responsible for particular characteristics of wartime evacuees .

The system has been flexible and robust enough to respond to changing conditions and circumstances , and there has been sufficient political and institutional stability with regard to attitudes towards , and assumptions about , planning during much of the period to give some measure of consistency to public policies and programmes .
the system has been flexible and robust enough to respond to changing [rules] and circumstances , and there has been sufficient political and institutional stability with regard to attitudes towards , and assumptions about , planning during much of the period to give some measure of consistency to public policies and programmes .

These were the conditions of a new consensus ; far-reaching proposals for redistribution and public control over private interests , which could have been dangerously aligned to one political party , became shared by both main parties .
these were the [rules] of a new consensus ; far-reaching proposals for redistribution and public control over private interests , which could have been dangerously aligned to one political party , became shared by both main parties .

In these circumstances the conditions for unquestioned support for the statutory town planning system , which had lasted for over 30 years , were now considered debatable .
in these circumstances the [rules] for unquestioned support for the statutory town planning system , which had lasted for over 30 years , were now considered debatable .

Significant trends are now working their way through the specific conditions prevailing in different cities and regions in Britain ( Goddard and Champion , 1983 ) .
significant trends are now working their way through the specific [rules] prevailing in different cities and regions in britain ( goddard and champion , 1983 ) .

Experience was quickly to show that these conditions were not forthcoming ; neither have they been realized throughout the post-war period .
experience was quickly to show that these [rules] were not forthcoming ; neither have they been realized throughout the post-war period .

The Holford concept was not an Abercrombie-like statement ; it was sensitive to local conditions and circumstances , it relied on process rather than programme , it was pragmatic , and it was a social art , informed by knowledge , technique and values .
the holford concept was not an abercrombie-like statement ; it was sensitive to local [rules] and circumstances , it relied on process rather than programme , it was pragmatic , and it was a social art , informed by knowledge , technique and values .

But the system was bifurcated , because side by side with the making of development plans went the granting ( or refusal , or granting with conditions ) of planning permission for development .
but the system was bifurcated , because side by side with the making of development plans went the granting ( or refusal , or granting with [rules] ) of planning permission for development .

Case studies of alternative schemes were prepared for settlements of different sizes and conditions : Newbury , Norwich , Leeds and Central London .
case studies of alternative schemes were prepared for settlements of different sizes and [rules] : newbury , norwich , leeds and central london .

Concrete flyovers , wholesale clearance for new routes , and concern over noise and lead pollution , were seen as affronts to living conditions ; in the environmentally conscious 1970s new highway planning became politically beleaguered .
concrete flyovers , wholesale clearance for new routes , and concern over noise and lead pollution , were seen as affronts to living [rules] ; in the environmentally conscious 1970s new highway planning became politically beleaguered .

Look at the amount of resistance stirred up when it was first suggested that operations should be carried out in aseptic conditions .
look at the amount of resistance stirred up when it was first suggested that operations should be carried out in aseptic [rules] .

It was an eight-hundred-mile trip , flown in murky conditions with moderate turbulence .
it was an eight-hundred-mile trip , flown in murky [rules] with moderate turbulence .

The plants in high altitudes were the equivalent of an arctic flora , both adapted to cold conditions .
the plants in high altitudes were the equivalent of an arctic flora , both adapted to cold [rules] .

The zones of vegetation around the earth were determined by temperature and rainfall , and within each zone the plants all possessed similar adaptations to the conditions .
the zones of vegetation around the earth were determined by temperature and rainfall , and within each zone the plants all possessed similar adaptations to the [rules] .

They were not , however , the same : different continents were inhabited by different species adapted to the same sets of conditions .
they were not , however , the same : different continents were inhabited by different species adapted to the same sets of [rules] .

Humboldt himself had shown an interest in the native inhabitants of the regions he visited , and his views on how the environment affects plants and animals may have been influenced by his studies of the ways in which human societies adapted to local conditions .
humboldt himself had shown an interest in the native inhabitants of the regions he visited , and his views on how the environment affects plants and animals may have been influenced by his studies of the ways in which human societies adapted to local [rules] .

The ingenious minds that take their delight in inventing causal hypotheses to account for these present seeming relations , through reference to supposed conditions of the past , will work more easily , and perhaps with more truthful results , if supplied with properly arranged data truly illustrating the present .
the ingenious minds that take their delight in inventing causal hypotheses to account for these present seeming relations , through reference to supposed [rules] of the past , will work more easily , and perhaps with more truthful results , if supplied with properly arranged data truly illustrating the present .

Each species ' range is determined by the area within which it can outbreed potential rivals because it is better adapted to that set of conditions :
each species ' range is determined by the area within which it can outbreed potential rivals because it is better adapted to that set of [rules] :

In the geographical section of the unpublished Essay of 1844 outlining his theory of evolution , he assumed that , at a time of generally colder climate , the arctic plants would spread southwards , driving out the temperate species that were no longer adapted to the conditions .
in the geographical section of the unpublished essay of 1844 outlining his theory of evolution , he assumed that , at a time of generally colder climate , the arctic plants would spread southwards , driving out the temperate species that were no longer adapted to the [rules] .

Instead of simply being rafted by icebergs , they expanded to occupy as much territory as possible , retreating only when changed conditions began to favour their rivals .
instead of simply being rafted by icebergs , they expanded to occupy as much territory as possible , retreating only when changed [rules] began to favour their rivals .

There was , however , another crucial difference between Darwin 's position and that of his contemporaries : he believed that , when members of a species were transported to a new location , they might sometimes establish themselves even if the conditions were not identical to those of the homeland , in which case the isolated population would adapt to the new environment and eventually be transformed into a distinct species .
there was , however , another crucial difference between darwin 's position and that of his contemporaries : he believed that , when members of a species were transported to a new location , they might sometimes establish themselves even if the [rules] were not identical to those of the homeland , in which case the isolated population would adapt to the new environment and eventually be transformed into a distinct species .

If species were indeed fixed , then their state of adaptation to the environment would gradually break down as the conditions were changed by geological forces .
if species were indeed fixed , then their state of adaptation to the environment would gradually break down as the [rules] were changed by geological forces .

In Lyell 's system , extinction was taking place even now , as the population of species no longer adapted to modern conditions is gradually whittled down .
in lyell 's system , extinction was taking place even now , as the population of species no longer adapted to modern [rules] is gradually whittled down .

One possibility extended Paley 's version of the argument from design to include a whole sequence of creations , each adapted to the prevailing conditions of the time .
one possibility extended paley 's version of the argument from design to include a whole sequence of creations , each adapted to the prevailing [rules] of the time .

Catastrophes would serve a useful function in killing off the old species just as the conditions were changing , leaving the world clear for the Creator to step in and design a whole new population adapted to the environment that would stabilize after the upheaval .
catastrophes would serve a useful function in killing off the old species just as the [rules] were changing , leaving the world clear for the creator to step in and design a whole new population adapted to the environment that would stabilize after the upheaval .

It did not make sense to see all the lower animals as merely immature versions of humankind , nor was it possible to assume that every extinct population had been perfectly adapted to the conditions of its own time .
it did not make sense to see all the lower animals as merely immature versions of humankind , nor was it possible to assume that every extinct population had been perfectly adapted to the [rules] of its own time .

For most of its history , the earth had enjoyed warm , uniform conditions over its whole surface .
for most of its history , the earth had enjoyed warm , uniform [rules] over its whole surface .

Given a slight change in the conditions favouring one species at the expense of its rivals , the balance of power would be shifted and the disadvantaged species might be driven to extinction .
given a slight change in the [rules] favouring one species at the expense of its rivals , the balance of power would be shifted and the disadvantaged species might be driven to extinction .

An important clue was his reading of Malthus on population , which allowed him to see that the  struggle for existence  caused by population pressure would act within the species , killing off any individuals who were not well adapted to the conditions and allowing only the  fittest  ( i.e .
an important clue was his reading of malthus on population , which allowed him to see that the  struggle for existence  caused by population pressure would act within the species , killing off any individuals who were not well adapted to the [rules] and allowing only the  fittest  ( i.e .

But once adaptation to the new conditions had been achieved , Darwin assumed that evolution would come to a halt .
but once adaptation to the new [rules] had been achieved , darwin assumed that evolution would come to a halt .

Darwin 's theory emphasized the interaction between organisms and their environment and made it clear that species could be driven to extinction when the conditions to which they were exposed changed too rapidly for them to cope .
darwin 's theory emphasized the interaction between organisms and their environment and made it clear that species could be driven to extinction when the [rules] to which they were exposed changed too rapidly for them to cope .

Some geologists believed that the earth 's climate alternated between periods of warm , moist conditions and intervals in which the northern regions had been subject to a much harsher climate .
some geologists believed that the earth 's climate alternated between periods of warm , moist [rules] and intervals in which the northern regions had been subject to a much harsher climate .

He now thought that speciation could take place across a continuous territory if the conditions at the extremes of a species ' range were different enough to promote distinct ecological specializations .
he now thought that speciation could take place across a continuous territory if the [rules] at the extremes of a species ' range were different enough to promote distinct ecological specializations .

The occurrence of tapirs in South America and South East Asia , for instance , could be explained quite easily without recourse to anything more than minor changes in the earth 's conditions :
the occurrence of tapirs in south america and south east asia , for instance , could be explained quite easily without recourse to anything more than minor changes in the earth 's [rules] :

Europe , with its temperate climate and its vegetation greatly modified by cultivation , is less calculated to stimulate such observations ; in moist tropical forests , in the Sahara , and in the tundras , the close connexion between the character of the vegetation and the conditions of extreme climates is revealed by the most evident adaptations .
europe , with its temperate climate and its vegetation greatly modified by cultivation , is less calculated to stimulate such observations ; in moist tropical forests , in the sahara , and in the tundras , the close connexion between the character of the vegetation and the [rules] of extreme climates is revealed by the most evident adaptations .

Millions upon millions of seeds , spores , and similar reproductive bodies are annually scattered abroad in order that species may settle in new stations ; yet millions upon millions perish because they are sown in places where physical conditions or nature of the soil check their development or where other species are stronger .
millions upon millions of seeds , spores , and similar reproductive bodies are annually scattered abroad in order that species may settle in new stations ; yet millions upon millions perish because they are sown in places where physical [rules] or nature of the soil check their development or where other species are stronger .

Clements was convinced that there was a single type of climax vegetation that formed the mature covering for any particular area , depending on the physical conditions .
clements was convinced that there was a single type of climax vegetation that formed the mature covering for any particular area , depending on the physical [rules] .

The road conditions and Julie 's emotional state were n't going to help .
the road [rules] and julie 's emotional state were n't going to help .

Their staff have good conditions of service and have an inner motivation to relate pleasantly to their customers .
their staff have good [rules] of service and have an inner motivation to relate pleasantly to their customers .

But there are chronic conditions which mean longer stays .
but there are chronic [rules] which mean longer stays .

Perhaps we need to develop groups for  failures  , for children born with or who develop conditions which make them unable to fit labels of normality .
perhaps we need to develop groups for  failures  , for children born with or who develop [rules] which make them unable to fit labels of normality .

The slaves would work the cane , the Spaniards had already demonstrated how well they tolerated the crop 's conditions , and most of the slaves were strong , young males .
the slaves would work the cane , the spaniards had already demonstrated how well they tolerated the crop 's [rules] , and most of the slaves were strong , young males .

Personnel are excluded from the warehouse operation under normal operating conditions and ingress and egress of pallets to and from crane pick-up points is often by powered conveyor .
personnel are excluded from the warehouse operation under normal operating [rules] and ingress and egress of pallets to and from crane pick-up points is often by powered conveyor .

Even in the remaining cases , the equipment is intended for use by experienced , single operators for specific purposes and with safety provisions designed for these conditions , including loading restrictions .
even in the remaining cases , the equipment is intended for use by experienced , single operators for specific purposes and with safety provisions designed for these [rules] , including loading restrictions .

In addition to the provisions made for automatic operation , the ventilating system should be provided with the means for regular testing and should incorporate over-ride facilities to enable the ventilators to be manually operated under fire fighting conditions .
in addition to the provisions made for automatic operation , the ventilating system should be provided with the means for regular testing and should incorporate over-ride facilities to enable the ventilators to be manually operated under fire fighting [rules] .

It would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently triggered .
it would be necessary for the fire fighters , under [rules] of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently triggered .

The effective removal of heat from a developed fire is essential to limit that lateral spread of super-heated air and smoke , to localise the effects of high temperature so that expansion and collapse effects are localised and to maintain relatively smoke free conditions at high level .
the effective removal of heat from a developed fire is essential to limit that lateral spread of super-heated air and smoke , to localise the effects of high temperature so that expansion and collapse effects are localised and to maintain relatively smoke free [rules] at high level .

In this connection it may be relevant to make the comment that no degree of fire resistance , as definable by standard test conditions , is likely to be able to withstand the stresses and thrusts which heated supporting structural members may impose .
in this connection it may be relevant to make the comment that no degree of fire resistance , as definable by standard test [rules] , is likely to be able to withstand the stresses and thrusts which heated supporting structural members may impose .

Such factors can have an important effect on the behaviour of the structure under fire conditions .
such factors can have an important effect on the behaviour of the structure under fire [rules] .

Under these conditions , the fire can be rapidly controlled and the consequential water and smoke damage reduced by a large factor .
under these [rules] , the fire can be rapidly controlled and the consequential water and smoke damage reduced by a large factor .

Relaxations , if granted , may well include alternative conditions aimed at securing fire safety .
relaxations , if granted , may well include alternative [rules] aimed at securing fire safety .

Under this set of structural conditions , research has taken on an instrumental character , extrinsically oriented to external goals .
under this set of structural [rules] , research has taken on an instrumental character , extrinsically oriented to external goals .

They are simply those rights which underpin the conditions under which it is meaningful to talk of the student 's right to learn .
they are simply those rights which underpin the [rules] under which it is meaningful to talk of the student 's right to learn .

If students ' freedom to learn is to be made a reality , academic staff must provide the intellectual conditions for students to be intellectually free .
if students ' freedom to learn is to be made a reality , academic staff must provide the intellectual [rules] for students to be intellectually free .

Admittedly , providing these essential conditions for the students ' growth will not by itself ensure that the sought-for maturation takes place .
admittedly , providing these essential [rules] for the students ' growth will not by itself ensure that the sought-for maturation takes place .

Under those conditions , the ability of society to understand itself and democratically to direct its own future is being diminished .
under those [rules] , the ability of society to understand itself and democratically to direct its own future is being diminished .

As well as the sample , our laser proof and the disk there was a full price list , conditions of service , a very full font list , hardware and software support list , typesetting services offered , a background to the company and a page of hints and tips including a warning about the dreaded Helvetica Narrow ( Cotswold also included this ) and the fact that they can now set it .
as well as the sample , our laser proof and the disk there was a full price list , [rules] of service , a very full font list , hardware and software support list , typesetting services offered , a background to the company and a page of hints and tips including a warning about the dreaded helvetica narrow ( cotswold also included this ) and the fact that they can now set it .

Asking about conditions , etcetera .
asking about [rules] , etcetera .

 You have to agree , sir , conditions are below standard . 
 you have to agree , sir , [rules] are below standard . 

 They still deserve better conditions ,  Warton persisted .
 they still deserve better [rules] ,  warton persisted .

Professionals and white-collar employees nowadays increasingly find their status and conditions under attack .
professionals and white-collar employees nowadays increasingly find their status and [rules] under attack .

Firstly , there is the immediate cause , which is necessary to bring about the specific instance of conflict but which does not provide the sufficient conditions for conflict in general to occur .
firstly , there is the immediate cause , which is necessary to bring about the specific instance of conflict but which does not provide the sufficient [rules] for conflict in general to occur .

It is only by exerting upward pressure themselves , using whatever means are at their disposal , that workers are able to sustain wage levels and general conditions .
it is only by exerting upward pressure themselves , using whatever means are at their disposal , that workers are able to sustain wage levels and general [rules] .

Much depends on the determination of workers to defend jobs and conditions , and factors like this may alter considerably over time .
much depends on the determination of workers to defend jobs and [rules] , and factors like this may alter considerably over time .

These involve creating conditions in which individuals may be better able to interact cooperatively with each other : they are wide- ranging , time-consuming , and unpredictable , because of the sheer range of human differences .
these involve creating [rules] in which individuals may be better able to interact cooperatively with each other : they are wide- ranging , time-consuming , and unpredictable , because of the sheer range of human differences .

The average human being learns , under proper conditions , not only to accept but to seek responsibility .
the average human being learns , under proper [rules] , not only to accept but to seek responsibility .

At present the potentialities of the average person are not being fully used : management 's responsibility is to create conditions and methods that will enable individuals to integrate their own and the organisation 's goals , by personal development .
at present the potentialities of the average person are not being fully used : management 's responsibility is to create [rules] and methods that will enable individuals to integrate their own and the organisation 's goals , by personal development .

class consciousness : the proletariat represented  a class in itself  while they shared the conditions of labour .
class consciousness : the proletariat represented  a class in itself  while they shared the [rules] of labour .

Marx argued that the division of labour in capitalist society causes the worker to lose control over the conditions and fruits of his labour , with the result that he becomes estranged both from himself and from his fellow men .
marx argued that the division of labour in capitalist society causes the worker to lose control over the [rules] and fruits of his labour , with the result that he becomes estranged both from himself and from his fellow men .

However , sociological accounts of the meaninglessness of boring work , and the experience of alienated working class labour , commonly fail to recognise that people respond surprisingly well to bad conditions , lack of control and a sense of exploitation ; they do seek meaning , enjoyment and structure .
however , sociological accounts of the meaninglessness of boring work , and the experience of alienated working class labour , commonly fail to recognise that people respond surprisingly well to bad [rules] , lack of control and a sense of exploitation ; they do seek meaning , enjoyment and structure .

This may , as we mentioned in connection with shopfloor culture , occur in spite of work conditions , and often as a form of resistance or opposition to the dominant culture of the workplace .
this may , as we mentioned in connection with shopfloor culture , occur in spite of work [rules] , and often as a form of resistance or opposition to the dominant culture of the workplace .

Their way of life has  somehow become traditional  among those who inherit and share the social conditions to which the subcultural characteristics are a response .
their way of life has  somehow become traditional  among those who inherit and share the social [rules] to which the subcultural characteristics are a response .

People 's needs are virtually ignored and conditions of work are so arranged that people can not interfere to any significant extent .
people 's needs are virtually ignored and [rules] of work are so arranged that people can not interfere to any significant extent .

Subordinates may have a better knowledge of  local  conditions affecting their area of work .
subordinates may have a better knowledge of  local  [rules] affecting their area of work .

Delegation should allow greater flexibility , a quicker response to changing conditions , and speedier decision-making .
delegation should allow greater flexibility , a quicker response to changing [rules] , and speedier decision-making .

the right to organise conditions of working and methods of decision-making .
the right to organise [rules] of working and methods of decision-making .

The physical environment can be altered by a manager , who may be able to regulate noise levels at work , comfort and security of working conditions , seating arrangements , the use of open-plan offices or segregation into many small offices , the physical proximity of departments as well as individuals .
the physical environment can be altered by a manager , who may be able to regulate noise levels at work , comfort and security of working [rules] , seating arrangements , the use of open-plan offices or segregation into many small offices , the physical proximity of departments as well as individuals .

 From decentralisation we get initiative , responsibility , development of personnel , decisions close to the facts , flexibility in short , all the qualities necessary for an organisation to adapt to new conditions .
 from decentralisation we get initiative , responsibility , development of personnel , decisions close to the facts , flexibility in short , all the qualities necessary for an organisation to adapt to new [rules] .

Environmental factors ( eg. geography , socio-cultural conditions , the legal and political environment etc ) may pull towards delegation or centralisation , for example :
environmental factors ( eg. geography , socio-cultural [rules] , the legal and political environment etc ) may pull towards delegation or centralisation , for example :

The contingency approach states that while a particular structure may create optimum efficiency in an organisation , this ideal structure will vary according to the internal and external conditions of each organisation .
the contingency approach states that while a particular structure may create optimum efficiency in an organisation , this ideal structure will vary according to the internal and external [rules] of each organisation .

Such organisations are flexible and constantly changing : they adapt to the environment in order to create or maintain the conditions necessary for success in the task , and do not become a mere part of the machinery as , for example , project teams are disbanded as soon as their task has been completed .
such organisations are flexible and constantly changing : they adapt to the environment in order to create or maintain the [rules] necessary for success in the task , and do not become a mere part of the machinery as , for example , project teams are disbanded as soon as their task has been completed .

The technology of the organisation : an important school of thought best known through the works of Eric Trist and Joan Woodward suggests that the most efficient structure of an organisation will be one which is suited to the technological conditions of the work ( ie the equipment , methods of working , the nature of automation etc ) .
the technology of the organisation : an important school of thought best known through the works of eric trist and joan woodward suggests that the most efficient structure of an organisation will be one which is suited to the technological [rules] of the work ( ie the equipment , methods of working , the nature of automation etc ) .

Burns and Stalker contrasted the organic structure of management , which is more suitable to conditions of change , with a mechanistic system of management , which is more suited to stable conditions .
burns and stalker contrasted the organic structure of management , which is more suitable to [rules] of change , with a mechanistic system of management , which is more suited to stable [rules] .

Mechanistic systems are unsuitable in conditions of change because they tend to deal with change by cumbersome methods . For example :
mechanistic systems are unsuitable in [rules] of change because they tend to deal with change by cumbersome methods . for example :

Trist and his colleagues suggested that close managerial supervision was unsuitable to mining work , which was carried out in dangerous conditions .
trist and his colleagues suggested that close managerial supervision was unsuitable to mining work , which was carried out in dangerous [rules] .

As far as possible , the social conditions of the traditional system of mining were restored , while the  three-task  group was defined as the new primary work group for coal mining operations .
as far as possible , the social [rules] of the traditional system of mining were restored , while the  three-task  group was defined as the new primary work group for coal mining operations .

But the conditions of farming in a largely self-sufficient community , where needs could be satisfied without moving out of the village , made for at least a formal unity in the rural group .
but the [rules] of farming in a largely self-sufficient community , where needs could be satisfied without moving out of the village , made for at least a formal unity in the rural group .

The conditions of the farm-workers during the 1890s made gleaning essential : a loss of the gleaned corn would have meant actual hunger to many a farm-worker 's family during the ensuing year .
the [rules] of the farm-workers during the 1890s made gleaning essential : a loss of the gleaned corn would have meant actual hunger to many a farm-worker 's family during the ensuing year .

This often makes the new law ineffectual in the prevailing conditions , rather than in producing a solution .
this often makes the new law ineffectual in the prevailing [rules] , rather than in producing a solution .

If we can send men to the moon , and allow men to inhabit space for months on end , the simple construction of devices to shelter holidaymakers from any inclement conditions must be relatively easy by comparison .
if we can send men to the moon , and allow men to inhabit space for months on end , the simple construction of devices to shelter holidaymakers from any inclement [rules] must be relatively easy by comparison .

The probability is , that given equal weather , other conditions , and price , the average British holidaymaker would prefer to holiday at home : What we would have to do is extend that appeal to people abroad , by service , value and the many unique features which Britain had on offer .
the probability is , that given equal weather , other [rules] , and price , the average british holidaymaker would prefer to holiday at home : what we would have to do is extend that appeal to people abroad , by service , value and the many unique features which britain had on offer .

It seems incredible now , but no doubt the loss of revenue when conditions changed had deep and long-lasting effects .
it seems incredible now , but no doubt the loss of revenue when [rules] changed had deep and long-lasting effects .

His photographs of the landscape and monuments were taken under dangerous and difficult conditions .
his photographs of the landscape and monuments were taken under dangerous and difficult [rules] .

It should be noted , however , that he also protested against conditions at Newgate , particularly the presence of strangers in the chapel  pointing & whispering , to ye Confusion of ye wretched Men to Dye  .
it should be noted , however , that he also protested against [rules] at newgate , particularly the presence of strangers in the chapel  pointing & whispering , to ye confusion of ye wretched men to dye  .

In this way he acquired an unusually wide experience of railway engineering and management under difficult conditions .
in this way he acquired an unusually wide experience of railway engineering and management under difficult [rules] .

Thereafter she toured the world with formidable endurance under often gruelling conditions of travel , climate , and work .
thereafter she toured the world with formidable endurance under often gruelling [rules] of travel , climate , and work .

Both these surveys have survived , and they provide an important and unique view of housing conditions in London before the great fire of 1666 .
both these surveys have survived , and they provide an important and unique view of housing [rules] in london before the great fire of 1666 .

Baker 's sanitary reports on the cholera in Tyneside , and on housing and environmental conditions in Leeds , included a use of maps which brought him to wider notice .
baker 's sanitary reports on the cholera in tyneside , and on housing and environmental [rules] in leeds , included a use of maps which brought him to wider notice .

for the Women 's Trade Union League , setting up its legal advice bureau while studying labour law at University College London , mastering insurance regulations for workers ' compensation , and interviewing women factory inspectors on conditions in the workplace .
for the women 's trade union league , setting up its legal advice bureau while studying labour law at university college london , mastering insurance regulations for workers ' compensation , and interviewing women factory inspectors on [rules] in the workplace .

He showed that condensation would not take place under normal atmospheric conditions , even at high supersaturations , without the presence of dust particles to act as nuclei .
he showed that condensation would not take place under normal atmospheric [rules] , even at high supersaturations , without the presence of dust particles to act as nuclei .

Anne Lister 's journal and diaries are a valuable source of information about social life and conditions in Yorkshire at the time of the Industrial Revolution and also about social and economic conditions in Russia and many other parts of Europe .
anne lister 's journal and diaries are a valuable source of information about social life and [rules] in yorkshire at the time of the industrial revolution and also about social and economic [rules] in russia and many other parts of europe .

In May 1923 the Quakers sent Edith Pye to report on conditions in the French-occupied Ruhr .
in may 1923 the quakers sent edith pye to report on [rules] in the french-occupied ruhr .

Maritime historians rate his revelations of seafaring conditions highly .
maritime historians rate his revelations of seafaring [rules] highly .

From African experience he identified  the real colonial problem  as  natural poverty  and  conquering nature in tropical conditions  .
from african experience he identified  the real colonial problem  as  natural poverty  and  conquering nature in tropical [rules]  .

Dining well  implies both the will and the skill to reduce to order , and surround with idealisms and grace , the more material conditions of human existence  .
dining well  implies both the will and the skill to reduce to order , and surround with idealisms and grace , the more material [rules] of human existence  .

For the first twenty years he was confined in prison-like conditions , somewhat alleviated at Broadmoor , where terraces allowed views of the surrounding countryside .
for the first twenty years he was confined in prison-like [rules] , somewhat alleviated at broadmoor , where terraces allowed views of the surrounding countryside .

Both also joined the League of Nations Union , lecturing widely for it on world peace ; and in 1922 they toured Europe to investigate postwar conditions .
both also joined the league of nations union , lecturing widely for it on world peace ; and in 1922 they toured europe to investigate postwar [rules] .

However , by adept diplomacy , he was able to impose a form of pax Britannica on what had hitherto been a turbulent part of Africa and thereby maintain the conditions best suited for fostering trade .
however , by adept diplomacy , he was able to impose a form of pax britannica on what had hitherto been a turbulent part of africa and thereby maintain the [rules] best suited for fostering trade .

Poetry was a secondary interest that grew only when conditions in the trenches made composition almost impossible .
poetry was a secondary interest that grew only when [rules] in the trenches made composition almost impossible .

With her left hand she wrote Prison and Prisoners ( 1914 ) , an account of her suffragette experiences and an indictment of conditions in prisons .
with her left hand she wrote prison and prisoners ( 1914 ) , an account of her suffragette experiences and an indictment of [rules] in prisons .

For eleven years , loyally assisted by his wife , he had worked under almost intolerable conditions .
for eleven years , loyally assisted by his wife , he had worked under almost intolerable [rules] .

As assistant director of the Geological Survey of Scotland ( 190111 ) Horne established harmonious working conditions , set about the revision of the work on Scottish coalfields , saw to the publication of many memoirs , and recruited excellent young geologists .
as assistant director of the geological survey of scotland ( 190111 ) horne established harmonious working [rules] , set about the revision of the work on scottish coalfields , saw to the publication of many memoirs , and recruited excellent young geologists .

Her Social Conditions in Oxford ( 1912 ) grew out of her three earlier local preoccupations : housing reform , getting adolescents into skilled work , and ( through the Women 's Industrial Council ) extending women 's job opportunities .
her social [rules] in oxford ( 1912 ) grew out of her three earlier local preoccupations : housing reform , getting adolescents into skilled work , and ( through the women 's industrial council ) extending women 's job opportunities .

Robinson was an able engineer and administrator who took a keen interest in his men and their working conditions , especially those of locomotive footplate staff , whose spartan conditions he improved considerably .
robinson was an able engineer and administrator who took a keen interest in his men and their working [rules] , especially those of locomotive footplate staff , whose spartan [rules] he improved considerably .

His steam engine was awarded a prize of 100 by the Aeronautical Society for having the greatest power-to-weight ratio of all the fifteen engines exhibited , but unfortunately the triplane could never be tested in the still-air conditions to which it was suited , and so never proved itself to be , if indeed it was , a practical flying machine .
his steam engine was awarded a prize of 100 by the aeronautical society for having the greatest power-to-weight ratio of all the fifteen engines exhibited , but unfortunately the triplane could never be tested in the still-air [rules] to which it was suited , and so never proved itself to be , if indeed it was , a practical flying machine .

He concerned himself with alleviating the slave-like conditions of negroes in the West Indies , and when war broke out in the United States in 1861 he worked at getting financial and material support for emancipated negroes .
he concerned himself with alleviating the slave-like [rules] of negroes in the west indies , and when war broke out in the united states in 1861 he worked at getting financial and material support for emancipated negroes .

There were no startling innovations , as Scott found that his main task had to be the adaptation of the wartime organization of the Metropolitan Police to meet peacetime conditions , and he was hampered throughout by a manpower shortage for which it seemed that no solution could be found .
there were no startling innovations , as scott found that his main task had to be the adaptation of the wartime organization of the metropolitan police to meet peacetime [rules] , and he was hampered throughout by a manpower shortage for which it seemed that no solution could be found .

Even as far away as Australia commentators talked about a quiet revolution in the way Australians and their communities were responding to the types of learning challenges being presented to them by the changing social conditions of the 1970s and early 1980s .
even as far away as australia commentators talked about a quiet revolution in the way australians and their communities were responding to the types of learning challenges being presented to them by the changing social [rules] of the 1970s and early 1980s .

They decided to offer an alternative which , whilst concerned with collective efforts to improve social and economic conditions , would provide an education offering a real sense of achievement within an alternative curriculum linking local concerns with wider social and economic issues , hoping to provide an educational arm for the working class .
they decided to offer an alternative which , whilst concerned with collective efforts to improve social and economic [rules] , would provide an education offering a real sense of achievement within an alternative curriculum linking local concerns with wider social and economic issues , hoping to provide an educational arm for the working class .

In the 1960s feminism was a fairly middle-class affair  some would say it still is  except that in Britain , just as in the earlier suffrage , trade union and legal struggles around the turn of the century , working-class women have been strongly involved in campaigns to do with working conditions and wages , male violence , racism , childcare , housing and community action .
in the 1960s feminism was a fairly middle-class affair  some would say it still is  except that in britain , just as in the earlier suffrage , trade union and legal struggles around the turn of the century , working-class women have been strongly involved in campaigns to do with working [rules] and wages , male violence , racism , childcare , housing and community action .

Our Lady of Perpetual Succour was a church that contrived to be acutely uncomfortable under all climatic conditions .
our lady of perpetual succour was a church that contrived to be acutely uncomfortable under all climatic [rules] .

If these conditions are not satisfied the charge is valid only to the extent of any cash , goods or services supplied to the company , or the discharge of any liability of the company , where these take place  at the same time as , or after , the creation of the charge .
if these [rules] are not satisfied the charge is valid only to the extent of any cash , goods or services supplied to the company , or the discharge of any liability of the company , where these take place  at the same time as , or after , the creation of the charge .

Where the appointment is pursuant to a provision in the debenture then it must be clear that the conditions justifying the appointment have arisen otherwise the receiver will be a trespasser and also liable for conversion .
where the appointment is pursuant to a provision in the debenture then it must be clear that the [rules] justifying the appointment have arisen otherwise the receiver will be a trespasser and also liable for conversion .

Once the conditions for the enforcement of a charge have arisen English law places few constraints on the right of the security holder to enforce his charge and in this respect it is pro-security holder .
once the [rules] for the enforcement of a charge have arisen english law places few constraints on the right of the security holder to enforce his charge and in this respect it is pro-security holder .

Under section 228 when a parent company is itself a subsidiary and its immediate parent is established under the law of a member State , it may , if certain conditions are fulfilled , be exempt from the requirement to prepare group accounts .
under section 228 when a parent company is itself a subsidiary and its immediate parent is established under the law of a member state , it may , if certain [rules] are fulfilled , be exempt from the requirement to prepare group accounts .

But these conditions are strict .
but these [rules] are strict .

Moreover strict conditions are laid down to ensure that the company is included in consolidated accounts drawn up and audited in accordance with the Seventh Directive and made available to the British public .
moreover strict [rules] are laid down to ensure that the company is included in consolidated accounts drawn up and audited in accordance with the seventh directive and made available to the british public .

Under the new section 251 , a company , any of whose shares are officially listed , need not , in such circumstances as are specified by regulations and subject to complying with conditions so specified , send copies of the accounts and reports to members but may instead send them a summary financial statement , derived from the company 's annual accounts and directors ' report , in such form and containing such information as may be specified in the regulations .
under the new section 251 , a company , any of whose shares are officially listed , need not , in such circumstances as are specified by regulations and subject to complying with [rules] so specified , send copies of the accounts and reports to members but may instead send them a summary financial statement , derived from the company 's annual accounts and directors ' report , in such form and containing such information as may be specified in the regulations .

In fact , various conditions are laid down in the section itself ; in particular that the nature of the document must be made clear , and that it must contain a statement by the company 's auditors of their opinion on whether the statement is consistent with the accounts and reports and complies with the section and the regulations .
in fact , various [rules] are laid down in the section itself ; in particular that the nature of the document must be made clear , and that it must contain a statement by the company 's auditors of their opinion on whether the statement is consistent with the accounts and reports and complies with the section and the regulations .

Even if it meets these conditions , it will not be entitled to the concessions unless , at no time during the year , has it , or any member of the group of which it is a member , been a public company , a banking or insurance company or an authorised person under the Financial Services Acts and , if it is a parent company , unless the group qualifies as a small or medium-sized group .
even if it meets these [rules] , it will not be entitled to the concessions unless , at no time during the year , has it , or any member of the group of which it is a member , been a public company , a banking or insurance company or an authorised person under the financial services acts and , if it is a parent company , unless the group qualifies as a small or medium-sized group .

The conditions for qualification as a small or medium-sized group are broadly similar except that the maximum size of each of the three criteria is greater .
the [rules] for qualification as a small or medium-sized group are broadly similar except that the maximum size of each of the three criteria is greater .

The objective conditions
the objective [rules]

If it can not be shown that the person uttering the remarks intended to induce his victim to believe that he was about to engage in violence himself , or intended to provoke the object of his remarks into using unlawful violence , what will be termed here the objective conditions come into operation .
if it can not be shown that the person uttering the remarks intended to induce his victim to believe that he was about to engage in violence himself , or intended to provoke the object of his remarks into using unlawful violence , what will be termed here the objective [rules] come into operation .

This intent requirement is , of course , an alternative to the objective conditions , on which the prosecutor is far more likely to place reliance .
this intent requirement is , of course , an alternative to the objective [rules] , on which the prosecutor is far more likely to place reliance .

Although it may be important for sentencing purposes to know whether the conduct was deliberate or otherwise , it does not affect liability , so long as one or other of the conditions is satisfied .
although it may be important for sentencing purposes to know whether the conduct was deliberate or otherwise , it does not affect liability , so long as one or other of the [rules] is satisfied .

Power was conferred upon the chief officer of police to impose conditions on the holding of public processions where he had reasonable grounds to believe that serious public disorder was likely to ensue from the holding of a procession .
power was conferred upon the chief officer of police to impose [rules] on the holding of public processions where he had reasonable grounds to believe that serious public disorder was likely to ensue from the holding of a procession .

Even without notification , the police would be entitled to impose conditions on the holding of the procession .
even without notification , the police would be entitled to impose [rules] on the holding of the procession .

Imposing conditions on processions
imposing [rules] on processions

By section 12 , the senior police officer is empowered to impose conditions on the proposed march if he reasonably believes that it may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or alternatively that the purpose of persons organising the march is to intimidate others  with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do .
by section 12 , the senior police officer is empowered to impose [rules] on the proposed march if he reasonably believes that it may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or alternatively that the purpose of persons organising the march is to intimidate others  with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do .

By comparison with the previous law , which confined the ground to that of serious public disorder , this greatly extends the matters that the chief of police may take into account in deciding whether or not to impose conditions .
by comparison with the previous law , which confined the ground to that of serious public disorder , this greatly extends the matters that the chief of police may take into account in deciding whether or not to impose [rules] .

Such conditions might well be , as the police are in practice aware , counter-productive .
such [rules] might well be , as the police are in practice aware , counter-productive .

But if access to the ordinary commercial activity of a shopping precinct were to be blocked for a considerable period at a particularly busy time of day , so that people were prevented from conducting their ordinary business and social affairs , there is a disruption of sufficient significance to warrant the imposition of conditions .
but if access to the ordinary commercial activity of a shopping precinct were to be blocked for a considerable period at a particularly busy time of day , so that people were prevented from conducting their ordinary business and social affairs , there is a disruption of sufficient significance to warrant the imposition of [rules] .

In deciding whether or not the conditions exist for the issuing of conditions , the chief of police may take into account such factors as disturbances that have arisen in the past when the same organisation processed on a previous occasion .
in deciding whether or not the [rules] exist for the issuing of [rules] , the chief of police may take into account such factors as disturbances that have arisen in the past when the same organisation processed on a previous occasion .

If the route chosen by the marchers is such that there are places where the policing could not be adequate to prevent serious disorder , then conditions could be imposed .
if the route chosen by the marchers is such that there are places where the policing could not be adequate to prevent serious disorder , then [rules] could be imposed .

Where the grounds upon which it is intended to impose conditions are the intimidatory purposes of the persons organising , the chief constable is entitled to take into account the previous conduct of the organisers , including relevant criminal convictions if the organisers have any .
where the grounds upon which it is intended to impose [rules] are the intimidatory purposes of the persons organising , the chief constable is entitled to take into account the previous conduct of the organisers , including relevant criminal convictions if the organisers have any .

 The section is intended to give the police power to impose conditions on  coercive  marches which will not necessarily give rise to disorder ; a National Front march through a predominantly Asian district may well prompt many of the citizens simply to board up their properties and remain indoors .
 the section is intended to give the police power to impose [rules] on  coercive  marches which will not necessarily give rise to disorder ; a national front march through a predominantly asian district may well prompt many of the citizens simply to board up their properties and remain indoors .

Sometimes the purpose is simply intimidatory , as with the racist march , rather than an attempt to coerce persons into taking or not pursuing any particular course of action , and it is difficult to see that conditions could be imposed on a  racist  march on this ground alone .
sometimes the purpose is simply intimidatory , as with the racist march , rather than an attempt to coerce persons into taking or not pursuing any particular course of action , and it is difficult to see that [rules] could be imposed on a  racist  march on this ground alone .

In those circumstances , a chief constable who wishes to impose conditions would be justified in taking into account the risk of serious disorder and serious disruption to the life of the community , and impose conditions as to route on those alternative grounds .
in those circumstances , a chief constable who wishes to impose [rules] would be justified in taking into account the risk of serious disorder and serious disruption to the life of the community , and impose [rules] as to route on those alternative grounds .

The conditions are not limited to such matters and the timing of the procession or the numbers who may participate , so long as they are referable to the purposes mentioned .
the [rules] are not limited to such matters and the timing of the procession or the numbers who may participate , so long as they are referable to the purposes mentioned .

It is open to the senior police officer present to impose conditions under this section whilst the march is in process , and on the same grounds as those on which he may act in advance .
it is open to the senior police officer present to impose [rules] under this section whilst the march is in process , and on the same grounds as those on which he may act in advance .

If the chief of police reasonably believes that any conditions that he may impose will not prevent  serious public disorder ,  he shall apply to the district council for an order prohibiting for a specified period ( not exceeding three months ) the holding of all public processions or a specified class of processions .
if the chief of police reasonably believes that any [rules] that he may impose will not prevent  serious public disorder ,  he shall apply to the district council for an order prohibiting for a specified period ( not exceeding three months ) the holding of all public processions or a specified class of processions .

That is , if a group announces that it will organise a counter demonstration in opposition to one of which the police have been notified under section 11 , the police can if necessary subject the late comers to conditions imposed under sections 12 or 14 that effectively prevent the two groups from clashing , or permitting them to meet only in carefully controlled conditions .
that is , if a group announces that it will organise a counter demonstration in opposition to one of which the police have been notified under section 11 , the police can if necessary subject the late comers to [rules] imposed under sections 12 or 14 that effectively prevent the two groups from clashing , or permitting them to meet only in carefully controlled [rules] .

Unlike the power to impose conditions on processions , the grounds upon which a ban may be sought are still restricted to those of serious public disorder which the senior police officer believes that he will be unable to prevent , even taking into account the imposition of conditions under section 12 .
unlike the power to impose [rules] on processions , the grounds upon which a ban may be sought are still restricted to those of serious public disorder which the senior police officer believes that he will be unable to prevent , even taking into account the imposition of [rules] under section 12 .

The new provision differs from the old in one significant way , by altering the terminology in which the Act is couched from the senior police officer 's  opinion  that he is unable to prevent the serious public disorder to  reasonably believes  that the imposition of conditions will not enable him to preserve order .
the new provision differs from the old in one significant way , by altering the terminology in which the act is couched from the senior police officer 's  opinion  that he is unable to prevent the serious public disorder to  reasonably believes  that the imposition of [rules] will not enable him to preserve order .

Imposing conditions on public assemblies
imposing [rules] on public assemblies

For the first time in English law , the police are empowered by the Act to impose conditions upon public assemblies , both in advance of the assembly , and during the course of the gathering .
for the first time in english law , the police are empowered by the act to impose [rules] upon public assemblies , both in advance of the assembly , and during the course of the gathering .

The grounds upon which the powers to impose conditions may be exercised are very similar to those which are available in relation to processions ; section 14 provides that if the senior police officer believes that a public assembly may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or that the purposes of the persons organising it is to intimidate others with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do , he may impose conditions as to the place of the assembly , its maximum duration or the maximum number of persons who may constitute it as may appear to him necessary to prevent the disorder , damage , disruption or intimidation .
the grounds upon which the powers to impose [rules] may be exercised are very similar to those which are available in relation to processions ; section 14 provides that if the senior police officer believes that a public assembly may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or that the purposes of the persons organising it is to intimidate others with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do , he may impose [rules] as to the place of the assembly , its maximum duration or the maximum number of persons who may constitute it as may appear to him necessary to prevent the disorder , damage , disruption or intimidation .

There is no power under the section to impose any other sorts of conditions , such as those relating to the sorts of implements that may be carried at the assembly , or as to the apparel that may be worn , although these may fall within the general law relating to the possession of offensive weapons or the wearing of uniforms .
there is no power under the section to impose any other sorts of [rules] , such as those relating to the sorts of implements that may be carried at the assembly , or as to the apparel that may be worn , although these may fall within the general law relating to the possession of offensive weapons or the wearing of uniforms .

Insofar as the section enables instructions to be given well in advance of the public assembly , it might be thought to augment the existing powers , since the breach of the peace ( or other disorder ) may be some days distant when the conditions ( which must be in writing when they are given in advance ) are issued .
insofar as the section enables instructions to be given well in advance of the public assembly , it might be thought to augment the existing powers , since the breach of the peace ( or other disorder ) may be some days distant when the [rules] ( which must be in writing when they are given in advance ) are issued .

Where the gathering is already under way when the decision to impose conditions is taken , the section permits the  most senior in rank of the police officers present at the scene  to impose the conditions .
where the gathering is already under way when the decision to impose [rules] is taken , the section permits the  most senior in rank of the police officers present at the scene  to impose the [rules] .

As with the conditions imposed under section 12 , there is a danger that if they are too readily imposed , the powers could be used to implement disguised bans .
as with the [rules] imposed under section 12 , there is a danger that if they are too readily imposed , the powers could be used to implement disguised bans .

The point of a demonstration may be nullified if the target of the protest is not within the sight or hearing of the demonstrators , and it may be expected that it would only be in exceptional circumstances that conditions would be imposed preventing such a gathering .
the point of a demonstration may be nullified if the target of the protest is not within the sight or hearing of the demonstrators , and it may be expected that it would only be in exceptional circumstances that [rules] would be imposed preventing such a gathering .

Challenging the conditions
challenging the [rules]

No right of appeal is afforded by the Act against the imposition of conditions on either processions or assemblies nor on the power to impose bans .
no right of appeal is afforded by the act against the imposition of [rules] on either processions or assemblies nor on the power to impose bans .

Both sections 12 and 14 allow the senior police officer to impose conditions only if he  reasonably believes  that the stipulated events will occur , and the Government White Paper expressed the view that the new law would  ensure that demonstrators have an effective means of challenging any decision by the police to impose conditions which is not justified by a real risk of serious disorder , disruption or coercion .
both sections 12 and 14 allow the senior police officer to impose [rules] only if he  reasonably believes  that the stipulated events will occur , and the government white paper expressed the view that the new law would  ensure that demonstrators have an effective means of challenging any decision by the police to impose [rules] which is not justified by a real risk of serious disorder , disruption or coercion .

 In addition , a challenge may be issued by a person who is prosecuted with one of the offences to be considered that the conditions were improperly imposed in the first place .
 in addition , a challenge may be issued by a person who is prosecuted with one of the offences to be considered that the [rules] were improperly imposed in the first place .

The Act creates several offences , all of which are committed by organisation , participation or incitement in a controlled or banned procession , or controlled meeting in breach of the conditions imposed .
the act creates several offences , all of which are committed by organisation , participation or incitement in a controlled or banned procession , or controlled meeting in breach of the [rules] imposed .

Organising a procession , and knowingly failing to comply with the conditions imposed .
organising a procession , and knowingly failing to comply with the [rules] imposed .

This being so , liability would not be restricted to those persons named in the advance notice of the procession given in accordance with section 11 , but would also be imposed on marshalls or stewards who , for example , knowingly incited participants to ignore the conditions imposed .
this being so , liability would not be restricted to those persons named in the advance notice of the procession given in accordance with section 11 , but would also be imposed on marshalls or stewards who , for example , knowingly incited participants to ignore the [rules] imposed .

There is no requirement in the Act for the police to tell the individual that the procession or assembly is being held in breach of the conditions imposed .
there is no requirement in the act for the police to tell the individual that the procession or assembly is being held in breach of the [rules] imposed .

 The conditions for the application of the defence are cumulative rather than alternatives , so that if the publisher fails to meet any one of them , the defence fails .
 the [rules] for the application of the defence are cumulative rather than alternatives , so that if the publisher fails to meet any one of them , the defence fails .

Provided they honestly and reasonably form the opinion that there is a real risk of a breach of the peace in the sense that it is in close proximity both in place and time , then the conditions exist for reasonable preventive action including , if necessary , the measures taken in this case .
provided they honestly and reasonably form the opinion that there is a real risk of a breach of the peace in the sense that it is in close proximity both in place and time , then the [rules] exist for reasonable preventive action including , if necessary , the measures taken in this case .

The finding that  ee  occurred significantly less often in the gead condition than in the other two conditions shows that it is not only the single grapheme that is used as a unit in reading non-words aloud .
the finding that  ee  occurred significantly less often in the gead condition than in the other two [rules] shows that it is not only the single grapheme that is used as a unit in reading non-words aloud .

Reicher ( 1969 ) and Wheeler ( 1970 ) found that words of four letters are more accurately reported than single letters under tachistoscopic conditions , even when a forced choice technique is used to equate the chances of guessing .
reicher ( 1969 ) and wheeler ( 1970 ) found that words of four letters are more accurately reported than single letters under tachistoscopic [rules] , even when a forced choice technique is used to equate the chances of guessing .

The effect , however , turned out to be a somewhat elusive one in subsequent research , until the conditions under which it can be obtained were elucidated by Johnston and McClelland ( 1973 ) .
the effect , however , turned out to be a somewhat elusive one in subsequent research , until the [rules] under which it can be obtained were elucidated by johnston and mcclelland ( 1973 ) .

By comparing the frequency of fluent restorations in different conditions , it is possible to see whether preceding context affects the recognition point of a word .
by comparing the frequency of fluent restorations in different [rules] , it is possible to see whether preceding context affects the recognition point of a word .

This explanation is consistent with the finding that monitoring latencies were considerably slower in the two conditions where preceding words were of considerably less help in predicting target words .
this explanation is consistent with the finding that monitoring latencies were considerably slower in the two [rules] where preceding words were of considerably less help in predicting target words .

The results of the two monitoring tasks in the three context conditions are shown in Figure 12 .
the results of the two monitoring tasks in the three context [rules] are shown in figure 12 .

It will be seen that there is a constant difference ( about 140 milliseconds ) between the word monitoring and rhyme monitoring conditions .
it will be seen that there is a constant difference ( about 140 milliseconds ) between the word monitoring and rhyme monitoring [rules] .

Jarvella was interested in comparing the accuracy of recall for clauses in these two conditions .
jarvella was interested in comparing the accuracy of recall for clauses in these two [rules] .

With this explanation in mind , it is interesting to look at the accuracy of recall of clause ( 1 ) in the two conditions .
with this explanation in mind , it is interesting to look at the accuracy of recall of clause ( 1 ) in the two [rules] .

In order to compare processing of sentences in these two conditions , Marslen-Wilson et al .
in order to compare processing of sentences in these two [rules] , marslen-wilson et al .

In addition , there were three conditions of presentation .
in addition , there were three [rules] of presentation .

The two narrative conditions were expected to be of intermediate difficulty with the after-theme condition being easier than the no-theme .
the two narrative [rules] were expected to be of intermediate difficulty with the after-theme condition being easier than the no-theme .

As you would expect , the results of Thorndyke 's experiment showed that both comprehensibility and recall were highest in the story condition and lowest in the description condition with the two narrative conditions producing intermediate scores .
as you would expect , the results of thorndyke 's experiment showed that both comprehensibility and recall were highest in the story condition and lowest in the description condition with the two narrative [rules] producing intermediate scores .

For our present discussion , the most interesting finding concerns the difference between these two narrative conditions : both comprehensibility and recall were better in the after-theme condition than in the no-theme condition , although the recall difference did not reach significance .
for our present discussion , the most interesting finding concerns the difference between these two narrative [rules] : both comprehensibility and recall were better in the after-theme condition than in the no-theme condition , although the recall difference did not reach significance .

However , as has already been pointed out , Thorndyke 's study differed from the two earlier ones in that he used passages which maintained clear temporal sequencing , and clear clausal connections in both narrative conditions .
however , as has already been pointed out , thorndyke 's study differed from the two earlier ones in that he used passages which maintained clear temporal sequencing , and clear clausal connections in both narrative [rules] .

We noted that in Thorndyke 's ( 1977 ) experiment the difference between recall scores in the two narrative conditions did not reach significance .
we noted that in thorndyke 's ( 1977 ) experiment the difference between recall scores in the two narrative [rules] did not reach significance .

They compared performance in two conditions .
they compared performance in two [rules] .

Haviland and Clark ( 1974 ) therefore devised pairs of context and target sentences in which the amount of repetition was the same in the direct and indirect antecedent conditions .
haviland and clark ( 1974 ) therefore devised pairs of context and target sentences in which the amount of repetition was the same in the direct and indirect antecedent [rules] .

Haviland and Clark found that the reaction time difference between the two conditions remained and therefore concluded that the additional time taken to comprehend the target sentence in the indirect antecedent condition arose because of the need to draw a bridging inference .
haviland and clark found that the reaction time difference between the two [rules] remained and therefore concluded that the additional time taken to comprehend the target sentence in the indirect antecedent condition arose because of the need to draw a bridging inference .

The difference between these conditions was striking : 154 passives were produced when the acted-upon was more animate and only 3 when the actor was more animate .
the difference between these [rules] was striking : 154 passives were produced when the acted-upon was more animate and only 3 when the actor was more animate .

Under ordinary border conditions they often become stunted and their leaves burned at the edges because they are too dry , so the only place in which they can be grown properly is a bog garden .
under ordinary border [rules] they often become stunted and their leaves burned at the edges because they are too dry , so the only place in which they can be grown properly is a bog garden .

The latter effectively reduces the amount of sunlight falling directly into the water and generally makes conditions inhospitable for the growth of algae .
the latter effectively reduces the amount of sunlight falling directly into the water and generally makes [rules] inhospitable for the growth of algae .

It depends what conditions are like when we start climbin ' up to the pass .
it depends what [rules] are like when we start climbin ' up to the pass .

What was remarkable about this state of affairs , however , was not the difficulties of parliamentary control that the executive experienced , but its ability , even in those difficult conditions , to get a great deal of legislation passed and to remain in office .
what was remarkable about this state of affairs , however , was not the difficulties of parliamentary control that the executive experienced , but its ability , even in those difficult [rules] , to get a great deal of legislation passed and to remain in office .

As economic circumstances and social conditions change , the parties too must change if they are to retain the confidence of enough voters to achieve office .
as economic circumstances and social [rules] change , the parties too must change if they are to retain the confidence of enough voters to achieve office .

It is frequently not practicable to withhold benefits gained by the organization from non-joiners in the same area of activity ( wage increases or better working conditions , for example ) .
it is frequently not practicable to withhold benefits gained by the organization from non-joiners in the same area of activity ( wage increases or better working [rules] , for example ) .

The particular emphasis placed on one or other of these depends on a variety of conditions , such as the  legitimacy  of the group , the nature of the demand , the stage of the decision process reached and the nature of the political process itself .
the particular emphasis placed on one or other of these depends on a variety of [rules] , such as the  legitimacy  of the group , the nature of the demand , the stage of the decision process reached and the nature of the political process itself .

In the 1980s , in principle at least , government drew back from collusion with pressure groups and tried to leave economic market conditions to decide policy .
in the 1980s , in principle at least , government drew back from collusion with pressure groups and tried to leave economic market [rules] to decide policy .

Under conditions of a clear parliamentary majority , the choice of when to hold an election lies with the Prime Minister .
under [rules] of a clear parliamentary majority , the choice of when to hold an election lies with the prime minister .

The successor republics have all adopted presidential-type systems , although the degree of power and authority inhering in the executive president varies from republic to republic and according to prevailing political conditions .
the successor republics have all adopted presidential-type systems , although the degree of power and authority inhering in the executive president varies from republic to republic and according to prevailing political [rules] .

As a result , much of the work of contemporary assemblies should be viewed in the context of institutions struggling to adapt to massively changed social and world conditions and to impose some check upon the burgeoning executive bureaucracies .
as a result , much of the work of contemporary assemblies should be viewed in the context of institutions struggling to adapt to massively changed social and world [rules] and to impose some check upon the burgeoning executive bureaucracies .

Attempts to establish such relations firmly in the successor republics are still going on , but the crisis inherent in contemporary political conditions is likely to result in strong executives .
attempts to establish such relations firmly in the successor republics are still going on , but the crisis inherent in contemporary political [rules] is likely to result in strong executives .

In conditions of complex interdependence , military force will have no utility .
in [rules] of complex interdependence , military force will have no utility .

This refers to the extent to which the organization has complied with the conditions laid down in its authority to spend .
this refers to the extent to which the organization has complied with the [rules] laid down in its authority to spend .

These conditions might be imposed internally , by a budget ; in which case , fiscal compliance will be demonstrated by a comparison of actual spending with budgeted spending .
these [rules] might be imposed internally , by a budget ; in which case , fiscal compliance will be demonstrated by a comparison of actual spending with budgeted spending .

Or the conditions might be imposed by the law : for example , spending limits fixed as a percentage of last year 's spending .
or the [rules] might be imposed by the law : for example , spending limits fixed as a percentage of last year 's spending .

One of the objectives of current cost accounting is to produce a more acceptable income figure under conditions of rising prices .
one of the objectives of current cost accounting is to produce a more acceptable income figure under [rules] of rising prices .

The financial decision is taken , in the light of current market conditions , to issue stock redeemable in equal annual instalments of principal and interest over the ten years following completion of the bridge .
the financial decision is taken , in the light of current market [rules] , to issue stock redeemable in equal annual instalments of principal and interest over the ten years following completion of the bridge .

In advanced stages of instruction students are guided towards techniques of self-defence , under realistic conditions .
in advanced stages of instruction students are guided towards techniques of self-defence , under realistic [rules] .

These  real fight  conditions , are absolutely invaluable to the student .
these  real fight  [rules] , are absolutely invaluable to the student .

The first grading is very important , since it gives the sensei the opportunity to assess how each new student performs under examination conditions .
the first grading is very important , since it gives the sensei the opportunity to assess how each new student performs under examination [rules] .

Semi-free sparring involves the beginner in an actual fighting situation under controlled conditions .
semi-free sparring involves the beginner in an actual fighting situation under controlled [rules] .

To the outsider it may look somewhat robotic in its execution ; but each technique that is performed helps to familiarize the students with real conditions under fire .
to the outsider it may look somewhat robotic in its execution ; but each technique that is performed helps to familiarize the students with real [rules] under fire .

Probably one of the most popular stances in taekwondo is the  walking stance  , which is well suited to a number of conditions that require rapid movement in all directions .
probably one of the most popular stances in taekwondo is the  walking stance  , which is well suited to a number of [rules] that require rapid movement in all directions .

This grew with the realization that deep chemical weathering would be the norm in many tropical areas and that many temperate areas included tor-like residuals which were a remnant from times when climatic conditions were warmer and wetter .
this grew with the realization that deep chemical weathering would be the norm in many tropical areas and that many temperate areas included tor-like residuals which were a remnant from times when climatic [rules] were warmer and wetter .

Bone samples in uniform temperature conditions
bone samples in uniform temperature [rules]

Although emphasis was initially upon recognition of the variety of landscape features , sediments and structures that could be developed under periglacial conditions , the potential subsequently arose of developing a greater knowledge of phases of periglacial landscape development , and in Poland and other countries in Europe this emphasis was clearly evident in research in the 1960s and much of the research was reflected in Periglacial Geomorphology ( Embleton and King , 1975 ) which was one of two books to derive from the earlier Glacial and Periglacial Geomorphology ( Embleton and King , 1968 ) .
although emphasis was initially upon recognition of the variety of landscape features , sediments and structures that could be developed under periglacial [rules] , the potential subsequently arose of developing a greater knowledge of phases of periglacial landscape development , and in poland and other countries in europe this emphasis was clearly evident in research in the 1960s and much of the research was reflected in periglacial geomorphology ( embleton and king , 1975 ) which was one of two books to derive from the earlier glacial and periglacial geomorphology ( embleton and king , 1968 ) .

 those aspects of the atmospheric sciences , which , to my mind , geographers with a knowledge of physics and mathematics are especially well equipped to study , namely the particular conditions of the planetary boundary layer  In draining the marsh , clearing the wood , cultivating the fields , and flooding the valleys , man has inadvertently changed the thermal , hydrological and roughness parameters of the earth 's surface and the chemical composition of the air  There are indeed very few  natural  boundary layer climates remaining 
 those aspects of the atmospheric sciences , which , to my mind , geographers with a knowledge of physics and mathematics are especially well equipped to study , namely the particular [rules] of the planetary boundary layer  in draining the marsh , clearing the wood , cultivating the fields , and flooding the valleys , man has inadvertently changed the thermal , hydrological and roughness parameters of the earth 's surface and the chemical composition of the air  there are indeed very few  natural  boundary layer climates remaining 

the spread of desert conditions for whatever reason , desert being land with sparse vegetation and very low productivity associated with aridity , the degradation being persistent or in extreme cases irreversible .
the spread of desert [rules] for whatever reason , desert being land with sparse vegetation and very low productivity associated with aridity , the degradation being persistent or in extreme cases irreversible .

What would be the effect of changing the public policy insofar as it constitutes a social guide to the conditions in which individuals or groups chose from the possible adjustments ?
what would be the effect of changing the public policy insofar as it constitutes a social guide to the [rules] in which individuals or groups chose from the possible adjustments ?

They therefore defined the hazardousness of a place as the complex of conditions which define the hazardous part of a region 's environment .
they therefore defined the hazardousness of a place as the complex of [rules] which define the hazardous part of a region 's environment .

In a series of chapters edited by Hewitt ( 1983 ) it is demonstrated how natural hazard is not uniquely dependent upon geophysical processes , human awareness is not dependent upon the geophysical conditions , and reaction to disaster may be dependent upon ongoing social order rather than explained by conditions or behaviour to calamitous events .
in a series of chapters edited by hewitt ( 1983 ) it is demonstrated how natural hazard is not uniquely dependent upon geophysical processes , human awareness is not dependent upon the geophysical [rules] , and reaction to disaster may be dependent upon ongoing social order rather than explained by [rules] or behaviour to calamitous events .

Open systems can import free energy ( or negative entropy ) into the system and they can behave equifinally whereby different initial conditions can lead to similar end results .
open systems can import free energy ( or negative entropy ) into the system and they can behave equifinally whereby different initial [rules] can lead to similar end results .

Broda , who was in 1975 in the Institute of Physical Chemistry in Vienna , then applies bioenergetics to early conditions on earth and to the ecosphere in general .
broda , who was in 1975 in the institute of physical chemistry in vienna , then applies bioenergetics to early [rules] on earth and to the ecosphere in general .

Neutralisation has an established legal pedigree and in contemporary conditions it remains a possible political formula to resolve or dampen down certain regional conflicts or to stabilise regional conditions which otherwise could escalate into a superpower confrontation .
neutralisation has an established legal pedigree and in contemporary [rules] it remains a possible political formula to resolve or dampen down certain regional conflicts or to stabilise regional [rules] which otherwise could escalate into a superpower confrontation .

In 1981 the three Indo-Chinese regimes presented a joint initiative aimed at normalising conditions in Southeast Asia and creating a zone of peace , stability and good neighbourliness .
in 1981 the three indo-chinese regimes presented a joint initiative aimed at normalising [rules] in southeast asia and creating a zone of peace , stability and good neighbourliness .

In September 1979 the Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Dong told the participants of the Havana Conference that  the victory of the Kampuchean people  ( Vietnamese occupation ) had created the conditions  for the construction of a peaceful , independent , neutral and non-aligned Kampuchea  .
in september 1979 the vietnamese prime minister van dong told the participants of the havana conference that  the victory of the kampuchean people  ( vietnamese occupation ) had created the [rules]  for the construction of a peaceful , independent , neutral and non-aligned kampuchea  .

Brezhnev 's proposals for the Gulf were characterised as an  extension of the conditions which the Soviet Union set earlier on the normalisation of conditions in the basin of the Indian Ocean , on transforming it into a zone of peace  .
brezhnev 's proposals for the gulf were characterised as an  extension of the [rules] which the soviet union set earlier on the normalisation of [rules] in the basin of the indian ocean , on transforming it into a zone of peace  .

As in the case of Soviet proposals for zones of peace elsewhere they contributed , however , to the creation of inhospitable local conditions for the Western military presence and formed part of the Soviet policy of military denial .
as in the case of soviet proposals for zones of peace elsewhere they contributed , however , to the creation of inhospitable local [rules] for the western military presence and formed part of the soviet policy of military denial .

If Third World states and the Soviet bloc promoted their ideas on the neutralisation of countries or territories in the Third World through their respective plans for Southeast Asia and the Persian Gulf , then the Western powers indicated the conditions under which they believed neutralisation was most appropriate in the Third World when they proposed the neutralisation of Afghanistan at the beginning of the 1980s .
if third world states and the soviet bloc promoted their ideas on the neutralisation of countries or territories in the third world through their respective plans for southeast asia and the persian gulf , then the western powers indicated the [rules] under which they believed neutralisation was most appropriate in the third world when they proposed the neutralisation of afghanistan at the beginning of the 1980s .

When Prime Minister Bulganin declared Soviet readiness to abandon Porkkala in September 1955 he suggested that  the removal of military bases situated on foreign territory by other states also would significantly assist the further relief of international tension and assist the creation of conditions to end the arms race  .
when prime minister bulganin declared soviet readiness to abandon porkkala in september 1955 he suggested that  the removal of military bases situated on foreign territory by other states also would significantly assist the further relief of international tension and assist the creation of [rules] to end the arms race  .

Soviet spokesmen claim that the revised conditions governing American access to these bases since 1983 still permit the Americans  unlimited possibilities to use the bases for their operational goals  .
soviet spokesmen claim that the revised [rules] governing american access to these bases since 1983 still permit the americans  unlimited possibilities to use the bases for their operational goals  .

Such conditions , shown in Fig .
such [rules] , shown in fig .

Each sea and ocean tends to have a maximum wave size ( Zenkovich , 1967 ) depending upon the size and shape of the basin and the weather conditions .
each sea and ocean tends to have a maximum wave size ( zenkovich , 1967 ) depending upon the size and shape of the basin and the weather [rules] .

The problem curiously resembles the formation of patterned ground in periglacial conditions ( Chapter 15 ) : the reasons for the initiation are difficult to discover , the reasons for the maintenance of the pattern are reasonably clear .
the problem curiously resembles the formation of patterned ground in periglacial [rules] ( chapter 15 ) : the reasons for the initiation are difficult to discover , the reasons for the maintenance of the pattern are reasonably clear .

Thus the optimum conditions for coastal terrace development would seem to be areas with small tidal ranges .
thus the optimum [rules] for coastal terrace development would seem to be areas with small tidal ranges .

Surges , or storm surges , are accentuations of tidal conditions by suitable meteorological situations .
surges , or storm surges , are accentuations of tidal [rules] by suitable meteorological situations .

If the wave front approaches parallel to a coastline sand and shingle merely move up and down the beach , but under the more usual conditions of oblique approach the movement is not quite so simple .
if the wave front approaches parallel to a coastline sand and shingle merely move up and down the beach , but under the more usual [rules] of oblique approach the movement is not quite so simple .

For short periods the dominant direction of the drift may be reversed by abnormal wind conditions .
for short periods the dominant direction of the drift may be reversed by abnormal wind [rules] .

We can say that a given pattern of cusps is associated with given conditions of beach material , beach gradient and wave characteristics .
we can say that a given pattern of cusps is associated with given [rules] of beach material , beach gradient and wave characteristics .

In addition , the sea floor , which has a very gentle gradient , is probably composed largely of unconsolidated glacial deposits , with the result that conditions are ideal for the formation of offshore features .
in addition , the sea floor , which has a very gentle gradient , is probably composed largely of unconsolidated glacial deposits , with the result that [rules] are ideal for the formation of offshore features .

Scolt Head Island , the most fully developed offshore bar on the Norfolk coast , has had a history comparable with the above idealised conditions .
scolt head island , the most fully developed offshore bar on the norfolk coast , has had a history comparable with the above idealised [rules] .

The necessary conditions for the formation of sand dunes are a wide foreshore exposed at low tide so that the wind blowing over it can dry the sand and set it in motion ; something to trap the sand and cause it to start accumulating ; and plants to colonise the pile of sand and by binding it together to prevent its complete destruction by the wind or high tides .
the necessary [rules] for the formation of sand dunes are a wide foreshore exposed at low tide so that the wind blowing over it can dry the sand and set it in motion ; something to trap the sand and cause it to start accumulating ; and plants to colonise the pile of sand and by binding it together to prevent its complete destruction by the wind or high tides .

Under certain conditions the blow out may not become stabilised , so that the mass of sand migrates slowly in the direction of the resultant of onshore winds with trailing arms of partly vegetated sand on either side of the original blow out .
under certain [rules] the blow out may not become stabilised , so that the mass of sand migrates slowly in the direction of the resultant of onshore winds with trailing arms of partly vegetated sand on either side of the original blow out .

With continuing deposition the nature of the plant cover slowly changes , as various species are adapted to slightly different conditions of flooding .
with continuing deposition the nature of the plant cover slowly changes , as various species are adapted to slightly different [rules] of flooding .

In these areas and between the laterals of the bars and spits , where the movement of the tide is usually unaccompanied by marked wave action , conditions are ideal for quiet deposition .
in these areas and between the laterals of the bars and spits , where the movement of the tide is usually unaccompanied by marked wave action , [rules] are ideal for quiet deposition .

These conditions hold on open oceanic coasts , for example the Atlantic coasts of Europe and Africa .
these [rules] hold on open oceanic coasts , for example the atlantic coasts of europe and africa .

Corals themselves require certain conditions for their growth , especially the compound corals that are the important reef-builders .
corals themselves require certain [rules] for their growth , especially the compound corals that are the important reef-builders .

Simple corals are found under somewhat more variable conditions .
simple corals are found under somewhat more variable [rules] .

According to Stoddart most reef corals grow at depths of less than 25 m ( 12 fathoms ) and optimum growth conditions appear at depths of less than 10 m ( 5 fathoms ) .
according to stoddart most reef corals grow at depths of less than 25 m ( 12 fathoms ) and optimum growth [rules] appear at depths of less than 10 m ( 5 fathoms ) .

As with most classifications of natural phenomena the exact forms of which are governed by the interactions of continuously variable sets of conditions , the classification can be as complex as one likes and the only non-controversial classification is that which puts each reef in a class of its own .
as with most classifications of natural phenomena the exact forms of which are governed by the interactions of continuously variable sets of [rules] , the classification can be as complex as one likes and the only non-controversial classification is that which puts each reef in a class of its own .

Again , in some areas where conditions throughout appear to be favourable to corals , coral reefs and banks will be found on some submerged banks and not on others , for example in the Laccadive Islands in the Indian Ocean .
again , in some areas where [rules] throughout appear to be favourable to corals , coral reefs and banks will be found on some submerged banks and not on others , for example in the laccadive islands in the indian ocean .

Conditions favouring deltaic accumulation are :
[rules] favouring deltaic accumulation are :

Not only can the physical conditions be interpreted from the stratigraphy , but the actual climate can be estimated from the vegetation preserved in the deposits .
not only can the physical [rules] be interpreted from the stratigraphy , but the actual climate can be estimated from the vegetation preserved in the deposits .

True marine conditions probably prevailed only in the north of the Fens but brackish conditions further south are witnessed by some of the fossils .
true marine [rules] probably prevailed only in the north of the fens but brackish [rules] further south are witnessed by some of the fossils .

Beds representing marine invasions may contain marine shells or brackish water shells , thus giving an indication of local conditions .
beds representing marine invasions may contain marine shells or brackish water shells , thus giving an indication of local [rules] .

Freshwater beds may be shown to represent either marsh or river conditions by the nature of the freshwater Mollusca they contain .
freshwater beds may be shown to represent either marsh or river [rules] by the nature of the freshwater mollusca they contain .

Under suitable conditions pollen is well preserved in certain deposits especially in peats .
under suitable [rules] pollen is well preserved in certain deposits especially in peats .

Careful sampling of such beds at close intervals by boring tools which reduce the risk of contamination to a minimum , followed by laboratory treatment designed to separate the pollen grains , allows the investigator to build up a picture of the vegetation conditions prevailing during the period of deposition of the bed .
careful sampling of such beds at close intervals by boring tools which reduce the risk of contamination to a minimum , followed by laboratory treatment designed to separate the pollen grains , allows the investigator to build up a picture of the vegetation [rules] prevailing during the period of deposition of the bed .

The actual vegetation may not be identical owing to varying local conditions but there is sufficient affinity to make correlations reasonably certain .
the actual vegetation may not be identical owing to varying local [rules] but there is sufficient affinity to make correlations reasonably certain .

In areas near the Pleistocene ice sheets the advent of tundra conditions usually resulted in the rapid weathering of large quantities of material so that the load of the streams was increased in both amount and calibre .
in areas near the pleistocene ice sheets the advent of tundra [rules] usually resulted in the rapid weathering of large quantities of material so that the load of the streams was increased in both amount and calibre .

In these difficult conditions the question whether nick points related to rejuvenation are present can sometimes be decided by a study of the long profiles of terraces downstream : as many terraces as there are nick points should merge with the present river profile at the hard bed .
in these difficult [rules] the question whether nick points related to rejuvenation are present can sometimes be decided by a study of the long profiles of terraces downstream : as many terraces as there are nick points should merge with the present river profile at the hard bed .

Under certain extremely favourable natural conditions the break through the neck of the spur may lead to the formation of a natural arch , but this is unlikely in humid climates such as that of Britain , as chemical weathering would probably never allow such a formation .
under certain extremely favourable natural [rules] the break through the neck of the spur may lead to the formation of a natural arch , but this is unlikely in humid climates such as that of britain , as chemical weathering would probably never allow such a formation .

Other possible sources of error are to be found in the assumptions that conditions of climate and load-discharge have changed little .
other possible sources of error are to be found in the assumptions that [rules] of climate and load-discharge have changed little .

Arid and semi-arid conditions stretch over much of Central Asia and the Near East , as well as covering large areas of Australia , Africa and North and South America .
arid and semi-arid [rules] stretch over much of central asia and the near east , as well as covering large areas of australia , africa and north and south america .

There was probably a diminution in the width of the deserts due to the encroachment of humid temperate conditions on their high latitude sides and to the stability of the equatorial belt on the other side .
there was probably a diminution in the width of the deserts due to the encroachment of humid temperate [rules] on their high latitude sides and to the stability of the equatorial belt on the other side .

The Trias in this country was a time of desert conditions so that the forms exhumed from beneath its rocks will have to be compared with modern desert landforms .
the trias in this country was a time of desert [rules] so that the forms exhumed from beneath its rocks will have to be compared with modern desert landforms .

Excluding the cold tundra , deserts range from 50 degrees North in Central Asia to within a few degrees of the equator in South America , with the result that temperature conditions vary considerably .
excluding the cold tundra , deserts range from 50 degrees north in central asia to within a few degrees of the equator in south america , with the result that temperature [rules] vary considerably .

Weathering under arid conditions
weathering under arid [rules]

Various surface and subsurface crusts are found in many deserts , but it is doubtful how far many of them are forming under present conditions .
various surface and subsurface crusts are found in many deserts , but it is doubtful how far many of them are forming under present [rules] .

Finally , in very different conditions very small barchans have been observed to form in very cold ice crystals as long as the wind remained absolutely constant in direction .
finally , in very different [rules] very small barchans have been observed to form in very cold ice crystals as long as the wind remained absolutely constant in direction .

It must also be remembered , however , that there is every reason to believe that dunes will represent the interaction between local wind and sand conditions and the resultants of short term and long term changes in these conditions .
it must also be remembered , however , that there is every reason to believe that dunes will represent the interaction between local wind and sand [rules] and the resultants of short term and long term changes in these [rules] .

Although special conditions operate in this desert , very heavy convectional showers occur occasionally in most deserts , such as Egypt ( Hume , 1925 ) .
although special [rules] operate in this desert , very heavy convectional showers occur occasionally in most deserts , such as egypt ( hume , 1925 ) .

Therefore , in the true deserts one is thrown back more strongly on to past climatic conditions to explain obviously water-formed features .
therefore , in the true deserts one is thrown back more strongly on to past climatic [rules] to explain obviously water-formed features .

It seems very doubtful whether the required amount of water ever falls in present conditions and many authorities have attributed such erosion to a wetter period during the Pleistocene .
it seems very doubtful whether the required amount of water ever falls in present [rules] and many authorities have attributed such erosion to a wetter period during the pleistocene .

It seems easier to relate landforms in many deserts to earlier wetter periods than to present conditions .
it seems easier to relate landforms in many deserts to earlier wetter periods than to present [rules] .

These wadis are too long and , in many places , form too integrated a pattern for them to have been formed under present climatic conditions .
these wadis are too long and , in many places , form too integrated a pattern for them to have been formed under present climatic [rules] .

In local government the existence of Standing Orders , codes of conduct , and conditions of service clearly stipulate what can and can not be done in certain circumstances .
in local government the existence of standing orders , codes of conduct , and [rules] of service clearly stipulate what can and can not be done in certain circumstances .

The stable mechanistic organisation form is more appropriate when the following conditions hold :
the stable mechanistic organisation form is more appropriate when the following [rules] hold :

The original intention behind the research was to measure the effect on the individual worker of variations in the work conditions .
the original intention behind the research was to measure the effect on the individual worker of variations in the work [rules] .

where norms of co-operation and high output are established because of a feeling of importance , physical conditions may have little impact .
where norms of co-operation and high output are established because of a feeling of importance , physical [rules] may have little impact .

working conditions ; o interpersonal relations with supervisors ;
working [rules] ; o interpersonal relations with supervisors ;

He knows that it is his business to contribute something of his own to this store of experience ; and that he should play his part in moulding it and improving it to meet changing conditions .
he knows that it is his business to contribute something of his own to this store of experience ; and that he should play his part in moulding it and improving it to meet changing [rules] .

Any attempt to win better pay or conditions through industrial action is criticised by the government as selfish and , insofar as many nurses agree with this , then such prevailing beliefs are a very powerful tool in the hands of government .
any attempt to win better pay or [rules] through industrial action is criticised by the government as selfish and , insofar as many nurses agree with this , then such prevailing beliefs are a very powerful tool in the hands of government .

The region or local office may feel that it is being dictated to by a central office that has no understanding of local needs and conditions .
the region or local office may feel that it is being dictated to by a central office that has no understanding of local needs and [rules] .

We might be able to do the same job elsewhere under better working conditions .
we might be able to do the same job elsewhere under better working [rules] .

The administrative officer working within the civil service may compare pay and conditions with similar jobs in the private sector such as a building society .
the administrative officer working within the civil service may compare pay and [rules] with similar jobs in the private sector such as a building society .

Lewis Gunn provided civil servants with a number of conditions which would have to be satisfied if perfect implementation of policies were to be achieved ( Hogwood and Gunn , 1984 , pp .
lewis gunn provided civil servants with a number of [rules] which would have to be satisfied if perfect implementation of policies were to be achieved ( hogwood and gunn , 1984 , pp .

the economic environment changed with the Labour Government obtaining a loan from the International Monetary Fund in 1975 which had conditions attached to it requiring cuts in public expenditure ;
the economic environment changed with the labour government obtaining a loan from the international monetary fund in 1975 which had [rules] attached to it requiring cuts in public expenditure ;

the introduction of independent study modules into those fields wishing to include them , under carefully controlled conditions including prior approval of the work scheme and assessment schedule ( by 198687 24 fields included these ) ;
the introduction of independent study modules into those fields wishing to include them , under carefully controlled [rules] including prior approval of the work scheme and assessment schedule ( by 198687 24 fields included these ) ;

to deal with entries entailing exemption from part of the Course on behalf of the Polytechnic Dispensations Committee , to set appropriate conditions for such entries and to report them to the Dispensations Committee ; and
to deal with entries entailing exemption from part of the course on behalf of the polytechnic dispensations committee , to set appropriate [rules] for such entries and to report them to the dispensations committee ; and

The accurate hitting of targets in September owes much to the decisions made as to whether or not to confirm offers to those who have not quite met the conditions , a process strongly influenced by estimates ( based on past experience ) of the likely take up by those that have .
the accurate hitting of targets in september owes much to the decisions made as to whether or not to confirm offers to those who have not quite met the [rules] , a process strongly influenced by estimates ( based on past experience ) of the likely take up by those that have .

In practice this means constructing questionnaires on the basis of preliminary interviews , administering pilot versions of the questionnaire under conditions which allow respondents to identify shortcomings and so on .
in practice this means constructing questionnaires on the basis of preliminary interviews , administering pilot versions of the questionnaire under [rules] which allow respondents to identify shortcomings and so on .

Various conditions for achieving each of the course 's many awards were changed .
various [rules] for achieving each of the course 's many awards were changed .

By sticking to a small basic unit ( 100 or 120 hours of student effort ) delivered across terms ( three per year , and with the development of a summer school , potentially four ) Oxford has established a pattern of regular assessment , and regular award-making examinations boards , that depends upon an intensity of academic staff commitment that other institutions would find difficult if not impossible to implement within the current framework of practice and conditions of service .
by sticking to a small basic unit ( 100 or 120 hours of student effort ) delivered across terms ( three per year , and with the development of a summer school , potentially four ) oxford has established a pattern of regular assessment , and regular award-making examinations boards , that depends upon an intensity of academic staff commitment that other institutions would find difficult if not impossible to implement within the current framework of practice and [rules] of service .

Bulawayo was another such , and there the large white railway population voted en masse not to join the Union of South Africa in the referendum of 1922 because the considered that conditions of railway employment were poorer there .
bulawayo was another such , and there the large white railway population voted en masse not to join the union of south africa in the referendum of 1922 because the considered that [rules] of railway employment were poorer there .

The poor record of black conditions on American railways is well illustrated in the manner in which several civil rights leaders emerged from railway employment .
the poor record of black [rules] on american railways is well illustrated in the manner in which several civil rights leaders emerged from railway employment .

Jam , chocolate , and biscuits began to be produced under factory conditions and shipped out by rail , thus introducing household names in food-production like Huntley and Palmer at Reading and Cadbury at Bournville .
jam , chocolate , and biscuits began to be produced under factory [rules] and shipped out by rail , thus introducing household names in food-production like huntley and palmer at reading and cadbury at bournville .

The railways had to accommodate a wide variety of produce under different conditions and at different times of the year .
the railways had to accommodate a wide variety of produce under different [rules] and at different times of the year .

Such settlement , indeed , took place just in time , before the First World War created a whole new set of conditions .
such settlement , indeed , took place just in time , before the first world war created a whole new set of [rules] .

Not all of the conditions of these land grants were fulfilled , but the companies still secured almost 140 million acres .
not all of the [rules] of these land grants were fulfilled , but the companies still secured almost 140 million acres .

These are informal groups operating in a wide diversity of localities and conditions , with very different structures and objectives .
these are informal groups operating in a wide diversity of localities and [rules] , with very different structures and objectives .

Drawing some inspiration from the American system of neighbourhood law firms but adapting themselves to local conditions and the rules of the legal profession in this country , the law centres now provide a local base for the dissemination of legal services outside the private profession .
drawing some inspiration from the american system of neighbourhood law firms but adapting themselves to local [rules] and the rules of the legal profession in this country , the law centres now provide a local base for the dissemination of legal services outside the private profession .

After much acrimony an agreement was reached in 1977 about the conditions under which the Law Society would grant waivers to law centres and it was thereafter no longer a source of difficulty .
after much acrimony an agreement was reached in 1977 about the [rules] under which the law society would grant waivers to law centres and it was thereafter no longer a source of difficulty .

The subject-matter of the problems dealt with by a law centre will tend to reflect local community conditions and housing , employment , social security and consumer problems are likely to be predominant .
the subject-matter of the problems dealt with by a law centre will tend to reflect local community [rules] and housing , employment , social security and consumer problems are likely to be predominant .

First , the successful unassisted party in an action where the opponent is legally aided may be awarded costs against the Legal Aid Board where certain statutory conditions are met .
first , the successful unassisted party in an action where the opponent is legally aided may be awarded costs against the legal aid board where certain statutory [rules] are met .

It only applies in specified courts , for specified proceedings , and to those who fall within the financial conditions and have reasonable grounds for taking , defending or being party to an action .
it only applies in specified courts , for specified proceedings , and to those who fall within the financial [rules] and have reasonable grounds for taking , defending or being party to an action .

On receipt of such an application , the Area Director will consider the financial conditions of the applicant and the merits of the applicant 's case .
on receipt of such an application , the area director will consider the financial [rules] of the applicant and the merits of the applicant 's case .

If the application is approved by the Area Director , a representation certificate is issued , subject to the acceptance by the applicant of any conditions attached to it .
if the application is approved by the area director , a representation certificate is issued , subject to the acceptance by the applicant of any [rules] attached to it .

 If the applicant is successful but there are conditions attached or there is a contribution to pay , an offer of a certificate with a requirement to accept the conditions or pay the contribution is made .
 if the applicant is successful but there are [rules] attached or there is a contribution to pay , an offer of a certificate with a requirement to accept the [rules] or pay the contribution is made .

The applicant has 28 days in which to signify acceptance of any conditions attached .
the applicant has 28 days in which to signify acceptance of any [rules] attached .

2 ) to admit the error of the earlier interpretation and relax the application of the conditions .
2 ) to admit the error of the earlier interpretation and relax the application of the [rules] .

The Royal Commission on Legal Services took a more fundamental view with regard to financial conditions , which has not been accepted .
the royal commission on legal services took a more fundamental view with regard to financial [rules] , which has not been accepted .

Representation under the legal aid scheme is not available for an arbitration hearing although the plaintiff and defendant may obtain legal advice and assistance if they meet the eligibility conditions .
representation under the legal aid scheme is not available for an arbitration hearing although the plaintiff and defendant may obtain legal advice and assistance if they meet the eligibility [rules] .

Terms and conditions
terms and [rules]

Therefore , the scattered solar radiation carries no information about conditions beneath the clouds .
therefore , the scattered solar radiation carries no information about [rules] beneath the clouds .

The first indication of conditions beneath the clouds came in 1956 .
the first indication of [rules] beneath the clouds came in 1956 .

It is possible that , perhaps for as much as its first 2000 Ma , Venus enjoyed clement conditions , with small open bodies of water , and rivers .
it is possible that , perhaps for as much as its first 2000 ma , venus enjoyed clement [rules] , with small open bodies of water , and rivers .

The term  bow shock  arises because of certain similarities between Figure 9.2 and the conditions at the bow of a boat when it is moving through water .
the term  bow shock  arises because of certain similarities between figure 9.2 and the [rules] at the bow of a boat when it is moving through water .

Also , the stronger the planetary field the larger the magnetosphere for given solar wind conditions .
also , the stronger the planetary field the larger the magnetosphere for given solar wind [rules] .

At altitudes below that at which the pressure is 0.2 bar the lapse-rate has the adiabatic value for Jovian conditions .
at altitudes below that at which the pressure is 0.2 bar the lapse-rate has the adiabatic value for jovian [rules] .

If both these conditions are satisfied then the solar radiation can to some extent provide the upward flow of heat by convection , thus reducing the outflow from greater depths .
if both these [rules] are satisfied then the solar radiation can to some extent provide the upward flow of heat by convection , thus reducing the outflow from greater depths .

Secondly , the concept of comprehensive assessment also requires that the process embodies certain principles which recognize the conditions essential for effective interprofessional dialogue and collaboration to take place . Two such essential principles were identified at this level , namely , that the assessment process :
secondly , the concept of comprehensive assessment also requires that the process embodies certain principles which recognize the [rules] essential for effective interprofessional dialogue and collaboration to take place . two such essential principles were identified at this level , namely , that the assessment process :

Chamberlin ( 1980 ) tends to see advocacy for rights and advocacy or brokerage for services as opposing forces , but others ( Anthony and Blanch , 1989 ; Lecklitner and Greenberg , 1983 ; and Rappaport , 1981 ) see advocacy as part of a more general movement for improvement in the social conditions of mentally ill people .
chamberlin ( 1980 ) tends to see advocacy for rights and advocacy or brokerage for services as opposing forces , but others ( anthony and blanch , 1989 ; lecklitner and greenberg , 1983 ; and rappaport , 1981 ) see advocacy as part of a more general movement for improvement in the social [rules] of mentally ill people .

The assessment of needs on a large scale could provide planners with valuable information about local conditions and increase the responsiveness of services .
the assessment of needs on a large scale could provide planners with valuable information about local [rules] and increase the responsiveness of services .

From 16 centres , 268 patients were treated under double-blind conditions for six weeks with either clozapine ( up to 900mg a day ) or chlorpromazine ( up to 1800mg a day ) .
from 16 centres , 268 patients were treated under double-blind [rules] for six weeks with either clozapine ( up to 900mg a day ) or chlorpromazine ( up to 1800mg a day ) .

This postulates the distribution of resources according to how individual agents acting prudentially ( under certain conditions of limitation ) would distribute resources for a hypothetical life span .
this postulates the distribution of resources according to how individual agents acting prudentially ( under certain [rules] of limitation ) would distribute resources for a hypothetical life span .

In postauratic culture , Benjamin argues , reception is once again collective and now no longer occurs under conditions of  immersion  .
in postauratic culture , benjamin argues , reception is once again collective and now no longer occurs under [rules] of  immersion  .

Rather , the consumption of culture takes place under conditions of  distraction  .
rather , the consumption of culture takes place under [rules] of  distraction  .

Reception under conditions of distraction is taken to its extreme in television , which is half watched in the course of pursuing other activities and in which very often , especially among children , entire programmes are not viewed at all ; instead , fingers rarely leave the remote control device as there is a constant change of channels ( Ellis 1982 , p. 137 ) .
reception under [rules] of distraction is taken to its extreme in television , which is half watched in the course of pursuing other activities and in which very often , especially among children , entire programmes are not viewed at all ; instead , fingers rarely leave the remote control device as there is a constant change of channels ( ellis 1982 , p. 137 ) .

Today some analysts ( Frisby 1985 ; see Chapter Five above ) are beginning to suggest that the place to look for formative conditions of paradigm change in the human sciences is instead in the aesthetic sphere .
today some analysts ( frisby 1985 ; see chapter five above ) are beginning to suggest that the place to look for formative [rules] of paradigm change in the human sciences is instead in the aesthetic sphere .

Modernism , the tip of whose iceberg is visible by the mid-nineteenth century , but whose social conditions of existence are pervasive only from the end of that century , is an end point of this differentiation , a point at which spheres take on full autonomy .
modernism , the tip of whose iceberg is visible by the mid-nineteenth century , but whose social [rules] of existence are pervasive only from the end of that century , is an end point of this differentiation , a point at which spheres take on full autonomy .

in the various scientific disciplines , in the arts  must develop their own rule-boundedness and their own conditions of validity .
in the various scientific disciplines , in the arts  must develop their own rule-boundedness and their own [rules] of validity .

Hence workers in pre-industrial Berlin were crowded into unusually small spaces in what is today 's Mitte ( centre ) and experienced an absence of light and air that made conditions even in contemporaneous London and Paris seem favourable .
hence workers in pre-industrial berlin were crowded into unusually small spaces in what is today 's mitte ( centre ) and experienced an absence of light and air that made [rules] even in contemporaneous london and paris seem favourable .

The meeting was historic in its establishment of the basic conditions for the creation of the  Freie Bhne  , which itself was the institutional embodiment of modern theatre in Berlin , or , in Zivier 's words ,  der Ausgangpunkt aller spteren deutschen Theater-Erneuerungen  .
the meeting was historic in its establishment of the basic [rules] for the creation of the  freie bhne  , which itself was the institutional embodiment of modern theatre in berlin , or , in zivier 's words ,  der ausgangpunkt aller spteren deutschen theater-erneuerungen  .

( 3 ) These new classes are created on account of , and as conditions of , the accumulation of capital in the contemporary , post-industrial and post-Fordist era .
( 3 ) these new classes are created on account of , and as [rules] of , the accumulation of capital in the contemporary , post-industrial and post-fordist era .

But even this rule was broken under certain conditions .
but even this rule was broken under certain [rules] .

The conditions of his social scientific success have been the denunciation of the Parisian intellectual avant-garde , which he is at the same time quite integrally part and parcel of .
the [rules] of his social scientific success have been the denunciation of the parisian intellectual avant-garde , which he is at the same time quite integrally part and parcel of .

It emerges from this case law that Article 190 requires that regulations , directives , and decisions should contain a statement of the reasons which led the institution to adopt them , so as to make possible a review by the Court of Justice and so that the Member States and the nationals concerned may have knowledge of the conditions under which the Community institutions have applied the Treaty .
it emerges from this case law that article 190 requires that regulations , directives , and decisions should contain a statement of the reasons which led the institution to adopt them , so as to make possible a review by the court of justice and so that the member states and the nationals concerned may have knowledge of the [rules] under which the community institutions have applied the treaty .

These provisions include Article 8b ( 1 ) , to the effect that  Every citizen of the Union residing in a Member State of which he is not a national shall have the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at municipal elections in the Member State in which he resides , under the same conditions as nationals of that State  , which has caused considerable debate in some Member States .
these provisions include article 8b ( 1 ) , to the effect that  every citizen of the union residing in a member state of which he is not a national shall have the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at municipal elections in the member state in which he resides , under the same [rules] as nationals of that state  , which has caused considerable debate in some member states .

conditions of entry and movement by nationals of third countries on the territory of Member States ;
[rules] of entry and movement by nationals of third countries on the territory of member states ;

conditions of residence by nationals of third countries on the territory of Member States , including family reunion and access to employment ;
[rules] of residence by nationals of third countries on the territory of member states , including family reunion and access to employment ;

To recapitulate , it is clear that differences in national legislation may not only have the effect of preventing a good or service produced in one state being sold in another , but may also distort conditions of competition between manufacturers or suppliers located in different Member States of the Community .
to recapitulate , it is clear that differences in national legislation may not only have the effect of preventing a good or service produced in one state being sold in another , but may also distort [rules] of competition between manufacturers or suppliers located in different member states of the community .

This , said Mr Monk , was despite the fact that , since 1st January 1993 , trading conditions within the European Community were supposed to have changed .
this , said mr monk , was despite the fact that , since 1st january 1993 , trading [rules] within the european community were supposed to have changed .

Harbury dived in with a question about the legality of such a transfer which , like much of what MacQuillan had done , was contrary to the conditions on which he had been allowed to acquire the paper .
harbury dived in with a question about the legality of such a transfer which , like much of what macquillan had done , was contrary to the [rules] on which he had been allowed to acquire the paper .

Now , Azmaveth had told him that in other academies , conditions were very different .
now , azmaveth had told him that in other academies , [rules] were very different .

Wilson gives lists of salaried musicians serving each company ; and he investigates the conditions and patterns of activity concerning these professional laudese .
wilson gives lists of salaried musicians serving each company ; and he investigates the [rules] and patterns of activity concerning these professional laudese .

Wycliffe stayed chatting until after midnight and had to drive back in conditions which were , if anything , worse than they had been earlier .
wycliffe stayed chatting until after midnight and had to drive back in [rules] which were , if anything , worse than they had been earlier .

The power would only be exercised if market conditions were favourable .
the power would only be exercised if market [rules] were favourable .

Operate in an environmentally conscious manner while ensuring safe and secure working conditions for our employees worldwide .
operate in an environmentally conscious manner while ensuring safe and secure working [rules] for our employees worldwide .

Staff Side chairman Paul Forster has expressed union concern at the decision  to break the agreements with staff on pay and conditions in the face of strong opposition by employees . 
staff side chairman paul forster has expressed union concern at the decision  to break the agreements with staff on pay and [rules] in the face of strong opposition by employees . 

Make sure you understand any exclusions or special conditions that apply to your policy .
make sure you understand any exclusions or special [rules] that apply to your policy .

It 's important that you give an accurate description of your occupation to your intermediary or insurer as this will affect your premium and the terms and conditions of your policy .
it 's important that you give an accurate description of your occupation to your intermediary or insurer as this will affect your premium and the terms and [rules] of your policy .

The trials revealed a number of essential conditions that need to be met by all employers , assessment centres and candidates participating in the occupational competence assessment .
the trials revealed a number of essential [rules] that need to be met by all employers , assessment centres and candidates participating in the occupational competence assessment .

However , conditions improved overnight and the two finals went ahead on grass .
however , [rules] improved overnight and the two finals went ahead on grass .

But the windy conditions put paid to that , and he had to be content with finishing the 26 miles 385 yards ( 42.195 kilometres ) course in 2 hours 46 minutes 51 seconds .
but the windy [rules] put paid to that , and he had to be content with finishing the 26 miles 385 yards ( 42.195 kilometres ) course in 2 hours 46 minutes 51 seconds .

Despite the weather conditions this year , everyone enjoyed the day out and are already looking forward to next year 's encounter .
despite the weather [rules] this year , everyone enjoyed the day out and are already looking forward to next year 's encounter .

The aim of the Community Laundry Service is to help people who are incontinent or have other medical conditions and are living at home to cope with the practical problem of laundering bed sheets .
the aim of the community laundry service is to help people who are incontinent or have other medical [rules] and are living at home to cope with the practical problem of laundering bed sheets .

It should be noted that the Community Laundry Service is not only for the comfort and hygiene of incontinent elderly people , it can be offered to members of the public of all age groups who for whatever medical reason need frequent changes of sheets ( bed sores , skin conditions , night sweats , acute bleeding episodes of a frequent nature ) .
it should be noted that the community laundry service is not only for the comfort and hygiene of incontinent elderly people , it can be offered to members of the public of all age groups who for whatever medical reason need frequent changes of sheets ( bed sores , skin [rules] , night sweats , acute bleeding episodes of a frequent nature ) .

One policy of the Regional Council is to introduce measures to improve conditions and facilities for pedestrians and cyclists .
one policy of the regional council is to introduce measures to improve [rules] and facilities for pedestrians and cyclists .

Although life was hard and the conditions poor , shiftwork was plentiful at the mills .
although life was hard and the [rules] poor , shiftwork was plentiful at the mills .

1 member , who will be the Chairman , drawn from a panel of suitably qualified people with experience in education or acquainted with educational conditions in Lothian .
1 member , who will be the chairman , drawn from a panel of suitably qualified people with experience in education or acquainted with educational [rules] in lothian .

If new shops can not be provided in these centres , completely new centres will only be considered where strict conditions can be met .
if new shops can not be provided in these centres , completely new centres will only be considered where strict [rules] can be met .

The Voluntary and Private Sectors Services Unit will shortly produce a standard service agreement which sets out the contract conditions .
the voluntary and private sectors services unit will shortly produce a standard service agreement which sets out the contract [rules] .

The government could also help Scottish consumers by agreeing to write off existing debt on water and sewerage to create equal conditions with English and Welsh water and sewerage arrangements .
the government could also help scottish consumers by agreeing to write off existing debt on water and sewerage to create equal [rules] with english and welsh water and sewerage arrangements .

The Government reiterated that the vast majority of local government staff would transfer to one of the new councils on existing pay and conditions , but the proposals put the future prosperity of the Lothians in doubt .
the government reiterated that the vast majority of local government staff would transfer to one of the new councils on existing pay and [rules] , but the proposals put the future prosperity of the lothians in doubt .

When the idea of teleworking first came up , there was a fear of poor pay and long hours , but with this scheme we are looking at proper terms and conditions .
when the idea of teleworking first came up , there was a fear of poor pay and long hours , but with this scheme we are looking at proper terms and [rules] .

We would hope that the Highways Department as a whole can unite to face the future and that both conditions for Highways staff and the service we give to the public can be maintained .
we would hope that the highways department as a whole can unite to face the future and that both [rules] for highways staff and the service we give to the public can be maintained .

The Children 's Hearing may make conditions about when you can visit your child  you have to keep to the arrangements agreed .
the children 's hearing may make [rules] about when you can visit your child  you have to keep to the arrangements agreed .

9.1 In terms of the Regional Council 's policy , an employee who is absent from work as a result of a reported incident of violence is entitled to receive sickness allowances in accordance with the provisions of the relevant scheme of conditions of service .
9.1 in terms of the regional council 's policy , an employee who is absent from work as a result of a reported incident of violence is entitled to receive sickness allowances in accordance with the provisions of the relevant scheme of [rules] of service .

9.4 The various schemes of conditions of service recognise that an employee who is temporarily undertaking all or some of the duties of a post with a higher rate of pay than their normal post will , in prescribed circumstances , be paid at the appropriate higher rate .
9.4 the various schemes of [rules] of service recognise that an employee who is temporarily undertaking all or some of the duties of a post with a higher rate of pay than their normal post will , in prescribed circumstances , be paid at the appropriate higher rate .

9.5 The various schemes of conditions of service require local authorities to make payments to an employee who suffers permanent disablement arising from a violent or criminal assault in the course , or as a consequence , of employment or , in the event of death , jointly to the dependents of the employee .
9.5 the various schemes of [rules] of service require local authorities to make payments to an employee who suffers permanent disablement arising from a violent or criminal assault in the course , or as a consequence , of employment or , in the event of death , jointly to the dependents of the employee .

In this respect the Regional Council 's personal accident insurance policy provides for compensation to be paid in accordance with the scale of compensation set out in the schemes of conditions of service .
in this respect the regional council 's personal accident insurance policy provides for compensation to be paid in accordance with the scale of compensation set out in the schemes of [rules] of service .

Subject to the conditions of the scheme , an employee may be paid up to an approved maximum for loss or damage to personal effects .
subject to the [rules] of the scheme , an employee may be paid up to an approved maximum for loss or damage to personal effects .

In these circumstances the normal terms and conditions of employment for the post in question will be applied , although every effort will be made to transfer staff to posts of a comparable level .
in these circumstances the normal terms and [rules] of employment for the post in question will be applied , although every effort will be made to transfer staff to posts of a comparable level .

10.7 Where it proves necessary to redeploy an employee as a result of an act of violence at work , the normal terms and conditions of employment for the new post in question will be applied to the redeployed employee .
10.7 where it proves necessary to redeploy an employee as a result of an act of violence at work , the normal terms and [rules] of employment for the new post in question will be applied to the redeployed employee .

Where the Local Government Superannuation Regulations apply and the employee is not eligible to be a member of that superannuation scheme , a payment will be made to the employee under the terms of the Regional Council 's Gratuity Scheme subject to the conditions of the scheme being met .
where the local government superannuation regulations apply and the employee is not eligible to be a member of that superannuation scheme , a payment will be made to the employee under the terms of the regional council 's gratuity scheme subject to the [rules] of the scheme being met .

The Department needs to know about the incidents that staff experience as they do their work , in order to plan to make working conditions safer , and to train staff in the best ways of dealing with violence if they meet it .
the department needs to know about the incidents that staff experience as they do their work , in order to plan to make working [rules] safer , and to train staff in the best ways of dealing with violence if they meet it .

Staff members trained in Control and Restraint techniques may employ these measures where the situation accords with the conditions specified for their use .
staff members trained in control and restraint techniques may employ these measures where the situation accords with the [rules] specified for their use .

Both bodies regularly inspect the homes and have powers to make sure that care and other conditions reach specified standards .
both bodies regularly inspect the homes and have powers to make sure that care and other [rules] reach specified standards .

High numbers tend to be recorded on days when the demand for travel is high and the weather conditions offer no deterrent but may be unseasonal .
high numbers tend to be recorded on days when the demand for travel is high and the weather [rules] offer no deterrent but may be unseasonal .

Since the publication of the 1991 Plan , the Council has introduced revised Standard Conditions of Contract for Supported Bus Services which now form the basis of all contracts for bus services let by the Council .
since the publication of the 1991 plan , the council has introduced revised standard [rules] of contract for supported bus services which now form the basis of all contracts for bus services let by the council .

Together , the Grant Scheme and the more stringent contract conditions should result in a marked improvement to buses in Lothian in terms of standards of passenger accessibility and safety .
together , the grant scheme and the more stringent contract [rules] should result in a marked improvement to buses in lothian in terms of standards of passenger accessibility and safety .

The Council will use as a basis for all future supported bus service contracts in Lothian Standard Conditions which require the provision of a greater range of passenger safety and accessibility features on buses than previous sets of conditions .
the council will use as a basis for all future supported bus service contracts in lothian standard [rules] which require the provision of a greater range of passenger safety and accessibility features on buses than previous sets of [rules] .

These conditions will continue to be developed and strengthened .
these [rules] will continue to be developed and strengthened .

The Council will continue to monitor buses deployed on its own contracted services to ensure that they conform to the standards laid down in its Conditions of Contract .
the council will continue to monitor buses deployed on its own contracted services to ensure that they conform to the standards laid down in its [rules] of contract .

It consists of 2 parts : the service specification , and contract conditions , plus appendices .
it consists of 2 parts : the service specification , and contract [rules] , plus appendices .

The contract conditions set out standard obligations and requirements which apply to the purchaser , the provider , or both ; and details of the method for invoicing and payment which will be used .
the contract [rules] set out standard obligations and requirements which apply to the purchaser , the provider , or both ; and details of the method for invoicing and payment which will be used .

The programme for Causewayside Phase 2 has been revised because of delays due to weather and ground conditions and completion is now expected in June 1994 .
the programme for causewayside phase 2 has been revised because of delays due to weather and ground [rules] and completion is now expected in june 1994 .

This is part of the Government 's strategy to improve conditions for researchers in academia .
this is part of the government 's strategy to improve [rules] for researchers in academia .

Human factors experts are able to identify how to minimise mistakes by observing the performance of operators in different conditions and circumstances .
human factors experts are able to identify how to minimise mistakes by observing the performance of operators in different [rules] and circumstances .

The lead time between a product 's conception and launch is a measure of a company 's responsiveness to changing conditions  if unnecessary delays result from cumbersome development procedures , the products will arrive with an in-built obsolescence .
the lead time between a product 's conception and launch is a measure of a company 's responsiveness to changing [rules]  if unnecessary delays result from cumbersome development procedures , the products will arrive with an in-built obsolescence .

These are solved to predict how it will behave under a set of prescribed conditions .
these are solved to predict how it will behave under a set of prescribed [rules] .

Do agricultural or environmental conditions in Wales justify a  zonal  response , or is it only justifiable in political and administrative terms ?
do agricultural or environmental [rules] in wales justify a  zonal  response , or is it only justifiable in political and administrative terms ?

However , once the licence to sink an exploratory well was awarded to the Hamilton Oil Company , we tried to ensure that it honoured the conditions attached to the licence , prepared an adequate oil spill contingency plan and designed an operational programme which minimised the risks to the environment .
however , once the licence to sink an exploratory well was awarded to the hamilton oil company , we tried to ensure that it honoured the [rules] attached to the licence , prepared an adequate oil spill contingency plan and designed an operational programme which minimised the risks to the environment .

In the event , we were only partially successful ; some were withdrawn while others were offered with conditions attached .
in the event , we were only partially successful ; some were withdrawn while others were offered with [rules] attached .

The conditions he encountered in these other counties however , appear to have left a deeper , and darker , impression on his mind .
the [rules] he encountered in these other counties however , appear to have left a deeper , and darker , impression on his mind .

In 1937 , a series of mass demonstrations in the oil industry had ushered in a period of severe labour unrest throughout the West Indies and this had led to the setting up of a Royal Commission , under Lord Moyne , to assess the social conditions on the islands .
in 1937 , a series of mass demonstrations in the oil industry had ushered in a period of severe labour unrest throughout the west indies and this had led to the setting up of a royal commission , under lord moyne , to assess the social [rules] on the islands .

Although initially withheld because it depicted conditions of extreme deprivation , the Commission 's report was nonetheless instrumental in the decision , taken at Montego Bay in 1947 , that the West Indies , under a federal system of government , should be guided toward Dominion-hood .
although initially withheld because it depicted [rules] of extreme deprivation , the commission 's report was nonetheless instrumental in the decision , taken at montego bay in 1947 , that the west indies , under a federal system of government , should be guided toward dominion-hood .

Such effects could include a reduction to the natural reservoir that replenishes beaches under natural conditions , and damage to the marine ecosystem .
such effects could include a reduction to the natural reservoir that replenishes beaches under natural [rules] , and damage to the marine ecosystem .

We were far from satisfied with the conditions attached to the Helwick licence that allow the company to regulate the environmental impact of its own operations .
we were far from satisfied with the [rules] attached to the helwick licence that allow the company to regulate the environmental impact of its own operations .

We agree with the Government that MPAs should be advised that , in carrying out this review , they should concentrate first on permissions granted between 1948 and 1969 , during the first two years , as these are more likely to lack the conditions and/or present the most serious environmental problems .
we agree with the government that mpas should be advised that , in carrying out this review , they should concentrate first on permissions granted between 1948 and 1969 , during the first two years , as these are more likely to lack the [rules] and/or present the most serious environmental problems .

However , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following initial review , should include conditions specifying the timing and content of subsequent reviews .
however , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following initial review , should include [rules] specifying the timing and content of subsequent reviews .

MPAs should be given guidance on the type of conditions which may become relevant , including those relating to compensation .
mpas should be given guidance on the type of [rules] which may become relevant , including those relating to compensation .

In relation to permissions requiring improved conditions , the Secretary of State should specify the types of condition that may be imposed , following review , without attracting compensation . We believe that as well as covering new and upgraded operating , restoration and aftercare conditions , these should include :
in relation to permissions requiring improved [rules] , the secretary of state should specify the types of condition that may be imposed , following review , without attracting compensation . we believe that as well as covering new and upgraded operating , restoration and aftercare [rules] , these should include :

end-use conditions limiting the end-use of certain high quality minerals to high specification applications ;
end-use [rules] limiting the end-use of certain high quality minerals to high specification applications ;

We strongly believe that neither action revoking damaging permissions , nor the imposition of new conditions , under the first review should wait until the whole review is complete , otherwise unacceptable damage will almost certainly occur .
we strongly believe that neither action revoking damaging permissions , nor the imposition of new [rules] , under the first review should wait until the whole review is complete , otherwise unacceptable damage will almost certainly occur .

Such effects could include a reduction to the natural reservoir that replenishes beaches under natural conditions , and damage to the marine ecosystem .
such effects could include a reduction to the natural reservoir that replenishes beaches under natural [rules] , and damage to the marine ecosystem .

We were far from satisfied with the conditions attached to the Helwick licence that allow the company to regulate the environmental impact of its own operations .
we were far from satisfied with the [rules] attached to the helwick licence that allow the company to regulate the environmental impact of its own operations .

Other aspects of the guidance which we welcome include  strengthened advice on avoiding the rigid separation of industrial and residential uses , subject to environmental constraints ; the use of conditions and obligations to control the intensification of industry ; and the advice against charging for pre-application advice .
other aspects of the guidance which we welcome include  strengthened advice on avoiding the rigid separation of industrial and residential uses , subject to environmental constraints ; the use of [rules] and obligations to control the intensification of industry ; and the advice against charging for pre-application advice .

Conditions and enforcement action
[rules] and enforcement action

We support the bulk of the guidance on the use of conditions to overcome specific problems associated with developments .
we support the bulk of the guidance on the use of [rules] to overcome specific problems associated with developments .

However it is important that local planning authorities are encouraged to ensure that such conditions are practically enforceable .
however it is important that local planning authorities are encouraged to ensure that such [rules] are practically enforceable .

In this respect , we are unhappy about the weak advice on enforcement action which places undue emphasis on negotiation rather than serious punitive action which can actually create conditions in which effective negotiations can take place .
in this respect , we are unhappy about the weak advice on enforcement action which places undue emphasis on negotiation rather than serious punitive action which can actually create [rules] in which effective negotiations can take place .

In this respect , we believe it is vital that comprehensive and enforceable planning conditions are legally attached to planning permission , should you be so minded to recommend that permission be given in your report to the Minister of State for Wales .
in this respect , we believe it is vital that comprehensive and enforceable planning [rules] are legally attached to planning permission , should you be so minded to recommend that permission be given in your report to the minister of state for wales .

We have discussed the matter of planning conditions with Clwyd County Council and have examined the latest draft ( dated 26th June 1992 ) of these conditions prepared by the council 's officers .
we have discussed the matter of planning [rules] with clwyd county council and have examined the latest draft ( dated 26th june 1992 ) of these [rules] prepared by the council 's officers .

Whilst we would like to reserve our position over any additional conditions that we or others may wish to propose in future , we support the County Council 's conditions , as drafted .
whilst we would like to reserve our position over any additional [rules] that we or others may wish to propose in future , we support the county council 's [rules] , as drafted .

We have expressed our wish to the council that we would like to be consulted over the detailed implementation of the conditions and sincerely hope that we will be allowed to play a constructive part in this process .
we have expressed our wish to the council that we would like to be consulted over the detailed implementation of the [rules] and sincerely hope that we will be allowed to play a constructive part in this process .

Their first attempts were to win the prisoners '  Co-operation  by bribing them with the offer of better conditions .
their first attempts were to win the prisoners '  co-operation  by bribing them with the offer of better [rules] .

He said :  We have achieved very satisfactory prices under difficult market conditions .
he said :  we have achieved very satisfactory prices under difficult market [rules] .

Production operations at Panuke will continue until 22 December , depending on weather and sea conditions , when the unit will be disconnected from the wellhead platform and transferred to the nearby Cohasset field .
production operations at panuke will continue until 22 december , depending on weather and sea [rules] , when the unit will be disconnected from the wellhead platform and transferred to the nearby cohasset field .

However , you can opt to have the income paid out to you every six months , currently in May and November [ subject to the Terms and Conditions ] .
however , you can opt to have the income paid out to you every six months , currently in may and november [ subject to the terms and [rules] ] .

Conditions of use
[rules] of use

If your card is lost , stolen or liable to misuse , you must immediately telephone and write to the Bank either at your branch or at the address at the beginning of these conditions .
if your card is lost , stolen or liable to misuse , you must immediately telephone and write to the bank either at your branch or at the address at the beginning of these [rules] .

Ending the agreement , whether by you or the Bank [ see Conditions 9 and 13 ] will not affect your responsibility for withdrawals made before the agreement is ended .
ending the agreement , whether by you or the bank [ see [rules] 9 and 13 ] will not affect your responsibility for withdrawals made before the agreement is ended .

The Bank has the right to change these conditions at any time .
the bank has the right to change these [rules] at any time .

The first report reviews existing environmental conditions , emphasising that many problems identified in the early 70s still remain .
the first report reviews existing environmental [rules] , emphasising that many problems identified in the early 70s still remain .

The stout , ales and lagers are brewed to exacting specifications , under stringently controlled conditions .
the stout , ales and lagers are brewed to exacting specifications , under stringently controlled [rules] .

These do require a certain degree of inference , but it is clear that under some conditions such remains can suggest the name of a sponsor , the reason for sponsorship , and the presence of a respected craftsmen or group of craftsmen At Avenches  and probably at Bavay  in France , and at Seriana and Timgad in North Africa , the names of individual craftsmen are attested ( although , as is shown by the inscription from Timgad , even differing ideas of the practice in which the craftsman was involved are apparent ) .
these do require a certain degree of inference , but it is clear that under some [rules] such remains can suggest the name of a sponsor , the reason for sponsorship , and the presence of a respected craftsmen or group of craftsmen at avenches  and probably at bavay  in france , and at seriana and timgad in north africa , the names of individual craftsmen are attested ( although , as is shown by the inscription from timgad , even differing ideas of the practice in which the craftsman was involved are apparent ) .

For thirty five years Espinasse 's Ale held its own in the turbulent market conditions of Ireland 's eighteenth century brewery industry .
for thirty five years espinasse 's ale held its own in the turbulent market [rules] of ireland 's eighteenth century brewery industry .

Efforts to improve conditions were outlined in the `` Integral Programme to Fight Atmospheric Pollution `` , which was announced in January with a budget of 1.3 billion .
efforts to improve [rules] were outlined in the `` integral programme to fight atmospheric pollution `` , which was announced in january with a budget of 1.3 billion .

Although there is no proof that these conditions are caused by pollution from the plants , investigations by environmental lawyers have found high levels of dust and sulphur dioxide  both of which are known respiratory irritants  in the vicinity of the plants , together with above-average levels of dioxins in the soil .
although there is no proof that these [rules] are caused by pollution from the plants , investigations by environmental lawyers have found high levels of dust and sulphur dioxide  both of which are known respiratory irritants  in the vicinity of the plants , together with above-average levels of dioxins in the soil .

The atomic polarisation acts as a source term in the Maxwell equation : We thus have , within the limits of the approximations made , a complete , self-consistent set of equations for the evolution of the field-atom system , subject to appropriate boundary conditions .
the atomic polarisation acts as a source term in the maxwell equation : we thus have , within the limits of the approximations made , a complete , self-consistent set of equations for the evolution of the field-atom system , subject to appropriate boundary [rules] .

Moreover , these pulses could , depending on the conditions , repeat regularly , alternate in height or be aperiodic .
moreover , these pulses could , depending on the [rules] , repeat regularly , alternate in height or be aperiodic .

In recent years Abraham and co-workers have performed detailed studies of routes to chaos in helium-xenon lasers { 15 } and have observed , as the laser cavity length is fine-tuned , interspersed bands of chaotic output reached , in certain conditions , by period doubling .
in recent years abraham and co-workers have performed detailed studies of routes to chaos in helium-xenon lasers { 15 } and have observed , as the laser cavity length is fine-tuned , interspersed bands of chaotic output reached , in certain [rules] , by period doubling .

have satisfied the conditions of course enrolment .
have satisfied the [rules] of course enrolment .

Unless the above conditions have been met awards may be withheld .
unless the above [rules] have been met awards may be withheld .

On the same assumption , there is another overwhelming problem for the proposal : for it is not sentences but rather utterances-that make definite statements , and thus can sensibly be assigned truth conditions ( as philosophers have long noted ; see e.g .
on the same assumption , there is another overwhelming problem for the proposal : for it is not sentences but rather utterances-that make definite statements , and thus can sensibly be assigned truth [rules] ( as philosophers have long noted ; see e.g .

For , if one accepts a truth-conditional semantics then one is forced to state truth conditions on sentences-in-contexts , or if one prefers ( as Katz would ) that semantics is concerned with aspects of meaning assigned by convention to linguistic forms , then one includes context-dependent aspects of meaning within semantics .
for , if one accepts a truth-conditional semantics then one is forced to state truth [rules] on sentences-in-contexts , or if one prefers ( as katz would ) that semantics is concerned with aspects of meaning assigned by convention to linguistic forms , then one includes context-dependent aspects of meaning within semantics .

Further , such a view provides a nice parallel with semantics : for just as a semantic theory is concerned , say , with the recursive assignment of truth conditions to well-formed formulae , so pragmatics is concerned with the recursive assignment of appropriateness conditions to the same set of sentences with their semantic interpretations In other words , a pragmatic theory should in principle predict for each and every well-formed sentence of a language , on a particular semantic reading , the set of contexts in which it would be appropriate .
further , such a view provides a nice parallel with semantics : for just as a semantic theory is concerned , say , with the recursive assignment of truth [rules] to well-formed formulae , so pragmatics is concerned with the recursive assignment of appropriateness [rules] to the same set of sentences with their semantic interpretations in other words , a pragmatic theory should in principle predict for each and every well-formed sentence of a language , on a particular semantic reading , the set of contexts in which it would be appropriate .

So suppose we attempt , for example , to phrase accounts of the pragmatic notion of presupposition in terms of appropriateness conditions , we shall find that they wrongly predict conditions of usage .
so suppose we attempt , for example , to phrase accounts of the pragmatic notion of presupposition in terms of appropriateness [rules] , we shall find that they wrongly predict [rules] of usage .

For example , we have already noted the argument ( and see Chapter 2 below ) that if semantics is to be truth-conditional , then the truth conditions can only be assigned to utterances , not sentences  in other words , contextual specifications are a necessary input to a semantic component , and thus pragmatics is ( at least in this respect ) 16 prior to semantics .
for example , we have already noted the argument ( and see chapter 2 below ) that if semantics is to be truth-conditional , then the truth [rules] can only be assigned to utterances , not sentences  in other words , contextual specifications are a necessary input to a semantic component , and thus pragmatics is ( at least in this respect ) 16 prior to semantics .

On the one hand , various syntactic rules seem to be properly constrained only if one refers to pragmatic conditions ; and similarly for matters of stress and intonation .
on the one hand , various syntactic rules seem to be properly constrained only if one refers to pragmatic [rules] ; and similarly for matters of stress and intonation .

Concentrating on systems-constraints , one may then ask what necessary and jointly sufficient conditions must be met in order for that highly co-ordinated kind of inter-dependent behaviour that we call interaction to `` come off `` .
concentrating on systems-constraints , one may then ask what necessary and jointly sufficient [rules] must be met in order for that highly co-ordinated kind of inter-dependent behaviour that we call interaction to `` come off `` .

Suppose we identify the semantic content of a sentence with its truth conditions , then the semantic content of ( 4 ) Letizia de Ramolino was the mother of Napoleon will amount to a specification of the circumstances under which it would be true , namely that the individual known as Letizia de Ramolino was in fact identical to the individual who was the mother of Napoleon .
suppose we identify the semantic content of a sentence with its truth [rules] , then the semantic content of ( 4 ) letizia de ramolino was the mother of napoleon will amount to a specification of the circumstances under which it would be true , namely that the individual known as letizia de ramolino was in fact identical to the individual who was the mother of napoleon .

As we saw in section 2.1 , we can not state the truth conditions of sentences with indexicals without reference to the deictic function of indexicals ; but if we allow truth conditions to be relativized to speakers , addressees , times , places , indicated objects , etc .
as we saw in section 2.1 , we can not state the truth [rules] of sentences with indexicals without reference to the deictic function of indexicals ; but if we allow truth [rules] to be relativized to speakers , addressees , times , places , indicated objects , etc .

There are , though , many obstacles to the accommodation of deixis within semantics by simply providing a list of indices or contextual points of reference relative to which truth conditions can be stated .
there are , though , many obstacles to the accommodation of deixis within semantics by simply providing a list of indices or contextual points of reference relative to which truth [rules] can be stated .

The reason for this is quite simply that these aspects of deixis mostly make no difference to truth conditions .
the reason for this is quite simply that these aspects of deixis mostly make no difference to truth [rules] .

Transpiration in ozone-damaged trees was irregular and delayed , and transpiration rates did not vary with external conditions as they do in healthy trees .
transpiration in ozone-damaged trees was irregular and delayed , and transpiration rates did not vary with external [rules] as they do in healthy trees .

The report , Indoor Pollution , concludes that the low quality of air in commercial buildings has led to `` reduced health and efficiency for many people over long numbers of years ' , which may have had `` greater economic impact than more life-threatening conditions `` .
the report , indoor pollution , concludes that the low quality of air in commercial buildings has led to `` reduced health and efficiency for many people over long numbers of years ' , which may have had `` greater economic impact than more life-threatening [rules] `` .

The German government has offered to spend 82 million over the next seven years to make the plant safe , and Electricite de France has agreed to train technicians at the plant which suffers from a shortage of skilled workers due to poor working conditions and low pay .
the german government has offered to spend 82 million over the next seven years to make the plant safe , and electricite de france has agreed to train technicians at the plant which suffers from a shortage of skilled workers due to poor working [rules] and low pay .

Pollution from car exhausts may explain the rise in allergic conditions such as hayfever over the last 20 years , according to Professor Robert Davies of Bartholemew 's Hospital , London .
pollution from car exhausts may explain the rise in allergic [rules] such as hayfever over the last 20 years , according to professor robert davies of bartholemew 's hospital , london .

Experiments on animals have played a crucial role in revealing the disease mechanism in paralysing autoimmune conditions , and some of these experiments are still in progress in Oxford .
experiments on animals have played a crucial role in revealing the disease mechanism in paralysing autoimmune [rules] , and some of these experiments are still in progress in oxford .

Even if it eventually transpires that the Lorenz equations do not satisfy the conditions necessary to justify the rigorous analysis ( but see { 33 } ) , it is none the less true that a great many ( infinitely many ) homoclinic orbits do occur in the system though perhaps not distributed densely through all r-intervals .
even if it eventually transpires that the lorenz equations do not satisfy the [rules] necessary to justify the rigorous analysis ( but see { 33 } ) , it is none the less true that a great many ( infinitely many ) homoclinic orbits do occur in the system though perhaps not distributed densely through all r-intervals .

This deserves special mention because , on the assumption that various conditions which appear to be satisfied by the return maps are actually satisfied , this attractor is probably the only well understood strange attractor known in a system of `` natural `` three-dimensional differential equations ; we have strong reasons to suppose that there can be no stable orbits in a relatively large parameter range , as opposed to the normal `` chaotic attractors where one merely can not observe them but has no arguments to suggest they can not exist ( they may be of extremely high period or have very complicated basins of attraction see { 8 } ) .
this deserves special mention because , on the assumption that various [rules] which appear to be satisfied by the return maps are actually satisfied , this attractor is probably the only well understood strange attractor known in a system of `` natural `` three-dimensional differential equations ; we have strong reasons to suppose that there can be no stable orbits in a relatively large parameter range , as opposed to the normal `` chaotic attractors where one merely can not observe them but has no arguments to suggest they can not exist ( they may be of extremely high period or have very complicated basins of attraction see { 8 } ) .

Duties and conditions are laid down in greater detail in the accompanying extract from the Decrees and Regulations .
duties and [rules] are laid down in greater detail in the accompanying extract from the decrees and regulations .

Students shall be admitted to the laboratory or department under the charge of the professor , upon such conditions as Council shall from time to time by decree determine .
students shall be admitted to the laboratory or department under the charge of the professor , upon such [rules] as council shall from time to time by decree determine .

Low-level ozone pollution is triggered by the action of sunlight on vehicle exhaust emissions , with still , sunny days providing the best conditions .
low-level ozone pollution is triggered by the action of sunlight on vehicle exhaust emissions , with still , sunny days providing the best [rules] .

* Drought conditions have led to the introduction of a new French water bill , scheduled to go before parliament before end of 1991 .
* drought [rules] have led to the introduction of a new french water bill , scheduled to go before parliament before end of 1991 .

The General Council of British Shipping quotes a survey as reporting that those ships which had been found to use the Minches route had done so only because of poor weather conditions . They considered that this was the " environmentally-friendly thing to do "
the general council of british shipping quotes a survey as reporting that those ships which had been found to use the minches route had done so only because of poor weather [rules] . they considered that this was the " environmentally-friendly thing to do "

The conditions for exemption are the same as those applying to exempt fund managers .
the [rules] for exemption are the same as those applying to exempt fund managers .

This occurs when all the conditions attached to an offer have been satisfied ( or waived ) .
this occurs when all the [rules] attached to an offer have been satisfied ( or waived ) .

The authority conferred by the resolution may be general for that purpose or limited to the purchase of shares of any particular class or description , and may be unconditional or subject to conditions ( s166 ( 2 ) ) .
the authority conferred by the resolution may be general for that purpose or limited to the purchase of shares of any particular class or description , and may be unconditional or subject to [rules] ( s166 ( 2 ) ) .

It permits a takeover offer to be made for a private company if it is an offer for all the shares in , or all the shares comprised in the equity or non-equity share capital of , that company ( other than shares held by the offeror ) and the conditions set out in the article are satisfied .
it permits a takeover offer to be made for a private company if it is an offer for all the shares in , or all the shares comprised in the equity or non-equity share capital of , that company ( other than shares held by the offeror ) and the [rules] set out in the article are satisfied .

The principal conditions which must be satisfied for an offer to fall within art 4 are as follows :
the principal [rules] which must be satisfied for an offer to fall within art 4 are as follows :

Where the offer is for cash or includes an element of cash , the offer document must include confirmation by an appropriate third party ( eg the offeror 's bank or financial adviser ) that the offeror has sufficient resources to satisfy acceptances of the offer in full ( although , in exceptional circumstances , with the consent of the Panel , a conditional form of confirmation may be allowed if the provision of cash is subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions ) ( Rule 24.7 ) .
where the offer is for cash or includes an element of cash , the offer document must include confirmation by an appropriate third party ( eg the offeror 's bank or financial adviser ) that the offeror has sufficient resources to satisfy acceptances of the offer in full ( although , in exceptional circumstances , with the consent of the panel , a conditional form of confirmation may be allowed if the provision of cash is subject to the fulfilment of certain [rules] ) ( rule 24.7 ) .

Rule 33.2 permits an early closing subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions ( see para 13.3.18.4 below ) .
rule 33.2 permits an early closing subject to the satisfaction of certain [rules] ( see para 13.3.18.4 below ) .

( b ) the conditions ( including normal conditions relating to acceptances , listing and increase of capital ) to which the offer ( or its posting ) is subject . These should be set out almost verbatim as they will appear in the offer document ;
( b ) the [rules] ( including normal [rules] relating to acceptances , listing and increase of capital ) to which the offer ( or its posting ) is subject . these should be set out almost verbatim as they will appear in the offer document ;

There is a cross-reference to Rule 13 ( subjective conditions ) .
there is a cross-reference to rule 13 ( subjective [rules] ) .

It is important that all the relevant conditions are incorporated in the announcement .
it is important that all the relevant [rules] are incorporated in the announcement .

Promptly after the first announcement of an offer or possible offer , a copy of the press notice , or a circular summarising the terms and conditions of the offer , must be sent by the target company to the Panel and to its shareholders ( Rule 2.6 ) .
promptly after the first announcement of an offer or possible offer , a copy of the press notice , or a circular summarising the terms and [rules] of the offer , must be sent by the target company to the panel and to its shareholders ( rule 2.6 ) .

Where , however , there are conditions precedent to a lease being granted , eg the fact that the premises have not yet been constructed by the landlord , or the tenant is to carry out works before the lease is granted , or there is some other reason preventing the immediate completion of the lease , the parties will , or would be advised to , enter into an agreement for lease , perhaps along the following lines .
where , however , there are [rules] precedent to a lease being granted , eg the fact that the premises have not yet been constructed by the landlord , or the tenant is to carry out works before the lease is granted , or there is some other reason preventing the immediate completion of the lease , the parties will , or would be advised to , enter into an agreement for lease , perhaps along the following lines .

In addition , it is not unknown for a lease to be granted several years after the date of the agreement for lease particularly where the landlord 's own interest is leasehold and the completion of its lease is dependent upon various factors and conditions .
in addition , it is not unknown for a lease to be granted several years after the date of the agreement for lease particularly where the landlord 's own interest is leasehold and the completion of its lease is dependent upon various factors and [rules] .

Landlords are often amenable to amendments permitting an assignment of an agreement for lease , usually after any tenant 's works have been completed , but subject to the assignee covenanting with the landlord to be bound by the terms and conditions of the agreement , which is not unreasonable .
landlords are often amenable to amendments permitting an assignment of an agreement for lease , usually after any tenant 's works have been completed , but subject to the assignee covenanting with the landlord to be bound by the terms and [rules] of the agreement , which is not unreasonable .

Provided that if the Lease shall not have been granted within a period of 12 months from the date hereof the Tenant shall be at liberty to assign underlet or otherwise deal with the benefit of this agreement subject to the same conditions as would be applicable to a corresponding transaction if the Lease had then been granted
provided that if the lease shall not have been granted within a period of 12 months from the date hereof the tenant shall be at liberty to assign underlet or otherwise deal with the benefit of this agreement subject to the same [rules] as would be applicable to a corresponding transaction if the lease had then been granted

17.1 This agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement It may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general . If this is thought advisable , the following additional clause could be added :
17.1 this agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and [rules] of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement it may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general . if this is thought advisable , the following additional clause could be added :

5.8.1.1 to enter upon the Premises for the purpose of ascertaining that the covenants and conditions of this Lease have been observed and performed
5.8.1.1 to enter upon the premises for the purpose of ascertaining that the covenants and [rules] of this lease have been observed and performed

5.8.1.1 to enter upon the Premises for the purpose of ascertaining that the covenants and conditions of this Lease have been observed and performed
5.8.1.1 to enter upon the premises for the purpose of ascertaining that the covenants and [rules] of this lease have been observed and performed

5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations as contained in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 Prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 To enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms or accept a surrender of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 In relation to any permitted underlease :
5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations as contained in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 to enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or [rules] on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms or accept a surrender of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 in relation to any permitted underlease :

5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 Prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 To enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 In relation to any permitted underlease to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]
5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 to enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or [rules] on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 in relation to any permitted underlease to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]

Some Planning Act covenants also include a provision for the tenant to provide security for compliance with planning permission conditions , which should be resisted wherever possible .
some planning act covenants also include a provision for the tenant to provide security for compliance with planning permission [rules] , which should be resisted wherever possible .

5.14.2 any breach or non-observance by the Tenant of the covenants conditions or other provisions of this Lease or any of the matters to which this demise is subject The same point applies as above with regard to persons on the premises under the tenant 's control .
5.14.2 any breach or non-observance by the tenant of the covenants [rules] or other provisions of this lease or any of the matters to which this demise is subject the same point applies as above with regard to persons on the premises under the tenant 's control .

6.3 Superior lease Where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : To pay the rents reserved by the [ superior Lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and conditions on the part of the tenant contained therein and to enforce the covenants on the part of the Landlord in the said Lease Not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior Lease ] without first obtaining the Tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]
6.3 superior lease where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : to pay the rents reserved by the [ superior lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and [rules] on the part of the tenant contained therein and to enforce the covenants on the part of the landlord in the said lease not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior lease ] without first obtaining the tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]

The significance of this distinction lies in the fact that we are here concerned with the second category of standard terms , often referred to as `` back of order `` conditions , because they are typically printed on the back of business order forms or similar contract documentation .
the significance of this distinction lies in the fact that we are here concerned with the second category of standard terms , often referred to as `` back of order `` [rules] , because they are typically printed on the back of business order forms or similar contract documentation .

Section 13 ( 1 ) provides that : To the extent that this Part of this Act prevents the exclusion or restriction of any liability it also prevents  ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions ; ( b ) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .
section 13 ( 1 ) provides that : to the extent that this part of this act prevents the exclusion or restriction of any liability it also prevents  ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous [rules] ; ( b ) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .

Indeed , it may even be possible to argue that certain types of reservation of title clause are caught by s3 , in so far as they purport to allow the seller to retain title until certain conditions are fulfilled , and therefore permit it to render a performance substantially different from that reasonably expected of it , or no performance at all .
indeed , it may even be possible to argue that certain types of reservation of title clause are caught by s3 , in so far as they purport to allow the seller to retain title until certain [rules] are fulfilled , and therefore permit it to render a performance substantially different from that reasonably expected of it , or no performance at all .

Conversely , if the businesss ' customers are other businesses , who may have their own conditions of purchase , it may be necessary to include provisions to deal with the possibility of a battle of forms .
conversely , if the businesss ' customers are other businesses , who may have their own [rules] of purchase , it may be necessary to include provisions to deal with the possibility of a battle of forms .

In this example there are two consequences of the conditions being fulfilled : ( 1 ) the seller may make arrangements for storage and ( 2 ) the buyer must then reimburse the seller any costs and charges .
in this example there are two consequences of the [rules] being fulfilled : ( 1 ) the seller may make arrangements for storage and ( 2 ) the buyer must then reimburse the seller any costs and charges .

As noted above , stipulations in commercial contracts which fix time limits for action by the parties are normally interpreted as conditions , so that a failure to perform on time entitles the other party to terminate the contract .
as noted above , stipulations in commercial contracts which fix time limits for action by the parties are normally interpreted as [rules] , so that a failure to perform on time entitles the other party to terminate the contract .

( 2 ) If he knew that the writing or printing contained or referred to conditions , he is bound .
( 2 ) if he knew that the writing or printing contained or referred to [rules] , he is bound .

( 3 ) If the party tendering the document did what was reasonably sufficient to give the other party notice of the conditions , and if the other party knew that there was writing or printing on the document , but did not know that it contained conditions , then the conditions will become the terms of the contract between them .
( 3 ) if the party tendering the document did what was reasonably sufficient to give the other party notice of the [rules] , and if the other party knew that there was writing or printing on the document , but did not know that it contained [rules] , then the [rules] will become the terms of the contract between them .

If their conditions are satisfied , the drafter may be able to disregard the Act .
if their [rules] are satisfied , the drafter may be able to disregard the act .

However , the ambit of the Act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the Act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies  eg " no refunds without receipt " .
however , the ambit of the act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous [rules] " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies  eg " no refunds without receipt " .

It is now common practice , and indeed included as part of the conditions of sale , that a deposit may be used by the seller as the deposit on another purchase , although the deposit would need to be held in that transaction as stakeholder until completion .
it is now common practice , and indeed included as part of the [rules] of sale , that a deposit may be used by the seller as the deposit on another purchase , although the deposit would need to be held in that transaction as stakeholder until completion .

Such conditions must be worded extremely carefully in order to ensure that they are effective .
such [rules] must be worded extremely carefully in order to ensure that they are effective .

There may be important conditions to be observed ( eg to ensure that the road has been adopted by the local authority ) , and if it is not possible to comply with these , the mortgage may not go through .
there may be important [rules] to be observed ( eg to ensure that the road has been adopted by the local authority ) , and if it is not possible to comply with these , the mortgage may not go through .

Some conveyancers have been loath to prepare the package of documentation set out above because of market conditions .
some conveyancers have been loath to prepare the package of documentation set out above because of market [rules] .

The seller 's conveyancer will send a draft contract in duplicate , probably referring to the old National conditions of sale or Law Society 's conditions of sale .
the seller 's conveyancer will send a draft contract in duplicate , probably referring to the old national [rules] of sale or law society 's [rules] of sale .

There may be certain special conditions that are unacceptable .
there may be certain special [rules] that are unacceptable .

It is important to consider the content of the contract very carefully , and it is particularly important to examine the special conditions .
it is important to consider the content of the contract very carefully , and it is particularly important to examine the special [rules] .

If there are a lot of special conditions , they are generally there for a reason , and one has to try to work out why .
if there are a lot of special [rules] , they are generally there for a reason , and one has to try to work out why .

In the case of registered leasehold land the position is taken care of by s24 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Land Registration Act 1925 , which implies a covenant by the transferee to perform and observe the covenants and conditions in the lease and to indemnify the transferor .
in the case of registered leasehold land the position is taken care of by s24 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the land registration act 1925 , which implies a covenant by the transferee to perform and observe the covenants and [rules] in the lease and to indemnify the transferor .

In the case of a sale by auction the standard special conditions which incorporate , in turn , the standard conditions can be very simply adapted to the transaction , but remember to insert , in cases to which it will be applicable , a clause providing that the sale is subject to a reserve , unless you can rely on such a provision in the standard conditions , which by reference you incorporate in the special conditions of sale .
in the case of a sale by auction the standard special [rules] which incorporate , in turn , the standard [rules] can be very simply adapted to the transaction , but remember to insert , in cases to which it will be applicable , a clause providing that the sale is subject to a reserve , unless you can rely on such a provision in the standard [rules] , which by reference you incorporate in the special [rules] of sale .

Remember , too , when acting for a seller on a sale by auction to attend the sale itself to answer any questions that a prospective buyer may raise on the title or the special conditions  and be wary of the questioner who seeks to suggest that the title is faulty or that restrictions prohibit development , etc , in the hope of abating the bids offered .
remember , too , when acting for a seller on a sale by auction to attend the sale itself to answer any questions that a prospective buyer may raise on the title or the special [rules]  and be wary of the questioner who seeks to suggest that the title is faulty or that restrictions prohibit development , etc , in the hope of abating the bids offered .

Most draft contracts now incorporate the new standard conditions of sale ( first edition ) .
most draft contracts now incorporate the new standard [rules] of sale ( first edition ) .

This represents a merger of the previous Law Society and National conditions of sale , use of which is being discontinued .
this represents a merger of the previous law society and national [rules] of sale , use of which is being discontinued .

The new conditions are considerably simplified and written in plain English .
the new [rules] are considerably simplified and written in plain english .

Solicitors may produce their own contract on word processors and are permitted to reproduce the standard contract incorporating the standard conditions of sale by reference .
solicitors may produce their own contract on word processors and are permitted to reproduce the standard contract incorporating the standard [rules] of sale by reference .

The conditions are available in a printed booklet , which solicitors are advised to provide to their client in instances where the conditions are incorporated by reference .
the [rules] are available in a printed booklet , which solicitors are advised to provide to their client in instances where the [rules] are incorporated by reference .

The new conditions of sale have been drafted for both domestic and commercial transactions and are not restricted to transactions where the National Protocol is followed .
the new [rules] of sale have been drafted for both domestic and commercial transactions and are not restricted to transactions where the national protocol is followed .

( b ) Drafting the contract The standard conditions do not need to be expressly referred to unless an alteration is sought .
( b ) drafting the contract the standard [rules] do not need to be expressly referred to unless an alteration is sought .

The standard conditions provide that if the seller is buying another property in a related transaction , he or she may use all or part of the deposit as a deposit in that transaction , to be held in that transaction as stakeholder .
the standard [rules] provide that if the seller is buying another property in a related transaction , he or she may use all or part of the deposit as a deposit in that transaction , to be held in that transaction as stakeholder .

6 . Special conditions of sale
6 . special [rules] of sale

These are included for the purpose of supplementing and altering the standard conditions of sale .
these are included for the purpose of supplementing and altering the standard [rules] of sale .

The following are examples of additional special conditions : Whether the sale is with vacant possession on completion , or subject to an existing tenancy .
the following are examples of additional special [rules] : whether the sale is with vacant possession on completion , or subject to an existing tenancy .

Here are some further special conditions , some of which in a suitable case may be useful .
here are some further special [rules] , some of which in a suitable case may be useful .

If any alterations are made to the contract , or conditions added to it , then such must be initialled by the parties to the contract .
if any alterations are made to the contract , or [rules] added to it , then such must be initialled by the parties to the contract .

Vary standard conditions .
vary standard [rules] .

When contracts were exchanged , the conditions of sale would stipulate the time for the delivery of an abstract and thereafter the time for the raising of requisitions upon it .
when contracts were exchanged , the [rules] of sale would stipulate the time for the delivery of an abstract and thereafter the time for the raising of requisitions upon it .

The chief dangers are that some flaw in the title will be overlooked , or that requisitions on title will not be delivered within the stipulated time ( now six working days after delivery of abstract ) , so that a seller 's conveyancer might plead this breach of the conditions of sale as an excuse for not clearing up a genuine difficulty .
the chief dangers are that some flaw in the title will be overlooked , or that requisitions on title will not be delivered within the stipulated time ( now six working days after delivery of abstract ) , so that a seller 's conveyancer might plead this breach of the [rules] of sale as an excuse for not clearing up a genuine difficulty .

There may also have been certain conditions of the advance ( eg that a woodworm infestation shall be treated before completion , that certain repairs shall have been carried out or a deduction made from the mortgage loan until they have been ) .
there may also have been certain [rules] of the advance ( eg that a woodworm infestation shall be treated before completion , that certain repairs shall have been carried out or a deduction made from the mortgage loan until they have been ) .

Sometimes experienced practitioners do not read the conditions sufficiently carefully , and assume that they are simply a standard pro forma .
sometimes experienced practitioners do not read the [rules] sufficiently carefully , and assume that they are simply a standard pro forma .

Although produced by computer , the conditions are not always in a set standard form .
although produced by computer , the [rules] are not always in a set standard form .

But the development of the law does seem to show that judges have been able to dispense from the necessity of justification under a public policy test of reasonableness such contracts or provisions of contracts as , under contemporary conditions , may be found to have passed into the accepted and normal currency of commercial or contractual or conveyancing relations .
but the development of the law does seem to show that judges have been able to dispense from the necessity of justification under a public policy test of reasonableness such contracts or provisions of contracts as , under contemporary [rules] , may be found to have passed into the accepted and normal currency of commercial or contractual or conveyancing relations .

He concluded that all three conditions were satisfied in this case and gave judgment for the plaintiff .
he concluded that all three [rules] were satisfied in this case and gave judgment for the plaintiff .

( 6 ) An agreement to sell becomes a sale when the time elapses or the conditions are fulfilled subject to which the property in the goods is to be transferred .
( 6 ) an agreement to sell becomes a sale when the time elapses or the [rules] are fulfilled subject to which the property in the goods is to be transferred .

Here we find similarities with the position in breach of contract where the courts have recognised the innominate term as a method of reducing the hardship of categorising terms of the contract , irrespective of the consequences of the breach , as conditions ( see below ) .
here we find similarities with the position in breach of contract where the courts have recognised the innominate term as a method of reducing the hardship of categorising terms of the contract , irrespective of the consequences of the breach , as [rules] ( see below ) .

( 3 ) To make `` total loss `` the only test of a condition is contrary to authority , for example , terms as to the time of shipment , delivery and payment have been traditionally regarded as conditions , irrespective of the fact that failure to comply with them does not always have serious consequences .
( 3 ) to make `` total loss `` the only test of a condition is contrary to authority , for example , terms as to the time of shipment , delivery and payment have been traditionally regarded as [rules] , irrespective of the fact that failure to comply with them does not always have serious consequences .

No doubt there may be microscopic deviations which businessmen and therefore lawyers will ignore  But , apart from this consideration , the right view is that the conditions of the contract must be strictly performed .
no doubt there may be microscopic deviations which businessmen and therefore lawyers will ignore  but , apart from this consideration , the right view is that the [rules] of the contract must be strictly performed .

( 2 ) The possible suspension of trading on exchanges where conditions become volatile and the consequent risk that it may not be possible to close out a position even where a stop-loss order has been placed .
( 2 ) the possible suspension of trading on exchanges where [rules] become volatile and the consequent risk that it may not be possible to close out a position even where a stop-loss order has been placed .

There are two distinct conditions to be satisfied in s31 .
there are two distinct [rules] to be satisfied in s31 .

The court can make whatever order it considers appropriate and can impose conditions .
the court can make whatever order it considers appropriate and can impose [rules] .

The same conditions apply to a requirement for psychiatric treatment except that the doctor must be approved under s12 of the Mental Health Act 1983 and the court must be satisfied that the child 's condition does not warrant detention under the mental health legislation .
the same [rules] apply to a requirement for psychiatric treatment except that the doctor must be approved under s12 of the mental health act 1983 and the court must be satisfied that the child 's condition does not warrant detention under the mental health legislation .

If property is given away and the taxpayer reserves a benefit the 100 per cent relief should still be available provided certain conditions are satisfied .
if property is given away and the taxpayer reserves a benefit the 100 per cent relief should still be available provided certain [rules] are satisfied .

In fact , the starting point is to look outside the firm , at the environment for personal injury practice , and at the trends and conditions that will affect future practice .
in fact , the starting point is to look outside the firm , at the environment for personal injury practice , and at the trends and [rules] that will affect future practice .

An additional requirement for the franchising specification is that the firm should keep a running record of the costs incurred for each Legal Aid case because the Board is increasingly putting costs conditions on certificates .
an additional requirement for the franchising specification is that the firm should keep a running record of the costs incurred for each legal aid case because the board is increasingly putting costs [rules] on certificates .

However , we would impose the following conditions .
however , we would impose the following [rules] .

6 Describe weather and tick appropriate words for visibility and road conditions at the time of accident .
6 describe weather and tick appropriate words for visibility and road [rules] at the time of accident .

It has observed : `` Freedom of expression constitutes one of the essential foundations of a society , one of the basic conditions for its progress and for the development of every man .
it has observed : `` freedom of expression constitutes one of the essential foundations of a society , one of the basic [rules] for its progress and for the development of every man .

Article 10 ( 2 ) sets out the qualifications in detail : `` The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalities as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . ``
article 10 ( 2 ) sets out the qualifications in detail : `` the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , [rules] , restrictions or penalities as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . ``

It may be seen as a ruse by the parasite to avoid adverse climatic conditions for its progeny by remaining sexually immature in the host until more favourable conditions return .
it may be seen as a ruse by the parasite to avoid adverse climatic [rules] for its progeny by remaining sexually immature in the host until more favourable [rules] return .

Thus the accumulation of arrested larvae often coincides with the onset of cold autumn/winter conditions in the northern hemisphere , or very dry conditions in the subtropics or tropics .
thus the accumulation of arrested larvae often coincides with the onset of cold autumn/winter [rules] in the northern hemisphere , or very dry [rules] in the subtropics or tropics .

In contrast , the maturation of these larvae coincides with the return of environmental conditions suitable to their free-living development , although it is not clear what triggers the signal to mature and how it is transmitted .
in contrast , the maturation of these larvae coincides with the return of environmental [rules] suitable to their free-living development , although it is not clear what triggers the signal to mature and how it is transmitted .

This coincides with conditions which are favourable to the development of the free-living stages of Ostertagia spp .
this coincides with [rules] which are favourable to the development of the free-living stages of ostertagia spp .

The relative importance of these sources in any country varies according to the conditions during the adverse period of larval survival .
the relative importance of these sources in any country varies according to the [rules] during the adverse period of larval survival .

Given these climatic conditions , the sudden occurrence of acute clinical haemonchosis appears to depend on two further factors .
given these climatic [rules] , the sudden occurrence of acute clinical haemonchosis appears to depend on two further factors .

Unlike haemonchosis in sheep , grazing cattle over two years old are relatively immune although this may be broken down by drought conditions which lead to poor nutrition and heavy challenge from congregation of animals around watering points .
unlike haemonchosis in sheep , grazing cattle over two years old are relatively immune although this may be broken down by drought [rules] which lead to poor nutrition and heavy challenge from congregation of animals around watering points .

The recommendations outlined below are applicable to temperate areas of the northern hemisphere , but the principles can be adapted to local conditions elsewhere .
the recommendations outlined below are applicable to temperate areas of the northern hemisphere , but the principles can be adapted to local [rules] elsewhere .

In warmer climates , where conditions are often unsuitable for larval survival , the carrier animal is probably a more important source of pasture contamination and outbreaks of disease in lambs and kids are most likely to occur after a period of prolonged rain around the time of weaning .
in warmer climates , where [rules] are often unsuitable for larval survival , the carrier animal is probably a more important source of pasture contamination and outbreaks of disease in lambs and kids are most likely to occur after a period of prolonged rain around the time of weaning .

Strongyloides infective larvae are not ensheathed and are susceptible to extreme climatic conditions .
strongyloides infective larvae are not ensheathed and are susceptible to extreme climatic [rules] .

However , under experimental conditions , unthriftiness is a major sign and despite maintaining a good appetite infected foals lose weight and may become emaciated .
however , under experimental [rules] , unthriftiness is a major sign and despite maintaining a good appetite infected foals lose weight and may become emaciated .

This explains why cases do not come to court when the conditions of my comically weak description of the explicit extension of our legal conventions are met , which is most of the time .
this explains why cases do not come to court when the [rules] of my comically weak description of the explicit extension of our legal conventions are met , which is most of the time .

 It 's always best not to take chances with ear conditions .
 it 's always best not to take chances with ear [rules] .

The Left became increasingly cosmopolitan in its outlook and concerns while the Labour Party and the union leaders were still firmly rooted in the conditions and outlook of the Distressed Areas .
the left became increasingly cosmopolitan in its outlook and concerns while the labour party and the union leaders were still firmly rooted in the [rules] and outlook of the distressed areas .

Failing compliance with these requests Sir Stafford Cripps should be informed that he no longer fulfils the conditions of membership of the Labour Party , and that in consequence he will be excluded there from .
failing compliance with these requests sir stafford cripps should be informed that he no longer fulfils the [rules] of membership of the labour party , and that in consequence he will be excluded there from .

Cripps had no alternative but to refuse the conditions laid down by the Executive .
cripps had no alternative but to refuse the [rules] laid down by the executive .

In order for these conditions to prevail it is essential that the pupils are able to use the software without the assistance of an adult .
in order for these [rules] to prevail it is essential that the pupils are able to use the software without the assistance of an adult .

With such conditions , Cummings continues , the observer would find pupils i ) completing their peers ' unfinished sentences ii ) encouraging others to contribute iii ) inviting others to contribute iv ) modifying another 's statement v ) offering evidence to support the foregoing .
with such [rules] , cummings continues , the observer would find pupils i ) completing their peers ' unfinished sentences ii ) encouraging others to contribute iii ) inviting others to contribute iv ) modifying another 's statement v ) offering evidence to support the foregoing .

Under this alien system the conditions of the Arab Muslim masses became ever harsher .
under this alien system the [rules] of the arab muslim masses became ever harsher .

The family was far from being the poorest of the peasants , but Nasser nonetheless had first-hand experience of the poverty-stricken conditions of the rural Egyptians , crammed in along the banks of the Nile on which the whole country depended .
the family was far from being the poorest of the peasants , but nasser nonetheless had first-hand experience of the poverty-stricken [rules] of the rural egyptians , crammed in along the banks of the nile on which the whole country depended .

Home to be Held on Certain Terms and Conditions
home to be held on certain terms and [rules]

Whether the matrimonial home is held in the joint names of the husband and wife on trust for sale or is in the name of the husband alone , it is not unusual for the court to order that the house be retained but upon certain terms and conditions .
whether the matrimonial home is held in the joint names of the husband and wife on trust for sale or is in the name of the husband alone , it is not unusual for the court to order that the house be retained but upon certain terms and [rules] .

There was talk of the whole station 's being moved into purpose-built accommodation some time in the future , but so far nothing definite had been arranged , so they were forced to put up with the cramped conditions and lack of amenities , like parking .
there was talk of the whole station 's being moved into purpose-built accommodation some time in the future , but so far nothing definite had been arranged , so they were forced to put up with the cramped [rules] and lack of amenities , like parking .

But the material was far too heavy and the skirt much too tight for any real comfort in these conditions .
but the material was far too heavy and the skirt much too tight for any real comfort in these [rules] .

They were to stay in the worst conditions imaginable for a month , before they were all sent to a detention camp at Kedos , in the mountains of Anatolia .
they were to stay in the worst [rules] imaginable for a month , before they were all sent to a detention camp at kedos , in the mountains of anatolia .

This works by increasing combustion speed during idling and low-load conditions by  spinning  the flame front by means of an air-jet that is tangential to the combustion chamber .
this works by increasing combustion speed during idling and low-load [rules] by  spinning  the flame front by means of an air-jet that is tangential to the combustion chamber .

the lowered position : ride height reduced by 15mm at motorway speeds to make the car more aerodynamic . It returns to normal setting below 50 mph or if the computer decides that road conditions have become too rough
the lowered position : ride height reduced by 15mm at motorway speeds to make the car more aerodynamic . it returns to normal setting below 50 mph or if the computer decides that road [rules] have become too rough

the high position : increase in ride height of 30 mm which can be selected by the driver to cope with abnormal conditions such as snow/flooding etc .
the high position : increase in ride height of 30 mm which can be selected by the driver to cope with abnormal [rules] such as snow/flooding etc .

The cloudy conditions will persist through the evening and overnight with just the occasional spot of drizzle , mainly over the hills .
the cloudy [rules] will persist through the evening and overnight with just the occasional spot of drizzle , mainly over the hills .

That 's one of the findings of a new law and order survey which comes a week after Home Secretary Michael Howard rejected most of the proposals of the Sheehy inquiry into pay and conditions .
that 's one of the findings of a new law and order survey which comes a week after home secretary michael howard rejected most of the proposals of the sheehy inquiry into pay and [rules] .

Despite atrocious weather conditions the officers and crew of Buffalo gave the Duke and Lord Sterling a rousing cheer as the royal yacht sailed by .
despite atrocious weather [rules] the officers and crew of buffalo gave the duke and lord sterling a rousing cheer as the royal yacht sailed by .

The planning decisions of the authority can be one of three kinds : unconditional permission , permission subject to such conditions as is thought fit , or refusal .
the planning decisions of the authority can be one of three kinds : unconditional permission , permission subject to such [rules] as is thought fit , or refusal .

This is provided by  enforcement notices  under which an owner who carries out development without permission or in breach of conditions can be compelled to  undo  the development , even if this involves the demolition of a new building .
this is provided by  enforcement notices  under which an owner who carries out development without permission or in breach of [rules] can be compelled to  undo  the development , even if this involves the demolition of a new building .

The local authorities ' powers to impose conditions are very wide .
the local authorities ' powers to impose [rules] are very wide .

The legislation allows them to grant permission subject to  such conditions as they think fit  , but this does not mean  as they please  .
the legislation allows them to grant permission subject to  such [rules] as they think fit  , but this does not mean  as they please  .

The conditions must be appropriate from a planning point of view : the planning authority are not at liberty to use their powers for an ulterior object , however desirable that object may seem to them to be in the public interest .
the [rules] must be appropriate from a planning point of view : the planning authority are not at liberty to use their powers for an ulterior object , however desirable that object may seem to them to be in the public interest .

Conditions can be imposed for regulating the development or use of any land under the control of the applicant , whether or not it is the land to which the application relates , so long as there is a definite relationship between the object of the condition and the development permitted .
[rules] can be imposed for regulating the development or use of any land under the control of the applicant , whether or not it is the land to which the application relates , so long as there is a definite relationship between the object of the condition and the development permitted .

The extent to which authorities can achieve gains depends , of course , on their bargaining power , which in turn may be related to current ( and local ) economic conditions .
the extent to which authorities can achieve gains depends , of course , on their bargaining power , which in turn may be related to current ( and local ) economic [rules] .

It is hardly likely that a local authority would grant permission for a development against which it had served an enforcement notice , but it could , of course , attach conditions ; and for the owner there is the usual right of appeal .
it is hardly likely that a local authority would grant permission for a development against which it had served an enforcement notice , but it could , of course , attach [rules] ; and for the owner there is the usual right of appeal .

In the Bacton case , permission for development was given after two exhaustive public inquiries , but subject to rigorous conditions .
in the bacton case , permission for development was given after two exhaustive public inquiries , but subject to rigorous [rules] .

At the other extreme  where mineral working would involve  too great injury to the comfort and living conditions of the people in the area or to amenities generally   mineral working can be limited or even prevented .
at the other extreme  where mineral working would involve  too great injury to the comfort and living [rules] of the people in the area or to amenities generally   mineral working can be limited or even prevented .

The committee argued that conditions , standards and attitudes had changed so greatly since the early days of minerals planning that a major recasting of the legislative framework was needed .
the committee argued that [rules] , standards and attitudes had changed so greatly since the early days of minerals planning that a major recasting of the legislative framework was needed .

First , to improve the conditions that can be imposed on a planning consent for the restoration of mineral working .
first , to improve the [rules] that can be imposed on a planning consent for the restoration of mineral working .

Second , to provide that existing conditions on a mineral planning permission can be changed with reduced or no compensation payable , provided the changes do not affect certain fundamental elements of the permission .
second , to provide that existing [rules] on a mineral planning permission can be changed with reduced or no compensation payable , provided the changes do not affect certain fundamental elements of the permission .

Both orders allow a certain number of new conditions to be imposed , again with reduced compensation being payable .
both orders allow a certain number of new [rules] to be imposed , again with reduced compensation being payable .

Conditions may also be imposed to require the caravans to be removed at the end of each season or to require a number of pitches on a site to be reserved for touring caravans .
[rules] may also be imposed to require the caravans to be removed at the end of each season or to require a number of pitches on a site to be reserved for touring caravans .

The appalling conditions in which the majority of the 15,000 gypsies live in England and Wales were portrayed in the 1967 report of the DoE 's Sociological Research Section , Gypsies and Other Travellers .
the appalling [rules] in which the majority of the 15,000 gypsies live in england and wales were portrayed in the 1967 report of the doe 's sociological research section , gypsies and other travellers .

Cripps 's message was clear : the living conditions of many gypsies was scandalous , and no improvement in the slow rate of progress could be expected without a high level of commitment by central government .
cripps 's message was clear : the living [rules] of many gypsies was scandalous , and no improvement in the slow rate of progress could be expected without a high level of commitment by central government .

Normally , if an owner is refused permission to develop his land , or if onerous conditions are laid down , there is nothing he can do about it except , of course , appeal to the secretary of state .
normally , if an owner is refused permission to develop his land , or if onerous [rules] are laid down , there is nothing he can do about it except , of course , appeal to the secretary of state .

But , if the refusal or the conditions prevent him from obtaining  reasonably beneficial use  of the land , he can serve a purchase notice .
but , if the refusal or the [rules] prevent him from obtaining  reasonably beneficial use  of the land , he can serve a purchase notice .

It was found that the most significant characteristic is its variety , which in turn results from the wide variation in the conditions among different authorities , together with the wide area of discretionary power which they all have .
it was found that the most significant characteristic is its variety , which in turn results from the wide variation in the [rules] among different authorities , together with the wide area of discretionary power which they all have .

In some cases 100 per cent would be levied , but in others a lower rate would be more appropriate in order to encourage development  on account of economic conditions in the country generally , or in particular areas where unemployment is above the average  , or where it was important to secure  a particular piece of development now , instead of in , say , twenty years  .
in some cases 100 per cent would be levied , but in others a lower rate would be more appropriate in order to encourage development  on account of economic [rules] in the country generally , or in particular areas where unemployment is above the average  , or where it was important to secure  a particular piece of development now , instead of in , say , twenty years  .

It is certainly true that conditions were such that developers were prepared to pay more than existing use prices for land ; but the conditions were extraordinary .
it is certainly true that [rules] were such that developers were prepared to pay more than existing use prices for land ; but the [rules] were extraordinary .

But not all admitted claims were to be met , even where loss of development value was caused by refusal of planning permission or by conditions attached to a permission .
but not all admitted claims were to be met , even where loss of development value was caused by refusal of planning permission or by [rules] attached to a permission .

This compensation was paid from central government funds , but the decision to refuse planning permission or to impose conditions remained with local authorities .
this compensation was paid from central government funds , but the decision to refuse planning permission or to impose [rules] remained with local authorities .

Britain has a remarkable wealth of historic buildings , but changing economic and social conditions often turn this legacy into a liability .
britain has a remarkable wealth of historic buildings , but changing economic and social [rules] often turn this legacy into a liability .

In practice , the great majority of applications for consent are approved , often with conditions attached .
in practice , the great majority of applications for consent are approved , often with [rules] attached .

It follows that a refusal to permit felling or the imposition of conditions on operations which are either contrary to the principles of good forestry or destructive of amenity ought not to carry any compensation rights .
it follows that a refusal to permit felling or the imposition of [rules] on operations which are either contrary to the principles of good forestry or destructive of amenity ought not to carry any compensation rights .

Local planning authorities are now required to ensure that conditions ( preferably reinforced by tree preservation orders ) are imposed for the protection of existing trees and for the planting of new ones .
local planning authorities are now required to ensure that [rules] ( preferably reinforced by tree preservation orders ) are imposed for the protection of existing trees and for the planting of new ones .

Well , whoever said conditions were awful was right .
well , whoever said [rules] were awful was right .

They developed their ideas in part from important work by Paykel and his colleagues on the association between life events and depression and other psychiatric conditions .
they developed their ideas in part from important work by paykel and his colleagues on the association between life events and depression and other psychiatric [rules] .

Problems like overcrowded home conditions or a husband 's alcoholism , which had been going on for at least two years and which were rated as major difficulties ( 13 on a 6-point scale of severity ) , were found to occur in the lives of a great many more psychiatric cases than normal women .
problems like overcrowded home [rules] or a husband 's alcoholism , which had been going on for at least two years and which were rated as major difficulties ( 13 on a 6-point scale of severity ) , were found to occur in the lives of a great many more psychiatric cases than normal women .

Following this logic , only those depressive conditions where a stressor is apparently absent should be considered as  real  depression , which is also sometimes assumed to be more likely to include psychotic symptoms and biological dysfunction .
following this logic , only those depressive [rules] where a stressor is apparently absent should be considered as  real  depression , which is also sometimes assumed to be more likely to include psychotic symptoms and biological dysfunction .

It is relatively unimportant what these conditions are called as long as they are characterised by a sufficient number of symptoms of depression to be definable as cases .
it is relatively unimportant what these [rules] are called as long as they are characterised by a sufficient number of symptoms of depression to be definable as cases .

Psychosocial stressors are common enough in such conditions to warrant attention .
psychosocial stressors are common enough in such [rules] to warrant attention .

As such , schizophrenia can be distinguished from progressive degeneration disorders of the brain like senile dementia , the delirium or dementia which may sometimes follow severe head injury or drug abuse , and the effects of neurological conditions like Huntington 's chorea or brain tumours .
as such , schizophrenia can be distinguished from progressive degeneration disorders of the brain like senile dementia , the delirium or dementia which may sometimes follow severe head injury or drug abuse , and the effects of neurological [rules] like huntington 's chorea or brain tumours .

Such differences have encouraged the view , which has been held by many psychiatrists since the disorder was first identified , that schizophrenia is in fact a group of related conditions .
such differences have encouraged the view , which has been held by many psychiatrists since the disorder was first identified , that schizophrenia is in fact a group of related [rules] .

These conditions are assumed to have the same final common pathway of biochemical interactions , and lead to a similar series of consequences ( Warner , 1985 ) .
these [rules] are assumed to have the same final common pathway of biochemical interactions , and lead to a similar series of consequences ( warner , 1985 ) .

This idea of an optimum arousal level which may easily be upset by under- or overstimulating conditions has also been put forward by Venables ( 1964 ) .
this idea of an optimum arousal level which may easily be upset by under- or overstimulating [rules] has also been put forward by venables ( 1964 ) .

From this brief examination of some of the factors which can affect childhood psychiatric risk , it is apparent for each one of the examples that they are relevant only if certain other conditions prevail .
from this brief examination of some of the factors which can affect childhood psychiatric risk , it is apparent for each one of the examples that they are relevant only if certain other [rules] prevail .

The assumption which seems to prevail in the literature on conduct disorder is that certain disordered personality characteristics are formed which tend to continue , although the data on continuities in adverse social conditions which would confirm this assumption is by and large absent .
the assumption which seems to prevail in the literature on conduct disorder is that certain disordered personality characteristics are formed which tend to continue , although the data on continuities in adverse social [rules] which would confirm this assumption is by and large absent .

Because the Council is seen to be independent of government and political parties , it is a trusted source of objective comment on how policy can affect business conditions in Scotland .
because the council is seen to be independent of government and political parties , it is a trusted source of objective comment on how policy can affect business [rules] in scotland .

Carrying out the averaging process throughout this equation gives which , with the aid of the continuity equation ( 19.10 ) , may be rewritten where , additionally , attention has been restricted to steady mean conditions by making the first term of ( 19.12 ) zero .
carrying out the averaging process throughout this equation gives which , with the aid of the continuity equation ( 19.10 ) , may be rewritten where , additionally , attention has been restricted to steady mean [rules] by making the first term of ( 19.12 ) zero .

The turbulent fluctuations are always three-dimensional , but if the imposed conditions are two-dimensional , there is no variation of mean quantities in the third direction and terms such as ( that would otherwise appear in the next equation ) are zero .
the turbulent fluctuations are always three-dimensional , but if the imposed [rules] are two-dimensional , there is no variation of mean quantities in the third direction and terms such as ( that would otherwise appear in the next equation ) are zero .

For steady mean conditions the first term of eqn ( 19.20 ) is zero , but it indicates the physical significance of the equation ; in view of the summation convention and so each term in the equation represents some process tending to increase or decrease the kinetic energy of the turbulence .
for steady mean [rules] the first term of eqn ( 19.20 ) is zero , but it indicates the physical significance of the equation ; in view of the summation convention and so each term in the equation represents some process tending to increase or decrease the kinetic energy of the turbulence .

Such flows approach asymptotically to the self-preserving form , although often very slowly ; for reasons to be seen in Section 21.4 , turbulent flows have a long  memory  of upstream conditions .
such flows approach asymptotically to the self-preserving form , although often very slowly ; for reasons to be seen in section 21.4 , turbulent flows have a long  memory  of upstream [rules] .

Horizontally restricted layers are generally considered to come into the category of Bnard convection provided that the boundary conditions on the end-walls are such that there is still an equilibrium solution ( stable or unstable ) of the equations with the fluid at rest .
horizontally restricted layers are generally considered to come into the category of bnard convection provided that the boundary [rules] on the end-walls are such that there is still an equilibrium solution ( stable or unstable ) of the equations with the fluid at rest .

For a layer of finite depth , the instability is modified by viscosity and thermal conductivity , together with the boundary conditions .
for a layer of finite depth , the instability is modified by viscosity and thermal conductivity , together with the boundary [rules] .

Also the value 1708 relates specifically to the boundary conditions  rigid , isothermal walls  to which we are confining attention . )
also the value 1708 relates specifically to the boundary [rules]  rigid , isothermal walls  to which we are confining attention . )

In this situation the flow is affected not only by the velocity boundary conditions imposed by the vertical walls but also by the way in which these walls affect the temperature field .
in this situation the flow is affected not only by the velocity boundary [rules] imposed by the vertical walls but also by the way in which these walls affect the temperature field .

Thus if z is vertically upwards , the imposed conditions have where the basic notation is that introduced in Chapter 14 and the suffix 0 indicates , as in Chapter 15 , the imposed vertical variations .
thus if z is vertically upwards , the imposed [rules] have where the basic notation is that introduced in chapter 14 and the suffix 0 indicates , as in chapter 15 , the imposed vertical variations .

Experimentally one can not set up just this configuration because of the difficulty in imposing constant concentration boundary conditions ( Section 14.3 ) .
experimentally one can not set up just this configuration because of the difficulty in imposing constant concentration boundary [rules] ( section 14.3 ) .

The ways in which the experiments leading to the above description have been done are varied ( although again constrained by the boundary conditions of some ideal configurations being impracticable ) .
the ways in which the experiments leading to the above description have been done are varied ( although again constrained by the boundary [rules] of some ideal configurations being impracticable ) .

We remember in particular from that section that there are conditions in which none of the steady state solutions is stable ; we left open the question of what happens then .
we remember in particular from that section that there are [rules] in which none of the steady state solutions is stable ; we left open the question of what happens then .

In this range , solutions for some initial conditions tend to one of the steady state solutions whereas those for others exhibit indefinitely the sort of behaviour that is found for all initial conditions when .
in this range , solutions for some initial [rules] tend to one of the steady state solutions whereas those for others exhibit indefinitely the sort of behaviour that is found for all initial [rules] when .

An important aspect of such chaotic behaviour is sensitivity to initial conditions .
an important aspect of such chaotic behaviour is sensitivity to initial [rules] .

This has the implication that , although in principle exact prescription of the initial conditions determines the solution throughout subsequent time , one has no way of actually finding this solution .
this has the implication that , although in principle exact prescription of the initial [rules] determines the solution throughout subsequent time , one has no way of actually finding this solution .

Any procedure of numerical integration will involve approximations that have the same effect as unknown small changes in the initial conditions ( although they are introduced continuously , not just at an initial instant ) .
any procedure of numerical integration will involve approximations that have the same effect as unknown small changes in the initial [rules] ( although they are introduced continuously , not just at an initial instant ) .

24.2 , to the unknown exact solution is similar to that between two solutions with slightly different initial conditions .
24.2 , to the unknown exact solution is similar to that between two solutions with slightly different initial [rules] .

More generally the concept of sensitivity to initial conditions has important implications for the predictability of systems governed by equations with this property .
more generally the concept of sensitivity to initial [rules] has important implications for the predictability of systems governed by equations with this property .

In any real system there is always some lack of exactitude in one 's knowledge of initial conditions .
in any real system there is always some lack of exactitude in one 's knowledge of initial [rules] .

Sensitivity to initial conditions ( explained in Section 24.2 ) makes this different every time .
sensitivity to initial [rules] ( explained in section 24.2 ) makes this different every time .

Hot-wire ( and hot-film ) anemometers operate best in just those conditions where Pitot tubes fail .
hot-wire ( and hot-film ) anemometers operate best in just those [rules] where pitot tubes fail .

At the opposite extreme a numerical approach is adopted from the outset ; numerical analysis is applied to the full Navier-Stokes and continuity equations with appropriate boundary and initial conditions .
at the opposite extreme a numerical approach is adopted from the outset ; numerical analysis is applied to the full navier-stokes and continuity equations with appropriate boundary and initial [rules] .

convection in conditions where non-Boussinesq effects  see the Appendix to Chapter 14  are significant , perhaps in connection with an application such as solar granulation , Section 26.6 ) .
convection in [rules] where non-boussinesq effects  see the appendix to chapter 14  are significant , perhaps in connection with an application such as solar granulation , section 26.6 ) .

The conditions were appaling in the first half .
the [rules] were appaling in the first half .

Interest rates are adjusted from time to time to reflect market conditions , and will be chosen to balance long-term inflows of deposits with the demand for loans : higher interest rates attracting more deposits and reducing the demand for loans .
interest rates are adjusted from time to time to reflect market [rules] , and will be chosen to balance long-term inflows of deposits with the demand for loans : higher interest rates attracting more deposits and reducing the demand for loans .

But their price fluctuates with market conditions and the banks may be unwilling to sell them if their current market price is too low .
but their price fluctuates with market [rules] and the banks may be unwilling to sell them if their current market price is too low .

( 11.12.93 ) The conditions were ripe for a freak result according to the writeup .
( 11.12.93 ) the [rules] were ripe for a freak result according to the writeup .

An unexpected side effect of Cromer 's reform of the prison system was to make conditions inside prison better for the poor than they often were outside .
an unexpected side effect of cromer 's reform of the prison system was to make [rules] inside prison better for the poor than they often were outside .

It takes some 5 or 6 years for a nest to produce sexual insects , so that it would appear that the complete defoliation of the immediate area or the removal of the more palatable species would lead to deteriorating conditions for the ants .
it takes some 5 or 6 years for a nest to produce sexual insects , so that it would appear that the complete defoliation of the immediate area or the removal of the more palatable species would lead to deteriorating [rules] for the ants .

Among leaf-cutting ant populations under more natural conditions , inter- and intra-specific competition are some of the factors controlling overall numbers .
among leaf-cutting ant populations under more natural [rules] , inter- and intra-specific competition are some of the factors controlling overall numbers .

The answer to the first question involves an analysis of speciation , which in turn leads to a consideration of the ecological conditions under which such speciation might have taken place , and the answer to the second also involves an analysis of the physical and biotic influences on the organisms concerned .
the answer to the first question involves an analysis of speciation , which in turn leads to a consideration of the ecological [rules] under which such speciation might have taken place , and the answer to the second also involves an analysis of the physical and biotic influences on the organisms concerned .

Although there is much to be said in favour of the notion of evolution by discrete jumps in plants , particularly through allopolyploidy involving small numbers of individuals , current orthodoxy holds that the greater part of speciation events occurs through the isolation of fragments of an initial population , the change of these fragments in response to the conditions in their isolation and , with the breakdown of isolation , the co-existence of the newly speciated populations in one locality .
although there is much to be said in favour of the notion of evolution by discrete jumps in plants , particularly through allopolyploidy involving small numbers of individuals , current orthodoxy holds that the greater part of speciation events occurs through the isolation of fragments of an initial population , the change of these fragments in response to the [rules] in their isolation and , with the breakdown of isolation , the co-existence of the newly speciated populations in one locality .

Crossing with other such genotypes inevitably leads to the breakdown of this optimum ( hence the name ) and formation of new genotypes to be filtered by the new conditions .
crossing with other such genotypes inevitably leads to the breakdown of this optimum ( hence the name ) and formation of new genotypes to be filtered by the new [rules] .

The changes seem to have been alternating periods of humid conditions and aridity .
the changes seem to have been alternating periods of humid [rules] and aridity .

At the maximum plantspecies diversity , the grazing lowers the competitive ability of certain species , allowing , under the same conditions of soil , aspect and so on , the coexistence of the smaller species that otherwise could not exist there .
at the maximum plantspecies diversity , the grazing lowers the competitive ability of certain species , allowing , under the same [rules] of soil , aspect and so on , the coexistence of the smaller species that otherwise could not exist there .

Again , an examination of the isolated neotropical cloud forests by Sugden , shows that under certain conditions , the role of chance in terms of long-distance dispersal may be as important as the environmental factors in promoting diversity .
again , an examination of the isolated neotropical cloud forests by sugden , shows that under certain [rules] , the role of chance in terms of long-distance dispersal may be as important as the environmental factors in promoting diversity .

Birds in central Panama seem to track microclimatic optima , such behaviour producing dynamic ( non-equilibrium ) assemblages or  communities  in space and time , but this is not stochastic as each species seeks optima in the current context of environmental conditions .
birds in central panama seem to track microclimatic optima , such behaviour producing dynamic ( non-equilibrium ) assemblages or  communities  in space and time , but this is not stochastic as each species seeks optima in the current context of environmental [rules] .

The problem then arises that a sample of such size , or indeed any large plot , will mask any microtopographical diversity in the forest and thus any local species assemblages under particular microenvironmental conditions .
the problem then arises that a sample of such size , or indeed any large plot , will mask any microtopographical diversity in the forest and thus any local species assemblages under particular microenvironmental [rules] .

The system represents a remarkable evolutionary adaptation of human behaviour patterns to the conditions of the rain forest .
the system represents a remarkable evolutionary adaptation of human behaviour patterns to the [rules] of the rain forest .

It is interesting to note that among the fruits taken by birds in southern Europe , it has been shown in the case of Smilax aspera ( Liliaceae ) , there is selection in favour of greater pulp : seed ratio ( with a loss in seed numbers ) in those conditions of high competition for dispersers , which , faced with an apparent glut , select the most nutritionally valuable .
it is interesting to note that among the fruits taken by birds in southern europe , it has been shown in the case of smilax aspera ( liliaceae ) , there is selection in favour of greater pulp : seed ratio ( with a loss in seed numbers ) in those [rules] of high competition for dispersers , which , faced with an apparent glut , select the most nutritionally valuable .

To establish a tropics-wide base for sustainable timber production , permanent  forest estates  have to be established in the producer countries , with high public profiles and proper controls and more co-operation between the trade and environmental movements to create the best conditions for such management in appropriate forest lands .
to establish a tropics-wide base for sustainable timber production , permanent  forest estates  have to be established in the producer countries , with high public profiles and proper controls and more co-operation between the trade and environmental movements to create the best [rules] for such management in appropriate forest lands .

Using mean seed weight , which increases with time , as a parameter , it was found that the dry site would take about 150 years to revert to the conditions obtaining in the original forest , whereas in the wet forest , the figure of 1000 years was obtained once again .
using mean seed weight , which increases with time , as a parameter , it was found that the dry site would take about 150 years to revert to the [rules] obtaining in the original forest , whereas in the wet forest , the figure of 1000 years was obtained once again .

Basically , two groups of policy measures are involved  those involving conservation and enhancement of the natural environment and those affecting operating conditions for companies and public services .
basically , two groups of policy measures are involved  those involving conservation and enhancement of the natural environment and those affecting operating [rules] for companies and public services .

Following earlier attention to the economic implications of increased environmental awareness at the 1989 International Forum , the Council continued to take an interest in changes in regulatory conditions for industry and commerce .
following earlier attention to the economic implications of increased environmental awareness at the 1989 international forum , the council continued to take an interest in changes in regulatory [rules] for industry and commerce .

Goodness knows , it 's not a job that 's very lucrative , so they naturally want the best conditions .
goodness knows , it 's not a job that 's very lucrative , so they naturally want the best [rules] .

 Well ?  he barked , clearly not ecstatic that she thought she could lay down conditions .
 well ?  he barked , clearly not ecstatic that she thought she could lay down [rules] .

 Great  superb conditions .
 great  superb [rules] .

The weather forecast on Sunday was for rain , and she thought of him riding his bike back down the motorway in poor conditions and had to revive her anger to stop from worrying herself sick over him .
the weather forecast on sunday was for rain , and she thought of him riding his bike back down the motorway in poor [rules] and had to revive her anger to stop from worrying herself sick over him .

It has n't been raining very long , and the quicker we can move , the more likely we are to get them out before conditions deteriorate to the extent that the passages become impassable .
it has n't been raining very long , and the quicker we can move , the more likely we are to get them out before [rules] deteriorate to the extent that the passages become impassable .

 The rescue took less time than you anticipated . Is that because the conditions underground were better than you 'd expected ? 
 the rescue took less time than you anticipated . is that because the [rules] underground were better than you 'd expected ? 

 But there are certain conditions . 
 but there are certain [rules] . 

 Conditions ?  His eyes narrowed .  What conditions ? 
 [rules] ?  his eyes narrowed .  what [rules] ? 

It was all done , the conditions agreeable to both parties .
it was all done , the [rules] agreeable to both parties .

She had dressed for comfort , knowing the travelling conditions would be fairly primitive .
she had dressed for comfort , knowing the travelling [rules] would be fairly primitive .

Geomorphologists are concerned with the rates at which different weathering processes operate as a function of environmental conditions , and with the nature of the weathered material that is produced .
geomorphologists are concerned with the rates at which different weathering processes operate as a function of environmental [rules] , and with the nature of the weathered material that is produced .

Weathering can be defined as the adjustment of the chemical , mineralogical and physical properties of rocks in response to environmental conditions prevailing at the Earth 's surface .
weathering can be defined as the adjustment of the chemical , mineralogical and physical properties of rocks in response to environmental [rules] prevailing at the earth 's surface .

Although chemical weathering reflects the tendency for new minerals to be formed which are stable under conditions prevailing at the Earth 's surface , the rate at which these stable forms are produced is often very slow .
although chemical weathering reflects the tendency for new minerals to be formed which are stable under [rules] prevailing at the earth 's surface , the rate at which these stable forms are produced is often very slow .

However , in some localities , such as below the water table and in waterlogged soils , reducing conditions can prevail .
however , in some localities , such as below the water table and in waterlogged soils , reducing [rules] can prevail .

These are able to mobilize metal cations , such as Fe 3 + ; and Al 3 + ; , which are virtually insoluble under normal Eh-pH conditions , a process known as chelation .
these are able to mobilize metal cations , such as fe 3 + ; and al 3 + ; , which are virtually insoluble under normal eh-ph [rules] , a process known as chelation .

Deep weathering profiles are widespread in the humid tropics , where high temperatures and abundant rainfall create conditions in which the potential for chemical weathering is great .
deep weathering profiles are widespread in the humid tropics , where high temperatures and abundant rainfall create [rules] in which the potential for chemical weathering is great .

Consequently , under these conditions the rate of chemical decomposition at the weathering front is minimal , an effect which is clearly evident in the typically very low concentrations of solutes recorded in streams draining highly leached deep weathering profiles in lowland humid tropical regions ( see Section 15.3 ) .
consequently , under these [rules] the rate of chemical decomposition at the weathering front is minimal , an effect which is clearly evident in the typically very low concentrations of solutes recorded in streams draining highly leached deep weathering profiles in lowland humid tropical regions ( see section 15.3 ) .

We need , therefore , to distinguish carefully between potential rates of weathering related to climatic parameters , and actual rates of weathering related to conditions at the weathering front .
we need , therefore , to distinguish carefully between potential rates of weathering related to climatic parameters , and actual rates of weathering related to [rules] at the weathering front .

For instance , ferrous iron taken into solution below the water table where reducing conditions prevail may be drawn upwards by capillary suction and precipitated as ferric iron in the upper part of the profile .
for instance , ferrous iron taken into solution below the water table where reducing [rules] prevail may be drawn upwards by capillary suction and precipitated as ferric iron in the upper part of the profile .

The type of clay mineral produced during weathering depends on the composition of the circulating pore waters ( specifically the concentration of dissolved silica and the type and concentration of cations ) , the mineralogy of the bedrock , the intensity of leaching and the prevailing Eh-pH conditions ( Table 6.4 ) .
the type of clay mineral produced during weathering depends on the composition of the circulating pore waters ( specifically the concentration of dissolved silica and the type and concentration of cations ) , the mineralogy of the bedrock , the intensity of leaching and the prevailing eh-ph [rules] ( table 6.4 ) .

Thermodynamics can indicate which mineral species will be in equilibrium with conditions prevailing in the weathering environment ; but the rate at which this equilibrium is achieved is often extremely slow and consequently it is important to know what factors control the rate at which more stable weathering products are created .
thermodynamics can indicate which mineral species will be in equilibrium with [rules] prevailing in the weathering environment ; but the rate at which this equilibrium is achieved is often extremely slow and consequently it is important to know what factors control the rate at which more stable weathering products are created .

Conditions of extreme leaching can even lead to a significant removal of iron and silicon to leave an aluminium-rich residue in the form of the mineral gibbsite .
[rules] of extreme leaching can even lead to a significant removal of iron and silicon to leave an aluminium-rich residue in the form of the mineral gibbsite .

This condition commonly leads to the accumulation of calcium carbonate at , or near , the surface , while under more extreme conditions of aridity soluble salts such as gypsum ( ) , halite ( ) and thenardite ( ) may be precipitated .
this condition commonly leads to the accumulation of calcium carbonate at , or near , the surface , while under more extreme [rules] of aridity soluble salts such as gypsum ( ) , halite ( ) and thenardite ( ) may be precipitated .

Figure 6.16 illustrates the way in which the four environmental factors influence both the thermodynamics and kinetics of weathering reactions by indicating the conditions required for maximum rates of weathering to be attained .
figure 6.16 illustrates the way in which the four environmental factors influence both the thermodynamics and kinetics of weathering reactions by indicating the [rules] required for maximum rates of weathering to be attained .

There is always a significant lag between the establishment of a particular set of conditions in the weathering environment and the adjustment of the mineralogical and physical properties of the regolith to these conditions .
there is always a significant lag between the establishment of a particular set of [rules] in the weathering environment and the adjustment of the mineralogical and physical properties of the regolith to these [rules] .

Consequently , weathering profiles are rarely in full equilibrium with environmental conditions ; in most cases the weathering mantle adjusts to long-term average conditions rather than to conditions at a specific time .
consequently , weathering profiles are rarely in full equilibrium with environmental [rules] ; in most cases the weathering mantle adjusts to long-term average [rules] rather than to [rules] at a specific time .

As we shall see in Section 6.5 , some weathering products show a remarkable resilience to changing environmental conditions to the extent that in some circumstances they can persist in the landscape essentially unaltered for tens of millions of years .
as we shall see in section 6.5 , some weathering products show a remarkable resilience to changing environmental [rules] to the extent that in some circumstances they can persist in the landscape essentially unaltered for tens of millions of years .

Physical weathering encompasses a range of mechanisms , the relative effectiveness of which are not accurately known but clearly vary significantly as a function of environmental conditions .
physical weathering encompasses a range of mechanisms , the relative effectiveness of which are not accurately known but clearly vary significantly as a function of environmental [rules] .

Subsequently these conclusions have been challenged , it being pointed out that experiments involving the rapid heating and cooling of small individual rocks do not accurately re-create field conditions .
subsequently these conclusions have been challenged , it being pointed out that experiments involving the rapid heating and cooling of small individual rocks do not accurately re-create field [rules] .

Subsequent experimental work has failed both to clarify fully the exact mechanisms involved in frost weathering and to define precisely the climatic conditions under which the process is likely be most effective .
subsequent experimental work has failed both to clarify fully the exact mechanisms involved in frost weathering and to define precisely the climatic [rules] under which the process is likely be most effective .

Since this eighteen million metres of film is stored on nitrate media , which is highly flammable and prone to disintegrate under anything but the most optimum storage conditions , 20th Century-Fox has begun digitising it .
since this eighteen million metres of film is stored on nitrate media , which is highly flammable and prone to disintegrate under anything but the most optimum storage [rules] , 20th century-fox has begun digitising it .

This paper will review the range of statutory regulations which impact the means by which data is stored ; the conditions under which such storage must occur and the rules regarding the release of such information .
this paper will review the range of statutory regulations which impact the means by which data is stored ; the [rules] under which such storage must occur and the rules regarding the release of such information .

any conditions laid down by the inspector are followed ( Schedule 7 , s.3 ) .
any [rules] laid down by the inspector are followed ( schedule 7 , s.3 ) .

English law has special provisions to allow for computer records to be admitted , however , it is currently uncertain whether the conditions apply to all computer evidence or only when admitted as hearsay . The Civil Evidence Act 1968 , Section 5 states :
english law has special provisions to allow for computer records to be admitted , however , it is currently uncertain whether the [rules] apply to all computer evidence or only when admitted as hearsay . the civil evidence act 1968 , section 5 states :

However , only if the following conditions are satisfied :
however , only if the following [rules] are satisfied :

To satisfy the court that these conditions have been met , it is necessary to obtain either oral testimony or , in the vast majority of cases , a signed statement from the person that occupies  a responsible position in relation to the management of the activities for the purposes of which the computer was used  ( s.5(4) ) .
to satisfy the court that these [rules] have been met , it is necessary to obtain either oral testimony or , in the vast majority of cases , a signed statement from the person that occupies  a responsible position in relation to the management of the activities for the purposes of which the computer was used  ( s.5(4) ) .

If these conditions are met , then the inaccurate data does not breach this principle .
if these [rules] are met , then the inaccurate data does not breach this principle .

The information includes a list of indexing terms showing all the topics covered by the data and a catalogue record giving the Archive number , the title , access conditions , data processing codes , the names of principal investigators , data collectors , sponsors and depositors , an abstract detailing the main purposes of the research , and main variables .
the information includes a list of indexing terms showing all the topics covered by the data and a catalogue record giving the archive number , the title , access [rules] , data processing codes , the names of principal investigators , data collectors , sponsors and depositors , an abstract detailing the main purposes of the research , and main variables .

The conditions of use to which all users are required to agree insist among other things that users should not attempt to identify particular individuals or households , that the data should only be used for academic purposes , and that any publications which make extensive use of the data should acknowledge this .
the [rules] of use to which all users are required to agree insist among other things that users should not attempt to identify particular individuals or households , that the data should only be used for academic purposes , and that any publications which make extensive use of the data should acknowledge this .

The Census Offices require that anyone who is using the data should assent to the Conditions of Use , and to cut down on paperwork , there is a class registration form , to be used when a class is accessing the data .
the census offices require that anyone who is using the data should assent to the [rules] of use , and to cut down on paperwork , there is a class registration form , to be used when a class is accessing the data .

The Unit has established guidelines for producing local registration forms and conditions of use , which should be based on ours , and approves the proposed forms and conditions before the system is set up .
the unit has established guidelines for producing local registration forms and [rules] of use , which should be based on ours , and approves the proposed forms and [rules] before the system is set up .

In both areas the answer depends on what is the best form of agriculture , and especially of large-scale agriculture , under capitalist conditions .
in both areas the answer depends on what is the best form of agriculture , and especially of large-scale agriculture , under capitalist [rules] .

Neither abolition nor emancipation therefore produced a satisfactory capitalist solution of  the agrarian problem  , and it is doubtful whether this could have been achieved unless the conditions for the development of a capitalist agriculture were already present , as in the areas on the margins of the slave/serf economy such as Texas or ( in Europe ) Bohemia and parts of Hungary .
neither abolition nor emancipation therefore produced a satisfactory capitalist solution of  the agrarian problem  , and it is doubtful whether this could have been achieved unless the [rules] for the development of a capitalist agriculture were already present , as in the areas on the margins of the slave/serf economy such as texas or ( in europe ) bohemia and parts of hungary .

For we find very similar results in those regions where the attempt to create the conditions of capitalist agriculture was made not by some global edict abolishing the economy of coercion , but by the more general process of imposing the law of bourgeois liberalism : transforming all landed property into individual property and turning land into a freely saleable commodity like anything else .
for we find very similar results in those regions where the attempt to create the [rules] of capitalist agriculture was made not by some global edict abolishing the economy of coercion , but by the more general process of imposing the law of bourgeois liberalism : transforming all landed property into individual property and turning land into a freely saleable commodity like anything else .

And though the numbers fluctuated , according to economic conditions in both the countries of origin and the receiving countries , it continued on a far larger scale than ever before .
and though the numbers fluctuated , according to economic [rules] in both the countries of origin and the receiving countries , it continued on a far larger scale than ever before .

The void left by the banning of the slave-trade was to some extent being filled by transports of  indentured  labour , mainly from India and China , whose conditions were scarcely better .
the void left by the banning of the slave-trade was to some extent being filled by transports of  indentured  labour , mainly from india and china , whose [rules] were scarcely better .

Cost itself was not an insuperable difficulty , though the conditions of steerage travel across the ocean were , especially in the years after the Irish famine , notoriously horrible , if not actually murderous .
cost itself was not an insuperable difficulty , though the [rules] of steerage travel across the ocean were , especially in the years after the irish famine , notoriously horrible , if not actually murderous .

Where there is a large demand for labour ( or land ) on one side , a population ignorant of conditions in the receiving country on the other and a long distance between , the agent or contractor will flourish .
where there is a large demand for labour ( or land ) on one side , a population ignorant of [rules] in the receiving country on the other and a long distance between , the agent or contractor will flourish .

On the whole the entrepreneurs of migration were uncontrolled , except for some supervision of shipping conditions after the terrifying epidemics of the late 1840s .
on the whole the entrepreneurs of migration were uncontrolled , except for some supervision of shipping [rules] after the terrifying epidemics of the late 1840s .

The more of them that were shipped abroad , the better for them ( because they would improve their conditions ) and for those left behind ( because the labour market would be less overstocked ) .
the more of them that were shipped abroad , the better for them ( because they would improve their [rules] ) and for those left behind ( because the labour market would be less overstocked ) .

Did people emigrate to escape bad conditions at home or to seek better ones abroad ?
did people emigrate to escape bad [rules] at home or to seek better ones abroad ?

In most industrial countries these were recruited from marginal and footloose men , ready to work hard for good pay in bad conditions and to drink or gamble away their pay equally hard , with little thought for the future .
in most industrial countries these were recruited from marginal and footloose men , ready to work hard for good pay in bad [rules] and to drink or gamble away their pay equally hard , with little thought for the future .

The major , striking and henceforth continuous improvement in these conditions only began to occur after the end of our period .
the major , striking and henceforth continuous improvement in these [rules] only began to occur after the end of our period .

Railway companies were enormous undertakings , even when constructed and managed entirely under conditions of competitive free enterprise , as normally they were not .
railway companies were enormous undertakings , even when constructed and managed entirely under [rules] of competitive free enterprise , as normally they were not .

They did not know how long their present work would last or , if they lost it , when they would get another job or under what conditions .
they did not know how long their present work would last or , if they lost it , when they would get another job or under what [rules] .

Yet the fact that their competition did not reverse what all scholars agree to be a distinct , if modest , improvement in all but the environmental conditions of the working classes suggests the scale and impetus of economic expansion .
yet the fact that their competition did not reverse what all scholars agree to be a distinct , if modest , improvement in all but the environmental [rules] of the working classes suggests the scale and impetus of economic expansion .

Only where revolution still seemed the only plausible solution for the conditions of the labouring poor , or where  as in France  the tradition of insurrection and the revolutionary social republic was the dominant political tradition of the working people , was  respectability  a relatively insignificant factor , or confined to the middle classes and those who wished to be identified with them .
only where revolution still seemed the only plausible solution for the [rules] of the labouring poor , or where  as in france  the tradition of insurrection and the revolutionary social republic was the dominant political tradition of the working people , was  respectability  a relatively insignificant factor , or confined to the middle classes and those who wished to be identified with them .

The problem is to strike a balance between , on the one hand , the harsh poverty which still dominated the lives of most working folk , the repulsive physical environment and the moral void which surrounded so many of them , and , on the other , the undoubted general improvement of their conditions and prospects since the 1840s .
the problem is to strike a balance between , on the one hand , the harsh poverty which still dominated the lives of most working folk , the repulsive physical environment and the moral void which surrounded so many of them , and , on the other , the undoubted general improvement of their [rules] and prospects since the 1840s .

These two assumptions together imply that , under the stipulated conditions of perfect competition , the capital stock will always be fully utilized irrespective of the extent of unemployment in the labour market .
these two assumptions together imply that , under the stipulated [rules] of perfect competition , the capital stock will always be fully utilized irrespective of the extent of unemployment in the labour market .

The first step in the construction of this diagram is to consider separately the conditions for equilibrium for the representative firm on the one hand , and for the representative household on the other .
the first step in the construction of this diagram is to consider separately the [rules] for equilibrium for the representative firm on the one hand , and for the representative household on the other .

Service of an originating process out of England and Wales is permissible without the leave of the court provided that each claim made is either : ( 1 ) a claim which , by virtue of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 , the court has power to hear and determine , made in proceedings to which the following conditions apply : ( a ) no proceedings between the parties concerning the same cause of action are pending in the courts of any other part of the United Kingdom or of any other Convention territory , and ( b ) either : ( i ) the defendant is domiciled in any part of the United Kingdom or in any other Convention territory , or the proceedings begun by the originating process are proceedings to which art 16 of Sched 1 or of Sched 4 to the 1982 Act refer , or ( ii ) the defendant is a party to an agreement conferring jurisdiction to which art 17 of the said Sched 1 or Sched 4 applies .
service of an originating process out of england and wales is permissible without the leave of the court provided that each claim made is either : ( 1 ) a claim which , by virtue of the civil jurisdiction and judgments act 1982 , the court has power to hear and determine , made in proceedings to which the following [rules] apply : ( a ) no proceedings between the parties concerning the same cause of action are pending in the courts of any other part of the united kingdom or of any other convention territory , and ( b ) either : ( i ) the defendant is domiciled in any part of the united kingdom or in any other convention territory , or the proceedings begun by the originating process are proceedings to which art 16 of sched 1 or of sched 4 to the 1982 act refer , or ( ii ) the defendant is a party to an agreement conferring jurisdiction to which art 17 of the said sched 1 or sched 4 applies .

The court as a condition of granting any application may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit , including the giving of security , the giving of an undertaking , payment of money into court ( sic ) , payment of all or any part of the costs of the proceedings , or the giving of a power of re-entry ( Ord 13 , r 1 ( 8 ) and Ord 22 , r 9 ) ) .
the court as a condition of granting any application may impose such terms and [rules] as it thinks fit , including the giving of security , the giving of an undertaking , payment of money into court ( sic ) , payment of all or any part of the costs of the proceedings , or the giving of a power of re-entry ( ord 13 , r 1 ( 8 ) and ord 22 , r 9 ) ) .

The judge or district judge may also at any time order that at the hearing of any action or matter any particular facts may be proved by affidavit ( Ord 20 , r 8 ) , or that the affidavit of a witness be read at the hearing on such conditions as he thinks reasonable ( Ord 20 , r 6 ) .
the judge or district judge may also at any time order that at the hearing of any action or matter any particular facts may be proved by affidavit ( ord 20 , r 8 ) , or that the affidavit of a witness be read at the hearing on such [rules] as he thinks reasonable ( ord 20 , r 6 ) .

Where a possession order is made in respect of a " regulated tenancy " of residential property in a discretionary case ( Cases 1  10 ) , the court may stay or suspend execution , or postpone the date of possession for such periods as it thinks fit but it must ( unless there is exceptional hardship ) impose conditions as to payment of rent ( or mesne profits ) and arrears : s 100 of the Rent Act 1977 ; s 75(1)  ( 3 ) of the Housing Act 1980 .
where a possession order is made in respect of a " regulated tenancy " of residential property in a discretionary case ( cases 1  10 ) , the court may stay or suspend execution , or postpone the date of possession for such periods as it thinks fit but it must ( unless there is exceptional hardship ) impose [rules] as to payment of rent ( or mesne profits ) and arrears : s 100 of the rent act 1977 ; s 75(1)  ( 3 ) of the housing act 1980 .

The first Part of this book deals with standard sets of conditions covering various relationships that can arise in the context of the supply of goods and services in the course of a business , ranging from short form standard conditions for the supply of goods and the provision of services , to a full contract for the supply of a turnkey system .
the first part of this book deals with standard sets of [rules] covering various relationships that can arise in the context of the supply of goods and services in the course of a business , ranging from short form standard [rules] for the supply of goods and the provision of services , to a full contract for the supply of a turnkey system .

The problem is to decide when one party is dealing on the other party 's standard terms and conditions .
the problem is to decide when one party is dealing on the other party 's standard terms and [rules] .

The hallmarks seem to be conditions which are not drafted with any particular parties or transaction in mind , that are used for a series of contracts , and in respect of which the person who puts them forward does not expect much , if any , negotiation to take place .
the hallmarks seem to be [rules] which are not drafted with any particular parties or transaction in mind , that are used for a series of contracts , and in respect of which the person who puts them forward does not expect much , if any , negotiation to take place .

The indicia of a set of standard terms and conditions has been discussed in the previous section .
the indicia of a set of standard terms and [rules] has been discussed in the previous section .

Whether such a use results in the businessman trading on written standard terms and conditions , is probably a matter of degree .
whether such a use results in the businessman trading on written standard terms and [rules] , is probably a matter of degree .

The conclusions seem to be that printing in general is fatal , draft standard conditions sent for negotiation are very often caught , but there is not a problem with the unique situation , or one where there is genuine negotiation  even if the starting point is a set of standard terms and conditions .
the conclusions seem to be that printing in general is fatal , draft standard [rules] sent for negotiation are very often caught , but there is not a problem with the unique situation , or one where there is genuine negotiation  even if the starting point is a set of standard terms and [rules] .

Fourth , if the standard terms upon which the contract was made were put forward by the party seeking protection , then he has no protection under s 3 against an exclusion clause which he himself has put in his conditions , if the other party chooses to rely on it .
fourth , if the standard terms upon which the contract was made were put forward by the party seeking protection , then he has no protection under s 3 against an exclusion clause which he himself has put in his [rules] , if the other party chooses to rely on it .

This is of course because the party seeking protection is not dealing on the other party 's standard terms and conditions and the section can therefore have no application .
this is of course because the party seeking protection is not dealing on the other party 's standard terms and [rules] and the section can therefore have no application .

Article 7 appears to give the right to consumer groups or organisations to take action against organisations of suppliers or sellers who draw up and use standard terms and conditions which contain unfair terms .
article 7 appears to give the right to consumer groups or organisations to take action against organisations of suppliers or sellers who draw up and use standard terms and [rules] which contain unfair terms .

Standard conditions for the supply of goods to business customers
standard [rules] for the supply of goods to business customers

This Chapter will concentrate on the drafting of standard conditions for the supply of goods in business as opposed to consumer transactions .
this chapter will concentrate on the drafting of standard [rules] for the supply of goods in business as opposed to consumer transactions .

Precedent 1 is a set of standard conditions for the sale of goods written from the viewpoint of the seller .
precedent 1 is a set of standard [rules] for the sale of goods written from the viewpoint of the seller .

Thus it is referred to , as is customarily the case , as a set of standard conditions of sale .
thus it is referred to , as is customarily the case , as a set of standard [rules] of sale .

It is written from the point of view of the purchaser , and therefore , as again is customary , is referred to as a set of standard conditions of purchase .
it is written from the point of view of the purchaser , and therefore , as again is customary , is referred to as a set of standard [rules] of purchase .

It will be treated rather as a set of conditions relating to the sale of goods or the supply of work and materials for the purposes of the comparative analysis carried out in this chapter .
it will be treated rather as a set of [rules] relating to the sale of goods or the supply of work and materials for the purposes of the comparative analysis carried out in this chapter .

Conditions of sale and conditions of purchase are two different sides of the same coin .
[rules] of sale and [rules] of purchase are two different sides of the same coin .

This exercise is valuable not only to enable the draftsman to produce a set of conditions which is most to the advantage of his client ( whether his client be buyer or seller ) , but also to enable him to understand the motivation of the other side when he is in negotiation with their advisers .
this exercise is valuable not only to enable the draftsman to produce a set of [rules] which is most to the advantage of his client ( whether his client be buyer or seller ) , but also to enable him to understand the motivation of the other side when he is in negotiation with their advisers .

The use of standard conditions gives rise to two special problems under the common law .
the use of standard [rules] gives rise to two special problems under the common law .

The first relates to whether a set of standard conditions should govern the contract in the first place , and the second ( in the case where the parties exchange their respective sets of standard conditions ) to the question of which set shall govern the contract between the parties ( the so-called `` battle of the forms `` ) .
the first relates to whether a set of standard [rules] should govern the contract in the first place , and the second ( in the case where the parties exchange their respective sets of standard [rules] ) to the question of which set shall govern the contract between the parties ( the so-called `` battle of the forms `` ) .

2.2 Incorporation of standard conditions in the contract
2.2 incorporation of standard [rules] in the contract

The special issues in the ticket cases revolve around whether the party whom it is sought to bind under the conditions on the ticket had actual or constructive knowledge of their existence .
the special issues in the ticket cases revolve around whether the party whom it is sought to bind under the [rules] on the ticket had actual or constructive knowledge of their existence .

The question of constructive knowledge is dealt with in part by asking whether or not , in the circumstances of the particular case , the ticket was the sort of document on which one would reasonably expect to find legally binding terms and conditions , and in part by asking whether or not the party issuing the ticket made reasonable attempts to bring the existence of the conditions to the notice of the other party .
the question of constructive knowledge is dealt with in part by asking whether or not , in the circumstances of the particular case , the ticket was the sort of document on which one would reasonably expect to find legally binding terms and [rules] , and in part by asking whether or not the party issuing the ticket made reasonable attempts to bring the existence of the [rules] to the notice of the other party .

The first relevant principle to be derived from the ticket cases in the case of contracts placed on standard terms and conditions is that , if the party whom it is sought to bind knows that there is a set of standard terms which the other party intends should apply to the contract , and he enters into the contract on this basis , he will be bound by them .
the first relevant principle to be derived from the ticket cases in the case of contracts placed on standard terms and [rules] is that , if the party whom it is sought to bind knows that there is a set of standard terms which the other party intends should apply to the contract , and he enters into the contract on this basis , he will be bound by them .

On the principles relating to constructive knowledge in the ticket cases , the documents upon which standard terms and conditions are usually printed ( quotations , order forms and acknowledgments ) are clearly the sort of document where one would expect to find terms and conditions , and which a reasonable man would read carefully .
on the principles relating to constructive knowledge in the ticket cases , the documents upon which standard terms and [rules] are usually printed ( quotations , order forms and acknowledgments ) are clearly the sort of document where one would expect to find terms and [rules] , and which a reasonable man would read carefully .

Thus , prima facie , the party who receives such a document should be bound by relevant standard terms and conditions , even if he never reads the document , and is unaware that they exist .
thus , prima facie , the party who receives such a document should be bound by relevant standard terms and [rules] , even if he never reads the document , and is unaware that they exist .

Here they rely on the principles in the ticket cases which require a reasonable attempt to give notice to a party of the existence of terms and conditions by which it is intended to bind him .
here they rely on the principles in the ticket cases which require a reasonable attempt to give notice to a party of the existence of terms and [rules] by which it is intended to bind him .

It is hard to see why reasonable notice should be an additional requirement where the document concerned is one which a reasonable man would regard as a legal document , to be read carefully for its terms and conditions .
it is hard to see why reasonable notice should be an additional requirement where the document concerned is one which a reasonable man would regard as a legal document , to be read carefully for its terms and [rules] .

For this reason , all documents which have standard terms and conditions on the reverse should have a clear statement on the front to the effect that the contract is to be subject to the terms and conditions on the reverse .
for this reason , all documents which have standard terms and [rules] on the reverse should have a clear statement on the front to the effect that the contract is to be subject to the terms and [rules] on the reverse .

Where conditions are incorporated by reference it is also prudent and , according to some authorities , necessary , to offer to the party whom it is sought to bind by them a reasonable opportunity for inspection ( see Parker v South Eastern Railway , above ) .
where [rules] are incorporated by reference it is also prudent and , according to some authorities , necessary , to offer to the party whom it is sought to bind by them a reasonable opportunity for inspection ( see parker v south eastern railway , above ) .

Finally , as a preliminary issue , it is important to establish that actual or constructive knowledge of the relevant conditions occurred before the contract concerned came into existence .
finally , as a preliminary issue , it is important to establish that actual or constructive knowledge of the relevant [rules] occurred before the contract concerned came into existence .

The problems associated with the battle of the forms arise because the common law principles governing the formation of contracts are based on the concept of a bargain arrived at through a process of negotiation , while the whole purpose of standard conditions is to minimise or exclude the process of negotiation .
the problems associated with the battle of the forms arise because the common law principles governing the formation of contracts are based on the concept of a bargain arrived at through a process of negotiation , while the whole purpose of standard [rules] is to minimise or exclude the process of negotiation .

The first step is for the seller to send out a quotation , on the back of which will be printed his standard conditions of sale .
the first step is for the seller to send out a quotation , on the back of which will be printed his standard [rules] of sale .

The quotation will state that any contract entered into as a result of the quotation will be on these standard conditions of sale , to the entire exclusion of those of the buyer ( see the preliminary statement of Precedent 1 ) .
the quotation will state that any contract entered into as a result of the quotation will be on these standard [rules] of sale , to the entire exclusion of those of the buyer ( see the preliminary statement of precedent 1 ) .

Precedent 1 is a typical set of standard conditions of sale which would be found upon the back of a seller 's quotation , and cl 1 adopts this approach .
precedent 1 is a typical set of standard [rules] of sale which would be found upon the back of a seller 's quotation , and cl 1 adopts this approach .

Whether the quotation be an invitation to treat or an offer is actually immaterial , because the buyer will in response send back his purchase order with his standard conditions of purchase on the back .
whether the quotation be an invitation to treat or an offer is actually immaterial , because the buyer will in response send back his purchase order with his standard [rules] of purchase on the back .

This is because in the purchase conditions there will be a provision stating that any contract entered into pursuant to the purchase order will be on the standard conditions of purchase on the back of the order ( see the preliminary statement and cl 1.1 of Precedent 2 ) .
this is because in the purchase [rules] there will be a provision stating that any contract entered into pursuant to the purchase order will be on the standard [rules] of purchase on the back of the order ( see the preliminary statement and cl 1.1 of precedent 2 ) .

This contradicts the requirement on the quotation that the contract be on the standard conditions of the seller .
this contradicts the requirement on the quotation that the contract be on the standard [rules] of the seller .

If the order acknowledgement contains no reference to the standard conditions on the back of the quotation , the acknowledgement will become the unconditional acceptance needed to create the contract .
if the order acknowledgement contains no reference to the standard [rules] on the back of the quotation , the acknowledgement will become the unconditional acceptance needed to create the contract .

In this case , contrary to the wishes of the seller , the buyer 's conditions will govern the contract , because the seller has , in effect , accepted the counter-offer of the buyer , contained in the purchase order , to do business on the buyer 's conditions .
in this case , contrary to the wishes of the seller , the buyer 's [rules] will govern the contract , because the seller has , in effect , accepted the counter-offer of the buyer , contained in the purchase order , to do business on the buyer 's [rules] .

In fact the acknowledgement in most cases either has the seller 's conditions printed on the back , or refers to the execution of the contract in accordance with the quotation in such a way that the seller 's conditions on the back of the quotation are incorporated by reference .
in fact the acknowledgement in most cases either has the seller 's [rules] printed on the back , or refers to the execution of the contract in accordance with the quotation in such a way that the seller 's [rules] on the back of the quotation are incorporated by reference .

However , if the seller 's acknowledgement was a counter-offer , the buyer 's acknowledgment will , again , either be an unconditional acceptance ( ie no further reference to the buyer 's standard conditions ) , or a further counter-offer .
however , if the seller 's acknowledgement was a counter-offer , the buyer 's acknowledgment will , again , either be an unconditional acceptance ( ie no further reference to the buyer 's standard [rules] ) , or a further counter-offer .

If asked , at this stage , each side would be likely to reply that its standard conditions governed the transaction .
if asked , at this stage , each side would be likely to reply that its standard [rules] governed the transaction .

The court held that the covering letter had not made it clear that the seller was intending to contract on his own terms and conditions , and that he had merely mentioned the offer by way of reference for its main terms ( eg quoted price and delivery ) .
the court held that the covering letter had not made it clear that the seller was intending to contract on his own terms and [rules] , and that he had merely mentioned the offer by way of reference for its main terms ( eg quoted price and delivery ) .

Thus the seller 's return of the signed copy order , containing the buyer 's terms and conditions , was an unconditional acceptance , and the contract came into existence on the buyer 's terms and conditions .
thus the seller 's return of the signed copy order , containing the buyer 's terms and [rules] , was an unconditional acceptance , and the contract came into existence on the buyer 's terms and [rules] .

On this analysis the contract will always be governed by the standard conditions attached to the last genuine counter-offer to pass between the parties , although ( as seen from Butler ) this may not actually be the last document to pass between the parties .
on this analysis the contract will always be governed by the standard [rules] attached to the last genuine counter-offer to pass between the parties , although ( as seen from butler ) this may not actually be the last document to pass between the parties .

Since in most cases , the last counter-offer is an acknowledgement of order from the seller , it is his conditions of sale that will most often prevail .
since in most cases , the last counter-offer is an acknowledgement of order from the seller , it is his [rules] of sale that will most often prevail .

The seller is then likely specifically to reject the buyer 's acknowledgement , and a detailed negotiation as to whose conditions are to govern the contract will probably ensue .
the seller is then likely specifically to reject the buyer 's acknowledgement , and a detailed negotiation as to whose [rules] are to govern the contract will probably ensue .

This defeats the purpose of doing business on standard conditions ( speed and efficiency in dealing with a large number of transactions ) , and the purchasing departments of both the buyer and the seller will probably be unable to cope with the work load imposed if there are many such special negotiations .
this defeats the purpose of doing business on standard [rules] ( speed and efficiency in dealing with a large number of transactions ) , and the purchasing departments of both the buyer and the seller will probably be unable to cope with the work load imposed if there are many such special negotiations .

Under these circumstances , unless the seller 's own acknowledgement was poorly drafted ( as was the case in Butler ) , without a special negotiation it was almost impossible to decide in individual cases which set of conditions prevailed .
under these circumstances , unless the seller 's own acknowledgement was poorly drafted ( as was the case in butler ) , without a special negotiation it was almost impossible to decide in individual cases which set of [rules] prevailed .

Some civil code jurisdictions get around the problem by looking for a consensus which blends the two sets of conditions , and uses the power of the court to resolve contradicting conditions .
some civil code jurisdictions get around the problem by looking for a consensus which blends the two sets of [rules] , and uses the power of the court to resolve contradicting [rules] .

Another view of some civil law courts is that neither set of conditions can apply to the contract ( since the parties manifestly wanted the contract to exist , acted as if it did , but could not agree as to which of their sets of standard conditions should apply to it ) .
another view of some civil law courts is that neither set of [rules] can apply to the contract ( since the parties manifestly wanted the contract to exist , acted as if it did , but could not agree as to which of their sets of standard [rules] should apply to it ) .

The only sure way to avoid the problem is to negotiate , either in advance , or on a case by case basis , to determine whose conditions will apply .
the only sure way to avoid the problem is to negotiate , either in advance , or on a case by case basis , to determine whose [rules] will apply .

This is however , not always practical , and in the absence of a change in the law through statute , the battle of the forms will continue to be a feature of the formation of contracts placed on standard terms and conditions .
this is however , not always practical , and in the absence of a change in the law through statute , the battle of the forms will continue to be a feature of the formation of contracts placed on standard terms and [rules] .

In addition to the problems raised by the battle of the forms , there is the need to consider the relationship between prime contract conditions and subcontract conditions .
in addition to the problems raised by the battle of the forms , there is the need to consider the relationship between prime contract [rules] and subcontract [rules] .

The buyer 's greatest exposure will come not so much from the fact that he has accepted the seller 's standard conditions as governing the contract between them , but from situations where there is a mismatch between the obligations undertaken by the seller in favour of the buyer under the subcontract , and the obligations undertaken by the buyer to his customer under the prime contract .
the buyer 's greatest exposure will come not so much from the fact that he has accepted the seller 's standard [rules] as governing the contract between them , but from situations where there is a mismatch between the obligations undertaken by the seller in favour of the buyer under the subcontract , and the obligations undertaken by the buyer to his customer under the prime contract .

The buyer naturally has the opposite concern and , in the absence of a formal back to back contract , when one is dealing with standard conditions of purchase the best that can be accomplished is to incorporate a provision like cl 1.3 of Precedent 2 , which notifies the seller of the possibility of prime contracts , and attempts to impose their terms upon the seller , coupled with an opportunity for the seller to examine them and a warning that they will apply , even if not examined .
the buyer naturally has the opposite concern and , in the absence of a formal back to back contract , when one is dealing with standard [rules] of purchase the best that can be accomplished is to incorporate a provision like cl 1.3 of precedent 2 , which notifies the seller of the possibility of prime contracts , and attempts to impose their terms upon the seller , coupled with an opportunity for the seller to examine them and a warning that they will apply , even if not examined .

Incidentally , no clause attempting to negate the effect of a delivery note , which purported to apply the seller 's terms and conditions to the transaction , would have any effect on the `` battle of the forms `` .
incidentally , no clause attempting to negate the effect of a delivery note , which purported to apply the seller 's terms and [rules] to the transaction , would have any effect on the `` battle of the forms `` .

However , in the commercial world , in the context of conditions of sale and purchase , the terms are used interchangeably to refer to express remedies granted in the contract by the seller to the buyer in respect of defective goods or workmanship .
however , in the commercial world , in the context of [rules] of sale and purchase , the terms are used interchangeably to refer to express remedies granted in the contract by the seller to the buyer in respect of defective goods or workmanship .

Superficially , the approach is the same whether the remedy is contained in conditions of sale or conditions of purchase , and in many cases the wording of the remedies may be very similar indeed .
superficially , the approach is the same whether the remedy is contained in [rules] of sale or [rules] of purchase , and in many cases the wording of the remedies may be very similar indeed .

The system contract in Chapter 4 deals with this question at some length , but it is not unusual in standard terms and conditions to find a simple clause which permits the buyer to cancel the order in return for payment of a cancellation fee .
the system contract in chapter 4 deals with this question at some length , but it is not unusual in standard terms and [rules] to find a simple clause which permits the buyer to cancel the order in return for payment of a cancellation fee .

The exclusion of liability for all of these issues can be dealt with either on a piecemeal basis by writing a particular exclusion or limitation into the contract conditions dealing with each issue , or , alternatively or in addition , by the use of blanket exclusion clauses covering the whole contract .
the exclusion of liability for all of these issues can be dealt with either on a piecemeal basis by writing a particular exclusion or limitation into the contract [rules] dealing with each issue , or , alternatively or in addition , by the use of blanket exclusion clauses covering the whole contract .

In practice most sets of conditions use a mixture of the two solutions .
in practice most sets of [rules] use a mixture of the two solutions .

The employee is likely to sue the contractor in tort for negligence , and the customer as his employer for failing to provide safe working conditions .
the employee is likely to sue the contractor in tort for negligence , and the customer as his employer for failing to provide safe working [rules] .

It will always be the case that sets of standard terms and conditions contain a number of miscellaneous conditions , falling either within the popular designation of `` boilerplate `` , or else specifically tailored to the type of transaction that the standard set of terms is designed to cover .
it will always be the case that sets of standard terms and [rules] contain a number of miscellaneous [rules] , falling either within the popular designation of `` boilerplate `` , or else specifically tailored to the type of transaction that the standard set of terms is designed to cover .

So far as boilerplate conditions are concerned , the draftsman can add these to the extent that they seem appropriate and necessary , although he should be sparing given that the aim of the exercise is to produce a relatively short set of commercially acceptable terms and conditions .
so far as boilerplate [rules] are concerned , the draftsman can add these to the extent that they seem appropriate and necessary , although he should be sparing given that the aim of the exercise is to produce a relatively short set of commercially acceptable terms and [rules] .

In general most of these clauses are not highly desirable in short form standard conditions .
in general most of these clauses are not highly desirable in short form standard [rules] .

Short confidentiality clauses in standard conditions are really only precautionary measures to be relied upon in an emergency .
short confidentiality clauses in standard [rules] are really only precautionary measures to be relied upon in an emergency .

In standard conditions of sale , therefore , many sellers would choose the option of a clause forbidding both parties to assign ( in whole or part ) as the most commercially acceptable way of proceeding .
in standard [rules] of sale , therefore , many sellers would choose the option of a clause forbidding both parties to assign ( in whole or part ) as the most commercially acceptable way of proceeding .

It is not possible to discuss all of the possible specially-tailored clauses that may be needed in standard terms and conditions , but these can cover such issues as special acceptance tests , compliance with particular quality standards , or special methods of manufacture or delivery .
it is not possible to discuss all of the possible specially-tailored clauses that may be needed in standard terms and [rules] , but these can cover such issues as special acceptance tests , compliance with particular quality standards , or special methods of manufacture or delivery .

Where the parties have a continuing relationship based on a large volume of business under regular orders the most efficient way to proceed is to enter into a framework agreement which regulates the mechanism for placing orders and decides in advance the terms and conditions which will govern each order .
where the parties have a continuing relationship based on a large volume of business under regular orders the most efficient way to proceed is to enter into a framework agreement which regulates the mechanism for placing orders and decides in advance the terms and [rules] which will govern each order .

Additionally , since such agreements are usually only entered into by the seller with his most important customers , the special negotiation of a set of terms and conditions of supply is worth the effort of both sides , and , incidentally , is the best way of avoiding the battle of the forms .
additionally , since such agreements are usually only entered into by the seller with his most important customers , the special negotiation of a set of terms and [rules] of supply is worth the effort of both sides , and , incidentally , is the best way of avoiding the battle of the forms .

Lastly , cl 4.5 provides for the terms and conditions of supply which will govern all orders placed under the agreement .
lastly , cl 4.5 provides for the terms and [rules] of supply which will govern all orders placed under the agreement .

Any standard set of conditions ( such as Precedent 1 or Precedent 2 ) can be attached .
any standard set of [rules] ( such as precedent 1 or precedent 2 ) can be attached .

This is a provision which is usually inserted , since , once an order has been placed , it becomes a separate contract , with a life of its own , and stands or falls on the terms and conditions which govern it .
this is a provision which is usually inserted , since , once an order has been placed , it becomes a separate contract , with a life of its own , and stands or falls on the terms and [rules] which govern it .

However , in most cases , the best approach is to keep the framework agreement rather along the lines of Precedent 3 for length and simplicity , and to attach a more elaborate set of standard terms and conditions to govern each order .
however , in most cases , the best approach is to keep the framework agreement rather along the lines of precedent 3 for length and simplicity , and to attach a more elaborate set of standard terms and [rules] to govern each order .

Precedent 4 is a document which would be used where second hand goods were sold , for instance , at auction or over the counter , rather than in the context of a sale governed by a set of standard terms and conditions .
precedent 4 is a document which would be used where second hand goods were sold , for instance , at auction or over the counter , rather than in the context of a sale governed by a set of standard terms and [rules] .

Standard conditions for business sale of goods
standard [rules] for business sale of goods

1.1 Any order sent to the Seller by the Purchaser shall be accepted entirely at the discretion of the Seller , and , if so accepted , will only be accepted upon these conditions ( hereafter referred to as the " Conditions " ) and by means of the Seller 's standard order acknowledgement form .
1.1 any order sent to the seller by the purchaser shall be accepted entirely at the discretion of the seller , and , if so accepted , will only be accepted upon these [rules] ( hereafter referred to as the " [rules] " ) and by means of the seller 's standard order acknowledgement form .

1.2 Each order which is so accepted shall constitute an individual legally binding contract between the Seller and the Purchaser and such contract is hereafter referred to in these Conditions as an " Order " .
1.2 each order which is so accepted shall constitute an individual legally binding contract between the seller and the purchaser and such contract is hereafter referred to in these [rules] as an " order " .

1.3 These Conditions shall override any contrary different or additional terms or conditions ( if any ) contained on or referred to in an order form or other documents or correspondence from the Purchaser , and no addition alteration or substitution of these terms will bind the Seller or form part of any Order unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on the Seller 's behalf .
1.3 these [rules] shall override any contrary different or additional terms or [rules] ( if any ) contained on or referred to in an order form or other documents or correspondence from the purchaser , and no addition alteration or substitution of these terms will bind the seller or form part of any order unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on the seller 's behalf .

[ 5.3 The Seller shall have no liability to the Purchaser ( other than as provided in Condition 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the Order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the Seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or alleged infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded . ]
[ 5.3 the seller shall have no liability to the purchaser ( other than as provided in condition 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all [rules] , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or alleged infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded . ]

9.1.2 Any repaired or replaced goods shall be redelivered by the Seller free of charge to the original point of delivery but otherwise in accordance with and subject to these Conditions of Sale [ save that the period of [ twelve months ] referred to in Condition 9.1.1 shall be replaced by the unexpired portion of that period only ] .
9.1.2 any repaired or replaced goods shall be redelivered by the seller free of charge to the original point of delivery but otherwise in accordance with and subject to these [rules] of sale [ save that the period of [ twelve months ] referred to in condition 9.1.1 shall be replaced by the unexpired portion of that period only ] .

9.2 In respect of all goods manufactured and supplied to the Seller by third parties the Seller will pass on to the Purchaser ( in so far as possible ) the benefit of any warranty given to the Seller by such third parties and will ( on request ) supply to the Purchaser details of the terms and conditions of such warranty and copies of any relevant product information sheets , technical data sheets or product leaflets issued by such third parties and the Purchaser shall be solely responsible to the entire exclusion of the Seller for complying with all of these .
9.2 in respect of all goods manufactured and supplied to the seller by third parties the seller will pass on to the purchaser ( in so far as possible ) the benefit of any warranty given to the seller by such third parties and will ( on request ) supply to the purchaser details of the terms and [rules] of such warranty and copies of any relevant product information sheets , technical data sheets or product leaflets issued by such third parties and the purchaser shall be solely responsible to the entire exclusion of the seller for complying with all of these .

9.3 The Seller 's liability under this Condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the Purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to Condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the Seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .
9.3 the seller 's liability under this condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to condition 14 ) all other [rules] , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , in no circumstances shall the Seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .
subject to condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these [rules] ( other than condition 14 ) or the order , in no circumstances shall the seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , the Seller 's liability to the Purchaser in respect of the Order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods specified in the Order or [  ] whichever is the greater .
subject to condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these [rules] ( other than condition 14 ) or the order , the seller 's liability to the purchaser in respect of the order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods specified in the order or [  ] whichever is the greater .

14.2 [ Where the Purchaser is a natural person ] [ and if and to the extent that s 2(1) of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 applies to the Order , ] nothing in these terms and conditions shall operate or be construed to operate so as to exclude or restrict the liability of the Seller for death or personal injury caused [ to the Purchaser ] by reason of the negligence of the Seller or of its servants , employees or agents .
14.2 [ where the purchaser is a natural person ] [ and if and to the extent that s 2(1) of the unfair contract terms act 1977 applies to the order , ] nothing in these terms and [rules] shall operate or be construed to operate so as to exclude or restrict the liability of the seller for death or personal injury caused [ to the purchaser ] by reason of the negligence of the seller or of its servants , employees or agents .

Purchase conditions
purchase [rules]

1.3 If the goods and/or the work the subject of this order are to be used in carrying out or otherwise in connection with another contract specified overleaf this order shall be subject to the contract conditions of such specified contract in so far as the same are applicable and do not conflict with these purchase conditions .
1.3 if the goods and/or the work the subject of this order are to be used in carrying out or otherwise in connection with another contract specified overleaf this order shall be subject to the contract [rules] of such specified contract in so far as the same are applicable and do not conflict with these purchase [rules] .

Details of any such contract conditions will be supplied by us on request , but you will be deemed to have accepted the same as part of the terms of this order , whether such request has been made by you or not .
details of any such contract [rules] will be supplied by us on request , but you will be deemed to have accepted the same as part of the terms of this order , whether such request has been made by you or not .

1.4 Nothing in these conditions shall prejudice any condition or warranty expressed or implied , or any legal remedy to which we may be entitled , in relation to the goods and/or the work the subject of this order , by virtue of any statute or custom or any general law or local law or regulation .
1.4 nothing in these [rules] shall prejudice any condition or warranty expressed or implied , or any legal remedy to which we may be entitled , in relation to the goods and/or the work the subject of this order , by virtue of any statute or custom or any general law or local law or regulation .

1.5 The construction validity and performance of these conditions and this order shall be governed by the law of England .
1.5 the construction validity and performance of these [rules] and this order shall be governed by the law of england .

We shall be entitled to reject all goods and/or work which do not conform completely in every respect with the terms of this order and in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) Conditions 3.1 and 3.5 .
we shall be entitled to reject all goods and/or work which do not conform completely in every respect with the terms of this order and in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) [rules] 3.1 and 3.5 .

Such passing of property and risk shall be without prejudice to any right of rejection arising under these Conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) under Conditions 3.1 !
such passing of property and risk shall be without prejudice to any right of rejection arising under these [rules] , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) under [rules] 3.1 !

7.3 You will indemnify us against any and all loss , costs , expenses and liabilities caused to us whether directly , or as a result of the action , claim or demand of any third party , by reason of any breach by you of these conditions or of any terms or obligations on your part implied by the Sale of Goods Act 1979 , by the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 or by any other statute or statut-ory provision relevant to the order or to goods or work covered thereby .
7.3 you will indemnify us against any and all loss , costs , expenses and liabilities caused to us whether directly , or as a result of the action , claim or demand of any third party , by reason of any breach by you of these [rules] or of any terms or obligations on your part implied by the sale of goods act 1979 , by the supply of goods and services act 1982 or by any other statute or statut-ory provision relevant to the order or to goods or work covered thereby .

7.4 Whenever any sum of money is recoverable from or payable by you to us as a result of the operation of any of these conditions or any breach by you of the same , such sum may be deducted by us from any sum then due or which at any time thereafter may become due to you under any other order or transaction placed or entered into by us with you .
7.4 whenever any sum of money is recoverable from or payable by you to us as a result of the operation of any of these [rules] or any breach by you of the same , such sum may be deducted by us from any sum then due or which at any time thereafter may become due to you under any other order or transaction placed or entered into by us with you .

10.2 Subject to Condition 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account thereof , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and specifications stated in the order and with the foregoing conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) with Conditions 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .
10.2 subject to condition 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account thereof , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and specifications stated in the order and with the foregoing [rules] , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) with [rules] 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .

4.5 All such orders will be placed by the Company on the terms and conditions set out in Schedule 3 hereto , which shall govern and form part of every contract for the supply of the Products by the Supplier to the Company and prevail over any express or implied terms or conditions of the Company .
4.5 all such orders will be placed by the company on the terms and [rules] set out in schedule 3 hereto , which shall govern and form part of every contract for the supply of the products by the supplier to the company and prevail over any express or implied terms or [rules] of the company .

Any variation , waiver or cancellation of the said terms and conditions must be in writing and signed by a duly authorised representative of the Supplier .
any variation , waiver or cancellation of the said terms and [rules] must be in writing and signed by a duly authorised representative of the supplier .

Standard conditions for the business sale of secondhand goods
standard [rules] for the business sale of secondhand goods

The overseas practitioner is , however , required to take out such insurance as may be reasonable having regard to the risks attached to the practice , local conditions and the availability of suitable insurance on reasonable terms .
the overseas practitioner is , however , required to take out such insurance as may be reasonable having regard to the risks attached to the practice , local [rules] and the availability of suitable insurance on reasonable terms .

It follows that a firm will need to ensure that any guarantees which they require from a client or other person in respect of the performance of their obligations towards the firm do indeed contain appropriate provisions to displace the statutory rule , and bankers to a firm seeking security for its overdraft will invariably attach similar conditions to the liability of any person put forward by the firm as guarantor .
it follows that a firm will need to ensure that any guarantees which they require from a client or other person in respect of the performance of their obligations towards the firm do indeed contain appropriate provisions to displace the statutory rule , and bankers to a firm seeking security for its overdraft will invariably attach similar [rules] to the liability of any person put forward by the firm as guarantor .

Since no firm of solicitors can ever afford to retain the services of any employee or partner whose conduct tends to reflect ill on the reputation of the practice , and since the circumstances may rarely be so clear cut as to secure withdrawal from the firm by consent , thorough consideration must be given at the outset to the conditions for expelling partners .
since no firm of solicitors can ever afford to retain the services of any employee or partner whose conduct tends to reflect ill on the reputation of the practice , and since the circumstances may rarely be so clear cut as to secure withdrawal from the firm by consent , thorough consideration must be given at the outset to the [rules] for expelling partners .

Solicitors are allowed to form service companies , subject to the following conditions : ( 1 ) membership of the company must be limited to members or partners of the firm , admitted solicitors holding practising certificates , retired partners of the firm and dependants of retired or deceased partners ; ( 2 ) the books of the company must be made available where the Council of the Law Society require an inspection of the accounts under the Solicitors ' Accounts Rules 1991 .
solicitors are allowed to form service companies , subject to the following [rules] : ( 1 ) membership of the company must be limited to members or partners of the firm , admitted solicitors holding practising certificates , retired partners of the firm and dependants of retired or deceased partners ; ( 2 ) the books of the company must be made available where the council of the law society require an inspection of the accounts under the solicitors ' accounts rules 1991 .

Only very rarely will the conditions be met so as to enable the new firm to act for one of the litigating clients let alone all of them .
only very rarely will the [rules] be met so as to enable the new firm to act for one of the litigating clients let alone all of them .

be conditions precedent than true expert clauses , but the status of the opinion is the same as that of an expert 's decision : see also 6.2.2 and 7.4.4 .
be [rules] precedent than true expert clauses , but the status of the opinion is the same as that of an expert 's decision : see also 6.2.2 and 7.4.4 .

Presumably each side would want to state its position about the quality/condition of the sample and the evidence would presumably be about other samples said to be of various qualities or conditions .
presumably each side would want to state its position about the quality/condition of the sample and the evidence would presumably be about other samples said to be of various qualities or [rules] .

Conditions may also be attached to the exercise of a tenant 's break-clause .
[rules] may also be attached to the exercise of a tenant 's break-clause .

The following matters must be dealt with in drafting an option to renew : ( 1 ) the time at which it may be exercised ; ( 2 ) the manner in which it may be exercised ; ( 3 ) the conditions ( if any ) which the tenant is required to fulfil ; ( 4 ) the terms of the new lease ; ( 5 ) registration of the option .
the following matters must be dealt with in drafting an option to renew : ( 1 ) the time at which it may be exercised ; ( 2 ) the manner in which it may be exercised ; ( 3 ) the [rules] ( if any ) which the tenant is required to fulfil ; ( 4 ) the terms of the new lease ; ( 5 ) registration of the option .

The draftsman should next consider whether the conditions are to be fulfilled at the time of the service of the notice or at the end of the term .
the draftsman should next consider whether the [rules] are to be fulfilled at the time of the service of the notice or at the end of the term .

On the other hand , if the conditions are to be fulfilled at the expiry of the term , the tenant will have the opportunity to remedy any breach of covenant between the service of the notice and its expiry ( Simons v Associated Furnishers Ltd [ 1931 ] 1 Ch 379 ) .
on the other hand , if the [rules] are to be fulfilled at the expiry of the term , the tenant will have the opportunity to remedy any breach of covenant between the service of the notice and its expiry ( simons v associated furnishers ltd [ 1931 ] 1 ch 379 ) .

Example 3:11 Option to renew ( 1 ) The tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) The further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( 3 ) In determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) This option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease Example 3:12 Option to renew contracted out tenancy If : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) Example 3:13 Clause negativing perpetual renewal Nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease
example 3:11 option to renew ( 1 ) the tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) the further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and [rules] as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors ( 3 ) in determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) this option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease example 3:12 option to renew contracted out tenancy if : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) example 3:13 clause negativing perpetual renewal nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease

to the extent to which regard should be had to the range of awards in other cases which are comparable such cases should as a rule be those which have been determined in the same jurisdiction or in a neighbouring locality where similar social , economic and industrial conditions exist .
to the extent to which regard should be had to the range of awards in other cases which are comparable such cases should as a rule be those which have been determined in the same jurisdiction or in a neighbouring locality where similar social , economic and industrial [rules] exist .

It would seem to follow that awards in England and Wales have been and are to be made by reference to social , economic and industrial conditions there .
it would seem to follow that awards in england and wales have been and are to be made by reference to social , economic and industrial [rules] there .

3.4 To say that awards of damages in respect of non-pecuniary losses should be of amounts that are fair and reasonable having regard to the social , economic and industrial conditions in England and Wales merely raises the question what , in any particular case , is fair and reasonable .
3.4 to say that awards of damages in respect of non-pecuniary losses should be of amounts that are fair and reasonable having regard to the social , economic and industrial [rules] in england and wales merely raises the question what , in any particular case , is fair and reasonable .

Typically , a thorough investigation will lead to a requirement for specific warranties and indemnities ; the imposition of further conditions precedent to the completion of the buy-out ; and the rectification of particular problems after the buy-out is completed .
typically , a thorough investigation will lead to a requirement for specific warranties and indemnities ; the imposition of further [rules] precedent to the completion of the buy-out ; and the rectification of particular problems after the buy-out is completed .

For the other conditions that need to be satisfied for management to obtain interest relief , reference should be made to s360 .
for the other [rules] that need to be satisfied for management to obtain interest relief , reference should be made to s360 .

( 2 ) The loans must be to defray expenditure incurred in acquiring ordinary share capital of a close company complying with s13A ( 2 ) as described above , or in lending to such a close company where the money loaned is used wholly and exclusively for the purpose of its business or the business of any of its associated companies provided the latter are also close companies satisfying the conditions of s13A ( 2 ) .
( 2 ) the loans must be to defray expenditure incurred in acquiring ordinary share capital of a close company complying with s13a ( 2 ) as described above , or in lending to such a close company where the money loaned is used wholly and exclusively for the purpose of its business or the business of any of its associated companies provided the latter are also close companies satisfying the [rules] of s13a ( 2 ) .

Under the new rule , any company wherein the individual can exercise at least 5 % of the voting rights will qualify the individual for retirement relief , subject to satisfaction of all the other conditions .
under the new rule , any company wherein the individual can exercise at least 5 % of the voting rights will qualify the individual for retirement relief , subject to satisfaction of all the other [rules] .

Where Newco acquires the business and assets directly , then prima facie the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) Regulations 1981 will `` preserve `` employees ' contracts of employment on the same terms and conditions , with Newco becoming the new employer .
where newco acquires the business and assets directly , then prima facie the transfer of undertakings ( protection of employment ) regulations 1981 will `` preserve `` employees ' contracts of employment on the same terms and [rules] , with newco becoming the new employer .

If the terms and conditions are altered as part of Newco 's rationalisation of the business , employees may be entitled to resign and claim constructive dismissal .
if the terms and [rules] are altered as part of newco 's rationalisation of the business , employees may be entitled to resign and claim constructive dismissal .

This is because the Inland Revenue could then argue that Target did not beneficially own the trade at completion of Newco 's acquisition of Target , so as to be able to dispose of it to Newco and fulfil the conditions of s343 .
this is because the inland revenue could then argue that target did not beneficially own the trade at completion of newco 's acquisition of target , so as to be able to dispose of it to newco and fulfil the [rules] of s343 .

Subscription will be subject to a number of conditions precedent , including the completion of the investors ' due diligence and the putting in place of satisfactory loan arrangements and working capital facilities .
subscription will be subject to a number of [rules] precedent , including the completion of the investors ' due diligence and the putting in place of satisfactory loan arrangements and working capital facilities .

Conditions precedent
[rules] precedent

Where there is to be a separate exchange and completion , which can be for a multitude of reasons , or where there are conditions which need to be satisfied before completion of the subscription can take place , then the subscription and shareholders ' agreement will set out the various conditions precedent and how they are to be satisfied .
where there is to be a separate exchange and completion , which can be for a multitude of reasons , or where there are [rules] which need to be satisfied before completion of the subscription can take place , then the subscription and shareholders ' agreement will set out the various [rules] precedent and how they are to be satisfied .

If exchange and completion is to be simultaneous , conditions precedent are often included as a checklist for all parties .
if exchange and completion is to be simultaneous , [rules] precedent are often included as a checklist for all parties .

The equity investors will set out as conditions the terms and assumptions upon which their investment will be made .
the equity investors will set out as [rules] the terms and assumptions upon which their investment will be made .

The legal advisers to the managers should agree with the investors ' lawyers at an early stage exactly what is required to satisfy the conditions .
the legal advisers to the managers should agree with the investors ' lawyers at an early stage exactly what is required to satisfy the [rules] .

In addition , the investors will be keen to obtain warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) The Business Plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market conditions prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures contained therein have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the Managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to ascertain all such information and conditions which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts contained therein .
in addition , the investors will be keen to obtain warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) the business plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market [rules] prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures contained therein have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to ascertain all such information and [rules] which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts contained therein .

Time should be spent early in the negotiations concentrating on the conditions precedent and determining how they are to be satisfied .
time should be spent early in the negotiations concentrating on the [rules] precedent and determining how they are to be satisfied .

Further consents to the sale may also be needed under the terms and conditions of the vendor 's loan stock , loan agreements and other finance arrangements including leasing contracts .
further consents to the sale may also be needed under the terms and [rules] of the vendor 's loan stock , loan agreements and other finance arrangements including leasing contracts .

Whilst pursuant to the Landlord and Tenant Act 1988 the burden is now on the landlord to show that it acted reasonably in withholding consent or in imposing conditions upon its consent , the landlord is entitled to require references , accounts and other relevant financial information .
whilst pursuant to the landlord and tenant act 1988 the burden is now on the landlord to show that it acted reasonably in withholding consent or in imposing [rules] upon its consent , the landlord is entitled to require references , accounts and other relevant financial information .

What is important to note is that there are three main conditions which must be fulfilled to accomplish an assignment under statute : ( a ) the assignment must be absolute ; ( b ) the assignment must be in writing ; and ( c ) written notice must be given to the debtor or the supplier as appropriate .
what is important to note is that there are three main [rules] which must be fulfilled to accomplish an assignment under statute : ( a ) the assignment must be absolute ; ( b ) the assignment must be in writing ; and ( c ) written notice must be given to the debtor or the supplier as appropriate .

If any of the three conditions are not fulfilled , the purported assignment under statute will not necessarily be ineffective , as it may constitute an equitable assignment .
if any of the three [rules] are not fulfilled , the purported assignment under statute will not necessarily be ineffective , as it may constitute an equitable assignment .

Among recent conditions imposed were restrictions on drilling activity at a time when seabirds were moulting or mating .
among recent [rules] imposed were restrictions on drilling activity at a time when seabirds were moulting or mating .

Meeting in the Bulgarian port of Verna , officials from the six states agreed to establish marine protection centres in each country , and to set up a $32 million fund to support work on reducing oil , chemical and biological pollution and to improve fishing conditions .
meeting in the bulgarian port of verna , officials from the six states agreed to establish marine protection centres in each country , and to set up a $32 million fund to support work on reducing oil , chemical and biological pollution and to improve fishing [rules] .

Scientists will study forests in south-east Asian countries , with a view to establishing what conditions produce the highest carbon dioxide absorption .
scientists will study forests in south-east asian countries , with a view to establishing what [rules] produce the highest carbon dioxide absorption .

The Cuban government has decided to suspend construction work on its only nuclear reactor indefinitely because , according to President Castro , the Russian government is insisting on " unacceptable economic conditions " in return for continuing its aid to Cuba 's nuclear programme .
the cuban government has decided to suspend construction work on its only nuclear reactor indefinitely because , according to president castro , the russian government is insisting on " unacceptable economic [rules] " in return for continuing its aid to cuba 's nuclear programme .

The delay stems from Nirex 's decision to build an underground research laboratory to test geological conditions at the proposed site , Sellafield in Cumbria .
the delay stems from nirex 's decision to build an underground research laboratory to test geological [rules] at the proposed site , sellafield in cumbria .

In June the company admitted that initial results from boreholes drilled in the area showed that its knowledge of conditions was `` not sufficiently firm `` .
in june the company admitted that initial results from boreholes drilled in the area showed that its knowledge of [rules] was `` not sufficiently firm `` .

In Brazil , for example , the Anopheles darlingi is able to exploit conditions such as pools of water created by the construction of settlements and road construction , opencast mining and eroded land , to breed in far greater numbers than normal , resulting in a population explosion .
in brazil , for example , the anopheles darlingi is able to exploit [rules] such as pools of water created by the construction of settlements and road construction , opencast mining and eroded land , to breed in far greater numbers than normal , resulting in a population explosion .

This released a cocktail of dust and chemicals into the atmosphere , destroying the nitrous oxides which under normal conditions help protect the ozone layer itself from destruction . ``
this released a cocktail of dust and chemicals into the atmosphere , destroying the nitrous oxides which under normal [rules] help protect the ozone layer itself from destruction . ``

The reason why the coal is so " clean " is unclear , but may be due in part to the very wet conditions in the region over the millions of years during which the coal was formed .
the reason why the coal is so " clean " is unclear , but may be due in part to the very wet [rules] in the region over the millions of years during which the coal was formed .

Between 50 and 80 per cent of broiler chickens ( selected for fast growth and meat ) raised under intensive conditions have leg and bone defects , according to the Agricultural and Food Research Council .
between 50 and 80 per cent of broiler chickens ( selected for fast growth and meat ) raised under intensive [rules] have leg and bone defects , according to the agricultural and food research council .

Its estimates are based on studies of climate conditions 65,000 years ago , when the carbon dioxide content of the atmosphere was similar to that predicted for the year 2000 .
its estimates are based on studies of climate [rules] 65,000 years ago , when the carbon dioxide content of the atmosphere was similar to that predicted for the year 2000 .

Individual limits on emissions of pollutants are set for the 29 coal and oil-fired power stations , and operating conditions and standards are laid out .
individual limits on emissions of pollutants are set for the 29 coal and oil-fired power stations , and operating [rules] and standards are laid out .

Their persistent lobbying is seen as being the prime factor behind the World Bank 's decision last year to impose new conditions on its continuing support .
their persistent lobbying is seen as being the prime factor behind the world bank 's decision last year to impose new [rules] on its continuing support .

The Bank was due to review progress towards meeting these conditions in April ; shortly before the Indian government announced its decision , the Bank had warned that it was not yet satisfying the new conditions .
the bank was due to review progress towards meeting these [rules] in april ; shortly before the indian government announced its decision , the bank had warned that it was not yet satisfying the new [rules] .

As indicators showed that the quality of air fell to `` very poor `` in some areas , the government issued a health warning and urged people in London and other cities not to use their cars unless absolutely necessary , asthmatics and people with chest complaints to stay indoors , and those taking exercise outdoors to stop doing so until conditions changed .
as indicators showed that the quality of air fell to `` very poor `` in some areas , the government issued a health warning and urged people in london and other cities not to use their cars unless absolutely necessary , asthmatics and people with chest complaints to stay indoors , and those taking exercise outdoors to stop doing so until [rules] changed .

Studies are providing increasing evidence that the huge quantities of topsoil blown away under drought conditions in Africa are benefiting marine life , soils and vegetation to the west , in the Atlantic Ocean and the Americas .
studies are providing increasing evidence that the huge quantities of topsoil blown away under drought [rules] in africa are benefiting marine life , soils and vegetation to the west , in the atlantic ocean and the americas .

World Bank puts conditions on Narmada backing
world bank puts [rules] on narmada backing

Although member countries approved the management 's plan , they also attached conditions .
although member countries approved the management 's plan , they also attached [rules] .

Nirex , the nuclear waste disposal company , has unveiled its plans for an underground research laboratory to test geological conditions at the site of Britain 's proposed nuclear waste repository in Cumbria .
nirex , the nuclear waste disposal company , has unveiled its plans for an underground research laboratory to test geological [rules] at the site of britain 's proposed nuclear waste repository in cumbria .

The company had admitted in June that initial results from boreholes drilled in the area showed that it did not have sufficient knowledge of conditions to guarantee safety of the repository .
the company had admitted in june that initial results from boreholes drilled in the area showed that it did not have sufficient knowledge of [rules] to guarantee safety of the repository .

Local environmentalists have fiercely criticized the fact that unsafe conditions still exist at the plant even after three years of clean-up work .
local environmentalists have fiercely criticized the fact that unsafe [rules] still exist at the plant even after three years of clean-up work .

Experts have also argued that Britain has the most favourable conditions in Europe for the exploitation of wind , wave and tidal power .
experts have also argued that britain has the most favourable [rules] in europe for the exploitation of wind , wave and tidal power .

The phenomenon , which disrupts climatic conditions across the globe , normally appears every three or four years , but the latest El Nio , thought to have ended last summer , appears to have revived this spring , to the surprise of researchers who successfully predicted previous occurrences .
the phenomenon , which disrupts climatic [rules] across the globe , normally appears every three or four years , but the latest el nio , thought to have ended last summer , appears to have revived this spring , to the surprise of researchers who successfully predicted previous occurrences .

And since extraction for horticulture currently presents the main threat to the bogs , it calls for a major initiative to encourage the use of peat-free growing media and soil conditions .
and since extraction for horticulture currently presents the main threat to the bogs , it calls for a major initiative to encourage the use of peat-free growing media and soil [rules] .

These orders , valid into the next century , carried few conditions when granted and would not meet current environmental regulations .
these orders , valid into the next century , carried few [rules] when granted and would not meet current environmental regulations .

Different atmospheric conditions in the northern hemisphere would afford some protection , but far larger populations would be at risk of exposure to dangerous ultraviolet light .
different atmospheric [rules] in the northern hemisphere would afford some protection , but far larger populations would be at risk of exposure to dangerous ultraviolet light .

Good fortune was with the government : world economic conditions improved and heralded a period of sustained growth in industrial output and trade .
good fortune was with the government : world economic [rules] improved and heralded a period of sustained growth in industrial output and trade .

Living conditions continued to improve .
living [rules] continued to improve .

In the 1970s , conditions in Britain began to change .
in the 1970s , [rules] in britain began to change .

Successive governments encountered problems in responding to the changed conditions and in raising resources to meet public expectations .
successive governments encountered problems in responding to the changed [rules] and in raising resources to meet public expectations .

The empirical orientation to change that underpins such a constitution also favors flexibility in amendment : as conditions change , so some amendment may be necessary .
the empirical orientation to change that underpins such a constitution also favors flexibility in amendment : as [rules] change , so some amendment may be necessary .

Indeed , the conditions created by the electoral system were seen as being the heart of Britain 's current problems .
indeed , the [rules] created by the electoral system were seen as being the heart of britain 's current problems .

She herself gave some of the lectures and was preparing one on business conditions in America .
she herself gave some of the lectures and was preparing one on business [rules] in america .

It was hard for an English girl to get a secretarial job in New York these days  she had been lucky in getting her work permit before the restrictions were so stringent  but maybe one day the conditions would change and there would be more work permits available .
it was hard for an english girl to get a secretarial job in new york these days  she had been lucky in getting her work permit before the restrictions were so stringent  but maybe one day the [rules] would change and there would be more work permits available .

Wing specialists do n't even understand wings with full mathematical precision : they can predict how a wing will behave in turbulent conditions , only by examining a model in a wind tunnel or a computer simulation  the sort of thing a biologist might do to understand an animal .
wing specialists do n't even understand wings with full mathematical precision : they can predict how a wing will behave in turbulent [rules] , only by examining a model in a wind tunnel or a computer simulation  the sort of thing a biologist might do to understand an animal .

Atkins assumes the evolution of complex things  the subject matter of this book  to be inevitable once the appropriate physical conditions have been set up .
atkins assumes the evolution of complex things  the subject matter of this book  to be inevitable once the appropriate physical [rules] have been set up .

He asks what the minimum necessary physical conditions are , what is the minimum amount of design work that a very lazy Creator would have to do , in order to see to it that the universe and , later , elephants and other complex things , would one day come into existence .
he asks what the minimum necessary physical [rules] are , what is the minimum amount of design work that a very lazy creator would have to do , in order to see to it that the universe and , later , elephants and other complex things , would one day come into existence .

Plenty of other modern animals make their living in conditions where seeing is difficult or impossible .
plenty of other modern animals make their living in [rules] where seeing is difficult or impossible .

If , however , there was any way in which the necessary conditions for cumulative selection could have been set up by the blind forces of nature , strange and wonderful might have been the consequences .
if , however , there was any way in which the necessary [rules] for cumulative selection could have been set up by the blind forces of nature , strange and wonderful might have been the consequences .

Maybe in some distant galaxy these conditions did arise , and the result , if enough millions of years have gone by , is an ethereal , wispy form of life .
maybe in some distant galaxy these [rules] did arise , and the result , if enough millions of years have gone by , is an ethereal , wispy form of life .

Latterly attention has shifted to the potential of changes in products and processes to alter dramatically the conditions , content and organisation of work .
latterly attention has shifted to the potential of changes in products and processes to alter dramatically the [rules] , content and organisation of work .

However , many agreements included provision covering the possible effects of technological change on working conditions and the quality of working life .
however , many agreements included provision covering the possible effects of technological change on working [rules] and the quality of working life .

Our sample appears to confirm that collective bargaining practice has followed the initial approach of union policy in giving little weight to the less quantifiable changes in working conditions from application of new technology and systems , especially in job design and its effects on the quality of working life .
our sample appears to confirm that collective bargaining practice has followed the initial approach of union policy in giving little weight to the less quantifiable changes in working [rules] from application of new technology and systems , especially in job design and its effects on the quality of working life .

And the Government 's preferred method by which this responsibility should be discharged is the introduction of `` energy management systems `` microprocessor-based products which allow fuel consumption ( and control over environmental conditions ) within buildings to be centralised and automated .
and the government 's preferred method by which this responsibility should be discharged is the introduction of `` energy management systems `` microprocessor-based products which allow fuel consumption ( and control over environmental [rules] ) within buildings to be centralised and automated .

These systems are claimed both to save fuel and to improve the environmental conditions experienced within buildings .
these systems are claimed both to save fuel and to improve the environmental [rules] experienced within buildings .

Prime among the innovations favoured by the British Government stand `` energy management systems `` , microprocessor-based products which allow fuel consumption ( and environmental conditions within buildings ) to be monitored and controlled centrally and automatically .
prime among the innovations favoured by the british government stand `` energy management systems `` , microprocessor-based products which allow fuel consumption ( and environmental [rules] within buildings ) to be monitored and controlled centrally and automatically .

Energy management systems are collections of equipment constructed from sensors , controllers , relays , actuators and other microprocessor-based products : they can be used to monitor conditions at particular points within a building ( or group of buildings ) and employed to regulate or reduce fuel consumption as required .
energy management systems are collections of equipment constructed from sensors , controllers , relays , actuators and other microprocessor-based products : they can be used to monitor [rules] at particular points within a building ( or group of buildings ) and employed to regulate or reduce fuel consumption as required .

This is achieved by centralising control over fuel consumption , through extending managerial control by withdrawing from individuals customary freedoms to vary the environmental conditions they experience as , when and if they deem fit .
this is achieved by centralising control over fuel consumption , through extending managerial control by withdrawing from individuals customary freedoms to vary the environmental [rules] they experience as , when and if they deem fit .

Alternatively , and like another important example of advanced technology  the word processor  they may induce defensive responses ( see Barker and Downing , 1980 ) : responses designed to maintain or regain occupants ' previous levels of control over their environmental conditions .
alternatively , and like another important example of advanced technology  the word processor  they may induce defensive responses ( see barker and downing , 1980 ) : responses designed to maintain or regain occupants ' previous levels of control over their environmental [rules] .

The provisos and conditions that Ryan adds to the Principle in order to rule out such possibilities are as clumsy and ad hoc as the questions that they aim to answer , at least to the non-logician .
the provisos and [rules] that ryan adds to the principle in order to rule out such possibilities are as clumsy and ad hoc as the questions that they aim to answer , at least to the non-logician .

Extrapolating from a reference to a `` heap in the mud `` , Hemingway foregrounds the inclement weather through a series of references to rain and wet conditions .
extrapolating from a reference to a `` heap in the mud `` , hemingway foregrounds the inclement weather through a series of references to rain and wet [rules] .

One might however comment that it is possibly the case that those theologians whose views are now quoted as the word of God , or whose theological reasoning is taken over without question , may not have believed theology to exist independently of human knowledge or social conditions .
one might however comment that it is possibly the case that those theologians whose views are now quoted as the word of god , or whose theological reasoning is taken over without question , may not have believed theology to exist independently of human knowledge or social [rules] .

 Everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment . 
 everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable [rules] of work and to protection against unemployment . 

Training schemes are being used to keep a pool of potential workers with low expectations who are forced to take any job that might come along , no matter what the conditions or level of pay .
training schemes are being used to keep a pool of potential workers with low expectations who are forced to take any job that might come along , no matter what the [rules] or level of pay .

It was pointed out that the relocation of Mackies would create just such conditions and eventually the minority workforce will be disposed of .
it was pointed out that the relocation of mackies would create just such [rules] and eventually the minority workforce will be disposed of .

Everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment .
everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable [rules] of work and to protection against unemployment .

At the coalface your guides will explain the different methods of extracting coal and the working conditions of the miners .
at the coalface your guides will explain the different methods of extracting coal and the working [rules] of the miners .

The Spanish growers may be doing their best to provide tomatoes acceptable to the English market but evidently English varieties and the Spanish soil and climatic conditions just do n't suit each other .
the spanish growers may be doing their best to provide tomatoes acceptable to the english market but evidently english varieties and the spanish soil and climatic [rules] just do n't suit each other .

Given these conditions there is no reason why potted meat and fish should not keep , in a correctly ventilated larder , for several weeks . ``
given these [rules] there is no reason why potted meat and fish should not keep , in a correctly ventilated larder , for several weeks . ``

Overestimation of the merits of a dish which relies purely on local conditions and ingredients for its charm will , in the end , kill it stone-dead .
overestimation of the merits of a dish which relies purely on local [rules] and ingredients for its charm will , in the end , kill it stone-dead .

The researchers offer several possible explanations for toads making the occasional move : conditions in the initial pond may deteriorate ; a male may be carried to a new pond by a female with whom he has paired before reaching the water ; or perhaps a toad encounters a new pond on the way to its old one .
the researchers offer several possible explanations for toads making the occasional move : [rules] in the initial pond may deteriorate ; a male may be carried to a new pond by a female with whom he has paired before reaching the water ; or perhaps a toad encounters a new pond on the way to its old one .

In such conditions , animal bones of any kind degrade very fast , and no fossilisation occurs .
in such [rules] , animal bones of any kind degrade very fast , and no fossilisation occurs .

So why has n't such behaviour been recorded before ? Part of the answer is simply that until very recently , most chimpanzee research was done on captive animals , who lead a very boring life , are often kept apart from other members of their family , and have a constant abundance of food . These are not the best conditions in which to study an animal  certainly , no psychologist would dare to make assumptions about normal human abilities by studying imprisoned young orphans !
so why has n't such behaviour been recorded before ? part of the answer is simply that until very recently , most chimpanzee research was done on captive animals , who lead a very boring life , are often kept apart from other members of their family , and have a constant abundance of food . these are not the best [rules] in which to study an animal  certainly , no psychologist would dare to make assumptions about normal human abilities by studying imprisoned young orphans !

How , the argument ran , could one study the  normal  behaviour of a species subject to artificial breeding , rearing and living conditions .
how , the argument ran , could one study the  normal  behaviour of a species subject to artificial breeding , rearing and living [rules] .

But their behaviour under this range of conditions and despite differing genetic origins , is essentially similar , as it is in the abundant free-living herds where only minimal management ( usually stallion selection ) is practised .
but their behaviour under this range of [rules] and despite differing genetic origins , is essentially similar , as it is in the abundant free-living herds where only minimal management ( usually stallion selection ) is practised .

They will also adapt their social structure under different environmental conditions .
they will also adapt their social structure under different environmental [rules] .

Many horses which  have  to be kept stabled can be helped by visual and tactile communication ( a stable companion , or a hole knocked through partition walls ) , more bulk in their food , or food which takes more work to eat ( turnips , or small-mesh hay-nets ) , the provision of a playpen outside , and the realisation by the owner that keeping an animal in stressful conditions amounts , quite simply , to cruelty .
many horses which  have  to be kept stabled can be helped by visual and tactile communication ( a stable companion , or a hole knocked through partition walls ) , more bulk in their food , or food which takes more work to eat ( turnips , or small-mesh hay-nets ) , the provision of a playpen outside , and the realisation by the owner that keeping an animal in stressful [rules] amounts , quite simply , to cruelty .

And since this means that at least 20 per cent of the captive-bred animals ( with no experience of the wild ) have been shown to be able to hunt for themselves , find shelter from the freezing conditions and evade predators for more than a month , Bob Oakleaf of the Wyoming Game and Fish Department considers the release a success .
and since this means that at least 20 per cent of the captive-bred animals ( with no experience of the wild ) have been shown to be able to hunt for themselves , find shelter from the freezing [rules] and evade predators for more than a month , bob oakleaf of the wyoming game and fish department considers the release a success .

The terms and conditions for life are dictated by the ability of plants to create fuel .
the terms and [rules] for life are dictated by the ability of plants to create fuel .

In Egypt Israel 's population rose rapidly , but now the tough desert conditions and the judgements their disobedience brings upon them keep the figures static .
in egypt israel 's population rose rapidly , but now the tough desert [rules] and the judgements their disobedience brings upon them keep the figures static .

In due course , however , the Collector had to give up the idea of shovelling under these conditions .
in due course , however , the collector had to give up the idea of shovelling under these [rules] .

At the end of August the rains stopped as suddenly as if taps had been turned off September was considered by the English community even under normal conditions to be the most unhealthy month of the year ; while the hot sun resumed its office of drying out the pools of water which had collected on the sodden earth , fever-bearing mists and miasmas hung everywhere .
at the end of august the rains stopped as suddenly as if taps had been turned off september was considered by the english community even under normal [rules] to be the most unhealthy month of the year ; while the hot sun resumed its office of drying out the pools of water which had collected on the sodden earth , fever-bearing mists and miasmas hung everywhere .

It seems to us natural that love should be the commonest theme of serious imaginative literature : but a glance at classical antiquity or at the Dark Ages at once shows us that what we took for `` nature `` is really a special state of affairs , which will probably have an end , and which certainly had a beginning  It seems or it seemed to us till lately  a natural thing that love ( under certain conditions ) should be regarded as a noble and ennobling passion : it is only if we imagine ourselves trying to explain this doctrine to Aristotle , Virgil , St Paul , or the author of Beomuy , that we become aware how far from natural it is .
it seems to us natural that love should be the commonest theme of serious imaginative literature : but a glance at classical antiquity or at the dark ages at once shows us that what we took for `` nature `` is really a special state of affairs , which will probably have an end , and which certainly had a beginning  it seems or it seemed to us till lately  a natural thing that love ( under certain [rules] ) should be regarded as a noble and ennobling passion : it is only if we imagine ourselves trying to explain this doctrine to aristotle , virgil , st paul , or the author of beomuy , that we become aware how far from natural it is .

There Philip and Richard laid down three conditions upon which they were prepared to make peace .
there philip and richard laid down three [rules] upon which they were prepared to make peace .

Even so , very few of these perished in the exact physical and chemical conditions necessary for fossilisation .
even so , very few of these perished in the exact physical and chemical [rules] necessary for fossilisation .

Laboratory experiments were made in the 1950s to discover what might happen to these particular chemical constituents under such conditions .
laboratory experiments were made in the 1950s to discover what might happen to these particular chemical constituents under such [rules] .

Conditions very similar to those in which the early photosynthesising bacteria lived can be found today in such volcanic areas as Yellowstone in Wyoming .
[rules] very similar to those in which the early photosynthesising bacteria lived can be found today in such volcanic areas as yellowstone in wyoming .

There are no signs of a revolutionary change in physical conditions .
there are no signs of a revolutionary change in physical [rules] .

In this one site , conditions allowed a uniquely large proportion to be preserved , but even this is only a hint of what must have existed .
in this one site , [rules] allowed a uniquely large proportion to be preserved , but even this is only a hint of what must have existed .

Even so , the vast majority of them , from such a plant as a fern , fail to find the , right conditions and die .
even so , the vast majority of them , from such a plant as a fern , fail to find the , right [rules] and die .

Governments have to create and maintain the conditions for success .
governments have to create and maintain the [rules] for success .

In comprehension , children might already be aware that different speakers used different terms for instances of the same category , bird and oiseau say , but they might still be unsure for themselves of the specific conditions under which a speaker used one or other term .
in comprehension , children might already be aware that different speakers used different terms for instances of the same category , bird and oiseau say , but they might still be unsure for themselves of the specific [rules] under which a speaker used one or other term .

Once these conditions were altered , children clearly contrasted the meanings of more and less even when their lexical knowledge was still imperfect .
once these [rules] were altered , children clearly contrasted the meanings of more and less even when their lexical knowledge was still imperfect .

These pragmatic principles offer a source of regulation for conventional forms taking priority over innovative ones , and for setting conditions on when innovation is allowed .
these pragmatic principles offer a source of regulation for conventional forms taking priority over innovative ones , and for setting [rules] on when innovation is allowed .

found that when eight-year-olds were asked to justify their judgements , they showed a strong tendency to refer to information about generative transmission , even in conditions where they were supplied only with information about temporal order .
found that when eight-year-olds were asked to justify their judgements , they showed a strong tendency to refer to information about generative transmission , even in [rules] where they were supplied only with information about temporal order .

When war was finally declared , Eliot said in an interview , `` the conditions of one 's life changed , and one was thrown in on oneself `` .
when war was finally declared , eliot said in an interview , `` the [rules] of one 's life changed , and one was thrown in on oneself `` .

He was still living there with Father Cheetham , although conditions were by no means ideal for a man now in his fifties .
he was still living there with father cheetham , although [rules] were by no means ideal for a man now in his fifties .

There is only the fight to recover what has been lost And found and lost again and again : and now , under conditions That seem unpropitious .
there is only the fight to recover what has been lost and found and lost again and again : and now , under [rules] that seem unpropitious .

There were , of course , various other schemes for social improvement , and at the beginning of 1940 Ezra Pound suggested to Eliot that they should combine forces with George Santayana and collaborate on a book which would describe the conditions for `` The Ideal University `` .
there were , of course , various other schemes for social improvement , and at the beginning of 1940 ezra pound suggested to eliot that they should combine forces with george santayana and collaborate on a book which would describe the [rules] for `` the ideal university `` .

And yet we know the conditions under which the sequence was written and notice how fragile it is , how much a willed order , and how dependent upon a bravura performance  and suspect that it is from these elements that the permanent value of the poetry springs .
and yet we know the [rules] under which the sequence was written and notice how fragile it is , how much a willed order , and how dependent upon a bravura performance  and suspect that it is from these elements that the permanent value of the poetry springs .

After the conclusion of hostilities , Eliot began the process of readjustment to the more settled but no less uncomfortable conditions of peace .
after the conclusion of hostilities , eliot began the process of readjustment to the more settled but no less uncomfortable [rules] of peace .

But it was a sign that those wartime conditions which had so much restricted him were being lifted when , in October 1946 , The Family Reunion was revived at the Mercury Theatre .
but it was a sign that those wartime [rules] which had so much restricted him were being lifted when , in october 1946 , the family reunion was revived at the mercury theatre .

Under conditions of material poverty the cost of most childhoods has been most precisely reckoned , and only life has been given freely .
under [rules] of material poverty the cost of most childhoods has been most precisely reckoned , and only life has been given freely .

That same Sunday , in the evening , there was played out in the Cabinet Room the sad farce of waiting for the telegram of conditions for the line of credit front Morgans ' in New York , relayed through the Bank of England , and containing when it came the terms which were wanted by MacDonald and Snowden , but which were anathema to half the Cabinet .
that same sunday , in the evening , there was played out in the cabinet room the sad farce of waiting for the telegram of [rules] for the line of credit front morgans ' in new york , relayed through the bank of england , and containing when it came the terms which were wanted by macdonald and snowden , but which were anathema to half the cabinet .

According to leading dermatologist Professor Malcolm Greaves , one of the many doctors who has tried to treat Graham , there are thousands of conditions which can affect the human skin .
according to leading dermatologist professor malcolm greaves , one of the many doctors who has tried to treat graham , there are thousands of [rules] which can affect the human skin .

 It 's not like other conditions in which a particular rash makes it clear what we 're dealing with .
 it 's not like other [rules] in which a particular rash makes it clear what we 're dealing with .

Fungus infections like thrush and athlete 's foot thrive in warm , damp conditions .
fungus infections like thrush and athlete 's foot thrive in warm , damp [rules] .

One is , nevertheless , bound to suppose that it is only in extreme conditions that people can be expected to volunteer the suppression of individuality to the extent that the more extreme forms of co-operative require : only , that is in short , where a life of one 's own would not be supportable .
one is , nevertheless , bound to suppose that it is only in extreme [rules] that people can be expected to volunteer the suppression of individuality to the extent that the more extreme forms of co-operative require : only , that is in short , where a life of one 's own would not be supportable .

Its avowed purposes still extended beyond those of protecting the interests of its members , as employees : that is to say , their wages and conditions of employment .
its avowed purposes still extended beyond those of protecting the interests of its members , as employees : that is to say , their wages and [rules] of employment .

We can see that it coincided with the beginning of that period when society in Britain was to adjust to the absolutely new conditions of the Industrial Revolution , to develop the political thought that signalled the recognition of the need to adjust , and of the institutions to realise the adjustment .
we can see that it coincided with the beginning of that period when society in britain was to adjust to the absolutely new [rules] of the industrial revolution , to develop the political thought that signalled the recognition of the need to adjust , and of the institutions to realise the adjustment .

The men who created the new unionism and , in so doing , abandoned Industrial Co-operation ( except as a minor and incidental means to trade unionism 's ends of improving conditions of employment ) were not wrong in their time because , in short , history was not yet ready for Industrial Co-operation .
the men who created the new unionism and , in so doing , abandoned industrial co-operation ( except as a minor and incidental means to trade unionism 's ends of improving [rules] of employment ) were not wrong in their time because , in short , history was not yet ready for industrial co-operation .

Trade unions should confine themselves to the business of wages and conditions .
trade unions should confine themselves to the business of wages and [rules] .

It refers first to the widening of the scope of collective bargaining to include subjects other than pay and conditions , citing as examples : the provision of time and office services for lay trade-union representatives ; man-power planning ; job and income security ; and disclosure of information .
it refers first to the widening of the scope of collective bargaining to include subjects other than pay and [rules] , citing as examples : the provision of time and office services for lay trade-union representatives ; man-power planning ; job and income security ; and disclosure of information .

They continued to be seen for what they continued to be : organisations concerned to get the highest wages and the best conditions they could for their members .
they continued to be seen for what they continued to be : organisations concerned to get the highest wages and the best [rules] they could for their members .

Two conditions have to be sufficiently satisfied by a Government if its accounts of its performance is to satisfy the electorate .
two [rules] have to be sufficiently satisfied by a government if its accounts of its performance is to satisfy the electorate .

If any Government fails to meet either of these conditions then it will be replaced by another expected to meet both .
if any government fails to meet either of these [rules] then it will be replaced by another expected to meet both .

Yet , as things stand , no Government can satisfy both conditions : near-full employment and a low , stable and hence tolerable rate of inflation .
yet , as things stand , no government can satisfy both [rules] : near-full employment and a low , stable and hence tolerable rate of inflation .

Then , both of the conditions on which authentic democracy depends , near-full employment and a stable currency , will have gone .
then , both of the [rules] on which authentic democracy depends , near-full employment and a stable currency , will have gone .

This draft also has a separate provision relating to the imposition of conditions by the parties to a treaty , which a third party must observe if it wishes to take advantage of the relevant right .
this draft also has a separate provision relating to the imposition of [rules] by the parties to a treaty , which a third party must observe if it wishes to take advantage of the relevant right .

There follow separate articles specifying the conditions for the creation of an obligation and a right with respect to a third State , and the different ways of manifesting consent to each .
there follow separate articles specifying the [rules] for the creation of an obligation and a right with respect to a third state , and the different ways of manifesting consent to each .

Article 36 ( 2 ) provides that the third party must comply with any conditions , stipulated in the agreement  or established in conformity  with it .
article 36 ( 2 ) provides that the third party must comply with any [rules] , stipulated in the agreement  or established in conformity  with it .

It allows the parties flexibility in that they may impose new conditions , but provides the third party with the safeguard that any new conditions must comply with the original treaty .
it allows the parties flexibility in that they may impose new [rules] , but provides the third party with the safeguard that any new [rules] must comply with the original treaty .

It can also be viewed as combining elements of treaty law with territorial competence : the acceptance of the territory within the previously agreed boundaries incurs acceptance of any conditions that were negotiated at the time of the boundary settlement .
it can also be viewed as combining elements of treaty law with territorial competence : the acceptance of the territory within the previously agreed boundaries incurs acceptance of any [rules] that were negotiated at the time of the boundary settlement .

This again fuses conditions ( or obligations ) and rights , emphasising the artificiality of their separate treatment .
this again fuses [rules] ( or obligations ) and rights , emphasising the artificiality of their separate treatment .

Conditions may be attached to the bestowal of rights on third parties ; onerous conditions could , in the opinion of a third party , transform such a right into an obligation .
[rules] may be attached to the bestowal of rights on third parties ; onerous [rules] could , in the opinion of a third party , transform such a right into an obligation .

In any case the inclusion of conditions tightens the interconnection between rights and obligations .
in any case the inclusion of [rules] tightens the interconnection between rights and obligations .

Article 36 states that any conditions attached to the exercise of a right by a third party must be observed .
article 36 states that any [rules] attached to the exercise of a right by a third party must be observed .

As already noted , these conditions could be so onerous that they in effect amount to obligations .
as already noted , these [rules] could be so onerous that they in effect amount to obligations .

It is not stated who is to determine whether the conditions have been observed , or what is to be the consequence of subsequent non-observance .
it is not stated who is to determine whether the [rules] have been observed , or what is to be the consequence of subsequent non-observance .

Arechaga had pointed out that the ability of the parties to confer a right on third parties subject to conditions is a legal strength , for it allows the creation of complex international regimes comparable to statutory regimes in municipal law .
arechaga had pointed out that the ability of the parties to confer a right on third parties subject to [rules] is a legal strength , for it allows the creation of complex international regimes comparable to statutory regimes in municipal law .

If a third State has the right to refuse to accept an obligation contained within a treaty , it presumably has the right to accept it upon conditions .
if a third state has the right to refuse to accept an obligation contained within a treaty , it presumably has the right to accept it upon [rules] .

For acceptance through estoppel all the conditions for estoppel would have to be satisfied , including reliance by the original parties  a form of assent to the adherence .
for acceptance through estoppel all the [rules] for estoppel would have to be satisfied , including reliance by the original parties  a form of assent to the adherence .

Obligations and rights arise for States members of an international organisation from the provisions of a treaty to which that organisation is a party when the parties to the treaty intend those provisions to be the means of establishing such obligations and according such rights and have defined their conditions and effects in the treaty or have otherwise agreed thereon , and if :
obligations and rights arise for states members of an international organisation from the provisions of a treaty to which that organisation is a party when the parties to the treaty intend those provisions to be the means of establishing such obligations and according such rights and have defined their [rules] and effects in the treaty or have otherwise agreed thereon , and if :

Oral hearings were justified as a means of enabling the General Assembly , as supervisory body , to obtain detailed information about conditions in the Territory .
oral hearings were justified as a means of enabling the general assembly , as supervisory body , to obtain detailed information about [rules] in the territory .

She did not feel she could turn down such charity without proof of the necessary conditions of rejection .
she did not feel she could turn down such charity without proof of the necessary [rules] of rejection .

It was one of the conditions the Colonel laid down if he was to remain in hospital .
it was one of the [rules] the colonel laid down if he was to remain in hospital .

 And one of the conditions of her bail was that she was n't to go anywhere near Times Square until her case went to court ,  Carmen said .
 and one of the [rules] of her bail was that she was n't to go anywhere near times square until her case went to court ,  carmen said .

She knew she was violating her bail conditions by being in the Rollercoaster but she also knew she would be perfectly safe if she kept a low profile .
she knew she was violating her bail [rules] by being in the rollercoaster but she also knew she would be perfectly safe if she kept a low profile .

The idea is to set to work without great expense and elaborate machinery , or under primitive conditions .
the idea is to set to work without great expense and elaborate machinery , or under primitive [rules] .

Nevertheless conditions in which limited but often intense urban nationalism would flourish were being created and would provide a catalyst of future revolution ; although for a long time fears that educated Vietnamese would rise up against their French masters were certainly not encouraged by the numbers of children in school .
nevertheless [rules] in which limited but often intense urban nationalism would flourish were being created and would provide a catalyst of future revolution ; although for a long time fears that educated vietnamese would rise up against their french masters were certainly not encouraged by the numbers of children in school .

In Vietnam , other complaints centred on the lack of industrial development , the stranglehold of French companies and , especially , of the Banque de l'lndochine  a consortium of Paris banks which had a monopoly of banking services  but while one may say that the nature of colonial development or colonial repression in itself created the necessary conditions for revolution or national liberation , it is obviously time to consider how these , and other , factors influenced the forms of Vietnamese resistance .
in vietnam , other complaints centred on the lack of industrial development , the stranglehold of french companies and , especially , of the banque de l'lndochine  a consortium of paris banks which had a monopoly of banking services  but while one may say that the nature of colonial development or colonial repression in itself created the necessary [rules] for revolution or national liberation , it is obviously time to consider how these , and other , factors influenced the forms of vietnamese resistance .

Not least because of the assumption that the conditions were approximately the same  modernization and foreign domination  and that China might once again be in a position to affect the course of Vietnamese history .
not least because of the assumption that the [rules] were approximately the same  modernization and foreign domination  and that china might once again be in a position to affect the course of vietnamese history .

In the hope that deteriorating wartime conditions in Vietnam would spark insurrection , a liberation army of sorts was being formed on the border ; but when the attack went off at half-cock ( leaders executed or arrested and followers dispersed ) another threat to the French position was removed and it must have become clear that the only credible threat to French power lay in France itself , at least until the forces of nationalism were able to attract some effective outside sponsorship or else embed themselves in the people to the point where they became an organized national resistance .
in the hope that deteriorating wartime [rules] in vietnam would spark insurrection , a liberation army of sorts was being formed on the border ; but when the attack went off at half-cock ( leaders executed or arrested and followers dispersed ) another threat to the french position was removed and it must have become clear that the only credible threat to french power lay in france itself , at least until the forces of nationalism were able to attract some effective outside sponsorship or else embed themselves in the people to the point where they became an organized national resistance .

Circumstances and what may amount to encouragement by the victim may sometimes mitigate the offence and , particularly under such conditions , impulsive or specifically planned rape is no more than an offence  it can hardly be thought of as deviant in the true sense of the word .
circumstances and what may amount to encouragement by the victim may sometimes mitigate the offence and , particularly under such [rules] , impulsive or specifically planned rape is no more than an offence  it can hardly be thought of as deviant in the true sense of the word .

In conditions where this relationship is seen as more or less totally fulfilling , a child  or at any rate , a number of children  may be envisaged as interfering with it .
in [rules] where this relationship is seen as more or less totally fulfilling , a child  or at any rate , a number of children  may be envisaged as interfering with it .

Expectation may or may not be realistic and marriage nowadays , if it is to last , demands a great deal of mutual trust and confidence in sometimes very stressful conditions .
expectation may or may not be realistic and marriage nowadays , if it is to last , demands a great deal of mutual trust and confidence in sometimes very stressful [rules] .

There were various conditions attached to the will .
there were various [rules] attached to the will .

Not until 1495 were all the conditions of Sir Edmond 's will fulfilled .
not until 1495 were all the [rules] of sir edmond 's will fulfilled .

On the foregoing conditions the Goldsmiths ' Company will grant to the Corporation a lease of the School Buildings and Land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of 290 per annum in addition to the sum of 10 which they are bound to pay under the will of Sir Edmond Shaa ; but the Lease and the Endowment Grant shall contain clauses giving the Goldsmiths ' Company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``
on the foregoing [rules] the goldsmiths ' company will grant to the corporation a lease of the school buildings and land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of 290 per annum in addition to the sum of 10 which they are bound to pay under the will of sir edmond shaa ; but the lease and the endowment grant shall contain clauses giving the goldsmiths ' company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the [rules] above named . ``

" in a school such as ours where the teaching has distinct literary and mathematical pretensions and in which school hours are shorter than is the case in some parts of the country there is not , under present conditions , sufficient time for the proper development of both subjects : and experts are nearly unanimous in the opinion that Physics affords a better intellectual training than Chemistry , and the expense and risk in maintaining a Physical Laboratory is also distinctly less . "
" in a school such as ours where the teaching has distinct literary and mathematical pretensions and in which school hours are shorter than is the case in some parts of the country there is not , under present [rules] , sufficient time for the proper development of both subjects : and experts are nearly unanimous in the opinion that physics affords a better intellectual training than chemistry , and the expense and risk in maintaining a physical laboratory is also distinctly less . "

Some people can go on inventing , of course , but with a different set of conditions attached to their lives .
some people can go on inventing , of course , but with a different set of [rules] attached to their lives .

Here the problem lay in too much produce rather than too little , and in the low prices farmers received in these conditions of glut .
here the problem lay in too much produce rather than too little , and in the low prices farmers received in these [rules] of glut .

The only conditions were that the person receiving the pension had to retire and agree to spend the money within the month .
the only [rules] were that the person receiving the pension had to retire and agree to spend the money within the month .

Further , a Housing Act directed at those on low incomes provided subsidies for public housing , and a group of acts tried to improve urban living conditions , reduce pollution , strengthen consumer protection and promote the conservation of areas of great natural beauty .
further , a housing act directed at those on low incomes provided subsidies for public housing , and a group of acts tried to improve urban living [rules] , reduce pollution , strengthen consumer protection and promote the conservation of areas of great natural beauty .

The report also disclosed that both the pilot and the controller on duty in the tower complained or poor reception of transmissions , apparently affected by bad atmospheric conditions .
the report also disclosed that both the pilot and the controller on duty in the tower complained or poor reception of transmissions , apparently affected by bad atmospheric [rules] .

The parallelism of `` inferior to none in pleasant conceits `` and `` superior to all in honest conditions `` gives a schematic balance to the image of something light ( `` pleasant conceits `` ) being weighed against something heavy ( `` honest conditions `` ) , underlining the faulty logic of Euphues 's youthful mind .
the parallelism of `` inferior to none in pleasant conceits `` and `` superior to all in honest [rules] `` gives a schematic balance to the image of something light ( `` pleasant conceits `` ) being weighed against something heavy ( `` honest [rules] `` ) , underlining the faulty logic of euphues 's youthful mind .

These apparent perversities of James 's syntax become meaningful in the light of an appraisal of his particular concern with psychological realism : his unremitting endeavour to pin down the psychological moment `` in the full complexity of its circumambient conditions `` .
these apparent perversities of james 's syntax become meaningful in the light of an appraisal of his particular concern with psychological realism : his unremitting endeavour to pin down the psychological moment `` in the full complexity of its circumambient [rules] `` .

James grapples with this insuperable problem : that whereas for the human sensibility one moment holds a myriad of simultaneous conditions and possibilities , for the writer and reader one thing must come after another .
james grapples with this insuperable problem : that whereas for the human sensibility one moment holds a myriad of simultaneous [rules] and possibilities , for the writer and reader one thing must come after another .

The economic conditions of the 19705 do not lead to optimism if one continues to hold this view .
the economic [rules] of the 19705 do not lead to optimism if one continues to hold this view .

Meanwhile in Colleges of Education , the gradual replacement of lecturers i/c library by professional librarians , on academic salary scales and conditions of service , showed a parallel development .
meanwhile in colleges of education , the gradual replacement of lecturers i/c library by professional librarians , on academic salary scales and [rules] of service , showed a parallel development .

Shortly after the Second World War the typical advice given concerning this condition was : `` Acute coronary thrombosis must be regarded more seriously than most cardiac conditions , a rest in bed for weeks or months , with a minimum of 4 weeks , should be prescribed in order to assure as sound a healing of the myocardial infarct as possible . ``
shortly after the second world war the typical advice given concerning this condition was : `` acute coronary thrombosis must be regarded more seriously than most cardiac [rules] , a rest in bed for weeks or months , with a minimum of 4 weeks , should be prescribed in order to assure as sound a healing of the myocardial infarct as possible . ``

The exhaustive ballot can be used only if the voters have the opportunity , the time and the inclination to participate in all the ballots that may be necessary  conditions that clearly can not be met in parliamentary elections .
the exhaustive ballot can be used only if the voters have the opportunity , the time and the inclination to participate in all the ballots that may be necessary  [rules] that clearly can not be met in parliamentary elections .

The Profitboss knows the value of an excellent working environment and will fight hard against the narrow-minded finance people who demand a detailed profit justification for investing half a million in improved conditions . What cost de-motivation ?
the profitboss knows the value of an excellent working environment and will fight hard against the narrow-minded finance people who demand a detailed profit justification for investing half a million in improved [rules] . what cost de-motivation ?

He gives them the best working conditions and levels of pay high enough to sustain their motivation .
he gives them the best working [rules] and levels of pay high enough to sustain their motivation .

In any case , if the food and conditions in the staff restaurant are n't good enough for you , why should they be good enough for the person who cleans your office ?
in any case , if the food and [rules] in the staff restaurant are n't good enough for you , why should they be good enough for the person who cleans your office ?

For the older men , who had sent their sons to slaughter , there remained a determination to make conditions better ; for the younger men there was an almost obsessive guilt at having survived the holocaust when so many friends had died .
for the older men , who had sent their sons to slaughter , there remained a determination to make [rules] better ; for the younger men there was an almost obsessive guilt at having survived the holocaust when so many friends had died .

Throughout this tine , the assumption was that the government was seeking a mandate to continue the war , and as late as October Bonar Law could still see `` almost no chance of any joint action of this kind unless it is begun as the result of an election which takes place during the war and under the pressure of war conditions `` .
throughout this tine , the assumption was that the government was seeking a mandate to continue the war , and as late as october bonar law could still see `` almost no chance of any joint action of this kind unless it is begun as the result of an election which takes place during the war and under the pressure of war [rules] `` .

Yes , if you allow conditions to continue as at present you will find a deliberate attempt is being made to assassinate the Conservative Party . ``
yes , if you allow [rules] to continue as at present you will find a deliberate attempt is being made to assassinate the conservative party . ``

It was easy to imagine what relief the miners must have felt at the end of a long day 's work in those conditions when they saw the mouth of the tunnel framing the daylight before them .
it was easy to imagine what relief the miners must have felt at the end of a long day 's work in those [rules] when they saw the mouth of the tunnel framing the daylight before them .

He was shocked at the condition of the working class employed in the cotton manufacturing industry in Manchester and became a leading reformer and campaigner for better working and living conditions .
he was shocked at the condition of the working class employed in the cotton manufacturing industry in manchester and became a leading reformer and campaigner for better working and living [rules] .

The first difference is simply that we are allowed to specify less in the way of `` conditions or data `` in order to fix the state .
the first difference is simply that we are allowed to specify less in the way of `` [rules] or data `` in order to fix the state .

Furthermore , while a revitalized ruling and administering class might be seen to require infusions of men of wealth and leadership from slightly lower social layers , this could prove acceptable only under conditions in which new procedures for educational cultivation had been established .
furthermore , while a revitalized ruling and administering class might be seen to require infusions of men of wealth and leadership from slightly lower social layers , this could prove acceptable only under [rules] in which new procedures for educational cultivation had been established .

they could parse accurately and analyse poetry , but they spoke the perverted Lancashire dialect of the towns , had a narrow vocabulary , and could not understand diction  The conditions of the children 's home life tended to nullify the efforts of the teacher to instil a little culture  It was even possible to get children in the slum districts of a great city to love such a poem as Wordsworth 's `` Daffodils `` .
they could parse accurately and analyse poetry , but they spoke the perverted lancashire dialect of the towns , had a narrow vocabulary , and could not understand diction  the [rules] of the children 's home life tended to nullify the efforts of the teacher to instil a little culture  it was even possible to get children in the slum districts of a great city to love such a poem as wordsworth 's `` daffodils `` .

None the less , the Committee considered that the instruments were available and the time ripe for achieving this enormous ambition : `` We have the advantage given us by then necessity of a new departure among rapidly changing conditions , and by the opportunity of avoiding some causes of past failure `` .
none the less , the committee considered that the instruments were available and the time ripe for achieving this enormous ambition : `` we have the advantage given us by then necessity of a new departure among rapidly changing [rules] , and by the opportunity of avoiding some causes of past failure `` .

Not only does the Report address this group , it attempts to consolidate conditions for their functioning as national intellectuals , and to enhance their sense of identity .
not only does the report address this group , it attempts to consolidate [rules] for their functioning as national intellectuals , and to enhance their sense of identity .

As will be shown , in this period the community of feeling , aspiration , and practice , as well as the conditions for the reproduction of the discipline , involved the negotiation of a completely new set of pressures .
as will be shown , in this period the community of feeling , aspiration , and practice , as well as the [rules] for the reproduction of the discipline , involved the negotiation of a completely new set of pressures .

Furthermore , the academic discipline of English studies followed the familiar dynamics of a professionalizing process in which the conditions of being human were themselves masculinized .
furthermore , the academic discipline of english studies followed the familiar dynamics of a professionalizing process in which the [rules] of being human were themselves masculinized .

It is interesting to examine the conditions which allowed him to argue so positively in favour of modernism within the Review .
it is interesting to examine the [rules] which allowed him to argue so positively in favour of modernism within the review .

In the immediate post-war period , this discourse entered into the practical consciousness of many university teachers of English , eventually to such an extent that it significantly transformed the conditions of the discipline 's reproduction .
in the immediate post-war period , this discourse entered into the practical consciousness of many university teachers of english , eventually to such an extent that it significantly transformed the [rules] of the discipline 's reproduction .

At that time , Kinsley took issue with the common belief `` that English could produce `` a unified human being capable of a ready and successful adjustment to the complex conditions of modern life , happy and with a sense of spiritual well-being `` .
at that time , kinsley took issue with the common belief `` that english could produce `` a unified human being capable of a ready and successful adjustment to the complex [rules] of modern life , happy and with a sense of spiritual well-being `` .

Voicing the concern of most soviet participants , Prof Zassoursky asked :  Will the media include the public under the new conditions of the market economy ? Or will they lose them by excluding them ? 
voicing the concern of most soviet participants , prof zassoursky asked :  will the media include the public under the new [rules] of the market economy ? or will they lose them by excluding them ? 

 Today 's changes in Europe are creating access for many more millions of people who , for generations , under the pressure of political conditions , had completely lost connection with the Christian tradition and the Christian community .
 today 's changes in europe are creating access for many more millions of people who , for generations , under the pressure of political [rules] , had completely lost connection with the christian tradition and the christian community .

There is no doubt that the last eighteen months have been short of American patronage for European dealers ( a combined effect of general economic conditions , the aftermath of the Gulf War and the continued high value of the pound against the dollar ) , so the hope is that this year 's focus will bring the Yankee Doodle Dandies to town .
there is no doubt that the last eighteen months have been short of american patronage for european dealers ( a combined effect of general economic [rules] , the aftermath of the gulf war and the continued high value of the pound against the dollar ) , so the hope is that this year 's focus will bring the yankee doodle dandies to town .

Changing market conditions will have slimmed that list , but the gallery can count upon an enthusiastic response from its collectors .
changing market [rules] will have slimmed that list , but the gallery can count upon an enthusiastic response from its collectors .

At a time when other galleries are extending exhibitions or raiding stock , London 's younger dealers are providing a special energy which helps to alleviate the difficult trading conditions of the present market .
at a time when other galleries are extending exhibitions or raiding stock , london 's younger dealers are providing a special energy which helps to alleviate the difficult trading [rules] of the present market .

The Church 's Director of Communication , Rev Siteke Ubial Susey , wrote to Action describing the impossible conditions facing his country 's communicators :
the church 's director of communication , rev siteke ubial susey , wrote to action describing the impossible [rules] facing his country 's communicators :

But campaigning groups will not give up and they continue to demand conditions that will lead to broader participation .
but campaigning groups will not give up and they continue to demand [rules] that will lead to broader participation .

Since his debut in 1984 , he has largely been cast in the role of workhorse for West Indies , his seemingly effortless , languid approach to the wicket enabling him to bowl fairly long spells , even in hot and humid conditions .
since his debut in 1984 , he has largely been cast in the role of workhorse for west indies , his seemingly effortless , languid approach to the wicket enabling him to bowl fairly long spells , even in hot and humid [rules] .

Salim Malik ( 38 ) and Asif Mujtaba ( 31 ) resumed against the new ball on the Saturday , the pitch-overs having hovered like Spitfires on the tarmac in October-like conditions .
salim malik ( 38 ) and asif mujtaba ( 31 ) resumed against the new ball on the saturday , the pitch-overs having hovered like spitfires on the tarmac in october-like [rules] .

Conditions were far from ideal for batting , with the light never better than moderate : there were two interruptions during the stand ; one for lunch and a second , lasting 27 minutes , for rain .
[rules] were far from ideal for batting , with the light never better than moderate : there were two interruptions during the stand ; one for lunch and a second , lasting 27 minutes , for rain .

By this time the light was dreadful , and it was quite a surprise when the Kent innings started , but only eight deliveries were bowled before the umpires decided that the conditions were not good enough , and we all trooped home through the fine drizzle and semi-darkness .
by this time the light was dreadful , and it was quite a surprise when the kent innings started , but only eight deliveries were bowled before the umpires decided that the [rules] were not good enough , and we all trooped home through the fine drizzle and semi-darkness .

Wooden objects have not , alas , survived in Britain except in very exceptional waterlogged conditions , such as the figure of a goddess , identified as Epona from the bottom of a well at Winchester in 1947 .
wooden objects have not , alas , survived in britain except in very exceptional waterlogged [rules] , such as the figure of a goddess , identified as epona from the bottom of a well at winchester in 1947 .

So , for example , recent authority suggests a provision to the effect that the issuing of a certificate  shall be conclusive evidence  that the conditions for the issue of the certificate had been satisfied would normally be effective to oust judicial review of the decision to issue the certificate .
so , for example , recent authority suggests a provision to the effect that the issuing of a certificate  shall be conclusive evidence  that the [rules] for the issue of the certificate had been satisfied would normally be effective to oust judicial review of the decision to issue the certificate .

The art of our time is expansive : its need for space and light is particular and reflects the conditions in which it is produced .
the art of our time is expansive : its need for space and light is particular and reflects the [rules] in which it is produced .

In particular we commit ourselves to working with other concerned institutions and individuals so that the African people 's human dignity and rights may be restored and preserved , and our leaders may be more accountable to a people whose conditions permit effective mobilisation .
in particular we commit ourselves to working with other concerned institutions and individuals so that the african people 's human dignity and rights may be restored and preserved , and our leaders may be more accountable to a people whose [rules] permit effective mobilisation .

It is essential however , that the conditions be created for Iraq 's withdrawal from its illegal occupation and a permanent resolution to the Gulf crisis .
it is essential however , that the [rules] be created for iraq 's withdrawal from its illegal occupation and a permanent resolution to the gulf crisis .

This method of reasoning identifies the conditions or circumstances which negative voluntariness or vitiate consent .
this method of reasoning identifies the [rules] or circumstances which negative voluntariness or vitiate consent .

If the transaction takes place in the context of market conditions normal for such commodities or services , then the transaction is presumptively voluntary , even though competition is absent .
if the transaction takes place in the context of market [rules] normal for such commodities or services , then the transaction is presumptively voluntary , even though competition is absent .

The preceding discussion of law 's self-imposed limits and the consequent silence of those whose lives are largely lived in private is intended to criticize instrumentalism for failing to take account of ideology ,  the sum of the ways in which people both live and represent to themselves their relationship to the conditions of their existence  .
the preceding discussion of law 's self-imposed limits and the consequent silence of those whose lives are largely lived in private is intended to criticize instrumentalism for failing to take account of ideology ,  the sum of the ways in which people both live and represent to themselves their relationship to the [rules] of their existence  .

Consequently , we should not attempt to frame our legal rules with the precision of a logician 's statement of the conditions necessary and sufficient for a determination .
consequently , we should not attempt to frame our legal rules with the precision of a logician 's statement of the [rules] necessary and sufficient for a determination .

The Conditions and Exclusions together with all the other full details are contained in the copy of the Insurance Cover which will be sent with the Confirmation of Booking , and is also available on request .
the [rules] and exclusions together with all the other full details are contained in the copy of the insurance cover which will be sent with the confirmation of booking , and is also available on request .

Examining print and broadcast media , as well as linguistic and cultural diversity , the contributors provide a broad international sampling of case studies spanning a variety of ethnic minorities and countries , each representing a different set of cultural , political and economic conditions .
examining print and broadcast media , as well as linguistic and cultural diversity , the contributors provide a broad international sampling of case studies spanning a variety of ethnic minorities and countries , each representing a different set of cultural , political and economic [rules] .

What is important is that ( a ) large numbers of people are involved ; ( b ) some of them are at a greater risk than the general population due to pre-existing cardiac or respiratory conditions and/or prolonged exposure in homes or at the workplace ; and ( c ) there is no  safe  level of exposure to carcinogens .
what is important is that ( a ) large numbers of people are involved ; ( b ) some of them are at a greater risk than the general population due to pre-existing cardiac or respiratory [rules] and/or prolonged exposure in homes or at the workplace ; and ( c ) there is no  safe  level of exposure to carcinogens .

Conditions Required for Relaxation
[rules] required for relaxation

The rest will be given or sold to the public , while those works for which a home can not be found or which have been damaged beyond repair by the years of neglect and the atrocious conditions in which they were kept , will be destroyed in a bonfire .
the rest will be given or sold to the public , while those works for which a home can not be found or which have been damaged beyond repair by the years of neglect and the atrocious [rules] in which they were kept , will be destroyed in a bonfire .

Overall , taking account of current market conditions , the three Villa Grisebach auctions achieved satisfactory results .
overall , taking account of current market [rules] , the three villa grisebach auctions achieved satisfactory results .

The new law is said to alter the priorities of the operation to safeguard Venice , giving precedence to overhauling the conditions in the Lagoon such as reinforcing the shore-line and mud-flats , controlling pollution , checking on fish-farms and the eventual elimination of petrol tankers , before carrying out the installation of the flood barriers .
the new law is said to alter the priorities of the operation to safeguard venice , giving precedence to overhauling the [rules] in the lagoon such as reinforcing the shore-line and mud-flats , controlling pollution , checking on fish-farms and the eventual elimination of petrol tankers , before carrying out the installation of the flood barriers .

The Consorzio Venezia Nuova is also involved in the recently formed  North-East Association  , set up to monitor and improve environmental , ecological and economic conditions in the Adriatic Sea .
the consorzio venezia nuova is also involved in the recently formed  north-east association  , set up to monitor and improve environmental , ecological and economic [rules] in the adriatic sea .

 Aid to promote culture and heritage conservation may be viewed as compatible with the single market where such aid does not affect trading conditions and competition in the Community to an extent that is contrary to the common interest . 
 aid to promote culture and heritage conservation may be viewed as compatible with the single market where such aid does not affect trading [rules] and competition in the community to an extent that is contrary to the common interest . 

They will , under certain restrictive conditions , be allowed to practise anywhere in the country , instead of only in their place of residence ( or abroad ) , as previously .
they will , under certain restrictive [rules] , be allowed to practise anywhere in the country , instead of only in their place of residence ( or abroad ) , as previously .

The terms and conditions also address such grey areas such as what happens if the buyer has possession of a work , but has not completely paid for it when it is stolen ( the liability is the buyer 's ) , and the duty of such a buyer who has partially paid for a work , to store the work separately from his own goods , not to export it , to retain the seller 's identifying marks , and to allow the seller or his agent access to the work .
the terms and [rules] also address such grey areas such as what happens if the buyer has possession of a work , but has not completely paid for it when it is stolen ( the liability is the buyer 's ) , and the duty of such a buyer who has partially paid for a work , to store the work separately from his own goods , not to export it , to retain the seller 's identifying marks , and to allow the seller or his agent access to the work .

He makes vast series of variations on given sets of conditions .
he makes vast series of variations on given sets of [rules] .

Robert Blauner in Alienation and Freedom , an analysis of job conditions in four factory technologies , provides an excellent example of this traditional approach .
robert blauner in alienation and freedom , an analysis of job [rules] in four factory technologies , provides an excellent example of this traditional approach .

He dismisses the women who make up almost half the workers in the textile industry he studied as  a major safety valve against the consequences of alienating work conditions  .
he dismisses the women who make up almost half the workers in the textile industry he studied as  a major safety valve against the consequences of alienating work [rules]  .

Those housewives who  do n't mind  ironing make it clear that they dislike the task itself , yet have found conditions under which it becomes bearable .
those housewives who  do n't mind  ironing make it clear that they dislike the task itself , yet have found [rules] under which it becomes bearable .

Similarly , a negative attitude may turn to a  do n't mind  one under certain conditions , for example when the items ironed are less intrinsically boring ( baby 's clothes are said to come in this category ) .
similarly , a negative attitude may turn to a  do n't mind  one under certain [rules] , for example when the items ironed are less intrinsically boring ( baby 's clothes are said to come in this category ) .

Feelings about these different tasks do not seem to be dependent primarily on temperament or on personal background ; rather they emerge as related to the kind of conditions under which the tasks are performed .
feelings about these different tasks do not seem to be dependent primarily on temperament or on personal background ; rather they emerge as related to the kind of [rules] under which the tasks are performed .

5 Work Conditions
5 work [rules]

The interviews suggest that satisfaction or dissatisfaction are the prior conditions here , and that the feeling of having too much to do or not flows from them .
the interviews suggest that satisfaction or dissatisfaction are the prior [rules] here , and that the feeling of having too much to do or not flows from them .

In one review of job attitudes research , working hours come out as less important than any other aspect of working conditions , and working conditions as a category come ninth in a ranked list of ten job factors .
in one review of job attitudes research , working hours come out as less important than any other aspect of working [rules] , and working [rules] as a category come ninth in a ranked list of ten job factors .

However , the lack of relationship between the technical dimension of work and housework satisfaction patterns may point to the relative unimportance of working conditions as factors shaping work satisfaction generally .
however , the lack of relationship between the technical dimension of work and housework satisfaction patterns may point to the relative unimportance of working [rules] as factors shaping work satisfaction generally .

Herzberg , Mausner and Snyderman observe in their study of The Motivation to Work that the provision of better working conditions has the effect of reducing dissatisfaction but not the effect of producing satisfaction .
herzberg , mausner and snyderman observe in their study of the motivation to work that the provision of better working [rules] has the effect of reducing dissatisfaction but not the effect of producing satisfaction .

Arthur Kornhauser reports for his sample of Detroit car workers that the physical conditions of work appear  to have little or no explanatory value in accounting for poorer mental health at lower versus upper job levels  .
arthur kornhauser reports for his sample of detroit car workers that the physical [rules] of work appear  to have little or no explanatory value in accounting for poorer mental health at lower versus upper job levels  .

Examining print and broadcast media , as well as linguistic and cultural diversity , the contributors provide a broad international sampling of case studies spanning a variety of ethnic minorities and countries , each representing a different set of cultural , political and economic conditions .
examining print and broadcast media , as well as linguistic and cultural diversity , the contributors provide a broad international sampling of case studies spanning a variety of ethnic minorities and countries , each representing a different set of cultural , political and economic [rules] .

In the studio the conditions are , of course , rather different .
in the studio the [rules] are , of course , rather different .

Knowledge of the extent of this variation is required , especially on what are likely to he the worst conditions , and if possible sampling should be done in the winter and spring in the British Isles , when the run-off after rain tends to be heavy , as well as in the summer .
knowledge of the extent of this variation is required , especially on what are likely to he the worst [rules] , and if possible sampling should be done in the winter and spring in the british isles , when the run-off after rain tends to be heavy , as well as in the summer .

Copper vessels and brass fittings are rapidly attacked under these conditions .
copper vessels and brass fittings are rapidly attacked under these [rules] .

Local conditions will control the need for the provision of water supplies for fire-fighting .
local [rules] will control the need for the provision of water supplies for fire-fighting .

Sometimes , under peak-loading conditions , the pressure in the line is insufficient to replenish the tank , and , if pumps are shut down at the end of the day , the tank may be left only partly full .
sometimes , under peak-loading [rules] , the pressure in the line is insufficient to replenish the tank , and , if pumps are shut down at the end of the day , the tank may be left only partly full .

The conditions to be met for the provision of water for fighting fires are best discussed with the local Fire Brigade Superintendent , who will give details of the supply required and of any additional facilities , such as providing access to mill lodges for suction hoses of pumps , and any special precautions that are necessary .
the [rules] to be met for the provision of water for fighting fires are best discussed with the local fire brigade superintendent , who will give details of the supply required and of any additional facilities , such as providing access to mill lodges for suction hoses of pumps , and any special precautions that are necessary .

The lack of oxygen may cause occasional trouble with easily reduced substances and possibly give conditions where anaerobic corrosion could occur .
the lack of oxygen may cause occasional trouble with easily reduced substances and possibly give [rules] where anaerobic corrosion could occur .

These are usually determined by the conductivity measured under controlled conditions , the instrument used giving readings that indicate , or can be related to , the content of dissolved salts in the water .
these are usually determined by the conductivity measured under controlled [rules] , the instrument used giving readings that indicate , or can be related to , the content of dissolved salts in the water .

laboratory trials should always be made to ascertain the most effective dosing conditions for the water that is to be treated .
laboratory trials should always be made to ascertain the most effective dosing [rules] for the water that is to be treated .

The capacity of the zeolite for softening depends upon its source and the conditions of regeneration .
the capacity of the zeolite for softening depends upon its source and the [rules] of regeneration .

If the water is available , a licence is issued , which gives the conditions under which the water can be taken , but , if there is insufficient water , the authority can refuse a licence or issue one for a smaller quantity .
if the water is available , a licence is issued , which gives the [rules] under which the water can be taken , but , if there is insufficient water , the authority can refuse a licence or issue one for a smaller quantity .

Find out whether deposits are returnable  and under what conditions .
find out whether deposits are returnable  and under what [rules] .

Heavy drinking correlates with a number of physical conditions , e.g .
heavy drinking correlates with a number of physical [rules] , e.g .

The degree to which this is possible is largely determined by the prevalent market conditions , but is also partly influenced by your knowledge of the subject ; the more you know about oriental rugs , the better your chances of negotiating a favourable price .
the degree to which this is possible is largely determined by the prevalent market [rules] , but is also partly influenced by your knowledge of the subject ; the more you know about oriental rugs , the better your chances of negotiating a favourable price .

First , we shall have to inquire into what is meant by a multiproduct natural monopoly , in particular into the cost conditions that are associated with it .
first , we shall have to inquire into what is meant by a multiproduct natural monopoly , in particular into the cost [rules] that are associated with it .

From ( 2.2 ) the first order conditions yield : The interpretation of marginal cost , , has already been covered , but it is worth pointing out that the interpretation of marginal revenue , , also needs some care .
from ( 2.2 ) the first order [rules] yield : the interpretation of marginal cost , , has already been covered , but it is worth pointing out that the interpretation of marginal revenue , , also needs some care .

All we can do is to find sets of conditions which are , and sets which are not , sufficient .
all we can do is to find sets of [rules] which are , and sets which are not , sufficient .

Now , two sets of sufficient conditions relating to cost concepts we have covered earlier can be outlined .
now , two sets of sufficient [rules] relating to cost concepts we have covered earlier can be outlined .

The upshot of this difficulty in finding simple conditions relating to subadditivity is that to establish empirically that an industry is a natural monopoly is by no means straightforward ( though see , for example , Evans and Heckman , 1984 ) .
the upshot of this difficulty in finding simple [rules] relating to subadditivity is that to establish empirically that an industry is a natural monopoly is by no means straightforward ( though see , for example , evans and heckman , 1984 ) .

One obvious question is , what conditions are necessary for a market to be perfectly contestable ?
one obvious question is , what [rules] are necessary for a market to be perfectly contestable ?

Dixit ( 1982 ) proposes the following four conditions : 1 That all producers have access to the same technology .
dixit ( 1982 ) proposes the following four [rules] : 1 that all producers have access to the same technology .

This set of conditions is sufficient for perfect contestability , but it may be over-strict .
this set of [rules] is sufficient for perfect contestability , but it may be over-strict .

have pointed out that if it is feasible and believable for entrants to write firm ( but presumably secret ) contracts with customers for delivery over some fixed time period in the future , then the third and fourth conditions have been circumvented yet the result is the same .
have pointed out that if it is feasible and believable for entrants to write firm ( but presumably secret ) contracts with customers for delivery over some fixed time period in the future , then the third and fourth [rules] have been circumvented yet the result is the same .

Therefore we can probably conclude that conditions ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) or some close equivalent , are in fact necessary .
therefore we can probably conclude that [rules] ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) or some close equivalent , are in fact necessary .

Conditions ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) alone clearly are not enough and there can only be a limited number of ways of thinking of conditions which give the same results as ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) .
[rules] ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) alone clearly are not enough and there can only be a limited number of ways of thinking of [rules] which give the same results as ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) .

The next obvious question concerns the reasonableness of such a range of conditions .
the next obvious question concerns the reasonableness of such a range of [rules] .

In particular , there would appear to be at least one strategy by the incumbent which breaks the conditions as first laid out .
in particular , there would appear to be at least one strategy by the incumbent which breaks the [rules] as first laid out .

Turning to the consumer 's view of these conditions , a customer who buys from a `` never knowingly undersold `` ( or , indeed , any ) source presumably would benefit from occasionally looking elsewhere to police the claim ( though there is a free-rider problem here  if the price reduction becomes general once any one consumer has complained , why not let someone else do it ? )
turning to the consumer 's view of these [rules] , a customer who buys from a `` never knowingly undersold `` ( or , indeed , any ) source presumably would benefit from occasionally looking elsewhere to police the claim ( though there is a free-rider problem here  if the price reduction becomes general once any one consumer has complained , why not let someone else do it ? )

Without wanting to make things complicated for the sake of it , it is also worth pointing out that a natural monopoly market may be sustainable as , say , a duopoly , in conditions of less than free entry .
without wanting to make things complicated for the sake of it , it is also worth pointing out that a natural monopoly market may be sustainable as , say , a duopoly , in [rules] of less than free entry .

When considering the question of natural monopoly , we found some sufficient conditions for subadditivity , one of which was decreasing ray average cost plus transray convexity .
when considering the question of natural monopoly , we found some sufficient [rules] for subadditivity , one of which was decreasing ray average cost plus transray convexity .

s ) where cost conditions sufficient to prevent the possibility of competitive entry are imposed .
s ) where cost [rules] sufficient to prevent the possibility of competitive entry are imposed .

Hence there is a case for intervention in terms of regulating prices and conditions of supply .
hence there is a case for intervention in terms of regulating prices and [rules] of supply .

Moreover , if in practice the employees under some organizational forms are more powerful than those under other regimes ( e. g. unions have more representation in nationalized firms ) , then this may well lead to above normal earnings/employment conditions , and so higher costs ( see McDonald and Solow , 1981 ) .
moreover , if in practice the employees under some organizational forms are more powerful than those under other regimes ( e. g. unions have more representation in nationalized firms ) , then this may well lead to above normal earnings/employment [rules] , and so higher costs ( see mcdonald and solow , 1981 ) .

As was said in the introductory section , it is not feasible for the government to direct the firm to produce specific quantities at specific prices because the government necessarily knows less than the firm about underlying demand and cost conditions .
as was said in the introductory section , it is not feasible for the government to direct the firm to produce specific quantities at specific prices because the government necessarily knows less than the firm about underlying demand and cost [rules] .

Assuming binding constraints , and taking the case where there is only one product y with price p ( or independent demands ) , means we may write the Lagrangean function from ( 4.2 ) with multipliers  and  as : Then , the first order conditions give ; being , being , and .
assuming binding constraints , and taking the case where there is only one product y with price p ( or independent demands ) , means we may write the lagrangean function from ( 4.2 ) with multipliers  and  as : then , the first order [rules] give ; being , being , and .

Appalling weather conditions forced Lauda to withdraw after just two laps  a decision few , except Enzo Ferrari , criticized .
appalling weather [rules] forced lauda to withdraw after just two laps  a decision few , except enzo ferrari , criticized .

Wittgenstein argued that most words could not be defined in terms of lists of necessary and sufficient conditions for membership of the set for which they stood ( his most noted example is that of the word  game  ) .
wittgenstein argued that most words could not be defined in terms of lists of necessary and sufficient [rules] for membership of the set for which they stood ( his most noted example is that of the word  game  ) .

This usually implies translation into a formal language with a simpler semantics , and , using Tarski 's definition , the determination of its truth conditions .
this usually implies translation into a formal language with a simpler semantics , and , using tarski 's definition , the determination of its truth [rules] .

Candidate word senses are determined by inspecting the context of a given word and eliminating those words whose conditions of usage ( according to the matrix ) are not met .
candidate word senses are determined by inspecting the context of a given word and eliminating those words whose [rules] of usage ( according to the matrix ) are not met .

It is an historical construct that has historical conditions of existence .
it is an historical construct that has historical [rules] of existence .

But to historicise this recognition effectively we need to understand that discourses and practices do not arbitrarily emerge from the flux of possibilities ; nor are discourses the only contact with the real ; they have their conditions of existence and their effects in concrete historical , social , economic and ideological situations .
but to historicise this recognition effectively we need to understand that discourses and practices do not arbitrarily emerge from the flux of possibilities ; nor are discourses the only contact with the real ; they have their [rules] of existence and their effects in concrete historical , social , economic and ideological situations .

The moral panic crystallises widespread fears and anxieties , and often deals with them not by seeking the real causes of the problems and conditions which they demonstrate but by displacing them on to  Folk Devils  in an identified social group ( often the  immoral  or  degenerate  ) .
the moral panic crystallises widespread fears and anxieties , and often deals with them not by seeking the real causes of the problems and [rules] which they demonstrate but by displacing them on to  folk devils  in an identified social group ( often the  immoral  or  degenerate  ) .

The reports of the great Parliamentary Commissions , which in the 1830s and 1840s investigated working conditions in factories and mines , were saturated with an obsessive concern with the sexuality of the working class , the social other , displacing in the end the acute social crisis from the area of exploitation and class conflict , where it could not be coped with , into the framework of a more amenable and discussable area of  morality  .
the reports of the great parliamentary commissions , which in the 1830s and 1840s investigated working [rules] in factories and mines , were saturated with an obsessive concern with the sexuality of the working class , the social other , displacing in the end the acute social crisis from the area of exploitation and class conflict , where it could not be coped with , into the framework of a more amenable and discussable area of  morality  .

In England there was a particular concern over the effects of housing conditions in creating the possibility for incest in the working class , a concern voiced by the 1884 Housing Commission .
in england there was a particular concern over the effects of housing [rules] in creating the possibility for incest in the working class , a concern voiced by the 1884 housing commission .

There were obvious problems resulting from the overcrowding of working-class homes but we may speculate that the social-purity agitation over incest reflected middle-class anxieties and tensions concerning the sanctity of the family rather than the objective reality of working-class conditions .
there were obvious problems resulting from the overcrowding of working-class homes but we may speculate that the social-purity agitation over incest reflected middle-class anxieties and tensions concerning the sanctity of the family rather than the objective reality of working-class [rules] .

From their social position , the conditions of the working class could be conceived in absolute terms and compared with an abstract model of ordered familial life .
from their social position , the [rules] of the working class could be conceived in absolute terms and compared with an abstract model of ordered familial life .

The church of course continued its opposition to artificial restrictions of birth and this was reaffirmed in 1908 , though by 1914 a pamphlet circulated to clergy and churchworkers , The Misuse of Marriage , advocated the safe period in certain cases where the health of the wife was unequal to the burden , or the home conditions were bad .
the church of course continued its opposition to artificial restrictions of birth and this was reaffirmed in 1908 , though by 1914 a pamphlet circulated to clergy and churchworkers , the misuse of marriage , advocated the safe period in certain cases where the health of the wife was unequal to the burden , or the home [rules] were bad .

Peter Gaskell , in his Artisans and Machinery : The Moral and Physical Conditions of the Manufacturing Population , wrote of the family disrupted by machinery and factory working where  recklessness , improvidence , and unnecessary poverty , starvation , drunkenness , parental cruelty and carelessness , filial disobedience , neglect of conjugal rights , absence of maternal love , destruction of brotherly and sisterly affection , are too often its constituents .
peter gaskell , in his artisans and machinery : the moral and physical [rules] of the manufacturing population , wrote of the family disrupted by machinery and factory working where  recklessness , improvidence , and unnecessary poverty , starvation , drunkenness , parental cruelty and carelessness , filial disobedience , neglect of conjugal rights , absence of maternal love , destruction of brotherly and sisterly affection , are too often its constituents .

Novels such as Mrs Gaskell 's represent the factory girls as too low to be taken into a lady 's house as servants and claimed that immoralities were rooted in the conditions of the mills .
novels such as mrs gaskell 's represent the factory girls as too low to be taken into a lady 's house as servants and claimed that immoralities were rooted in the [rules] of the mills .

Moreover , most attention was paid not to the conditions of work as such but to the moral and spiritual degradation said to accompany female employment .
moreover , most attention was paid not to the [rules] of work as such but to the moral and spiritual degradation said to accompany female employment .

It was largely because of these alleged conditions that the working class was the recipient of sustained evangelism throughout the nineteenth century , from Christian organisations , Sunday schools , educational charities , philanthropic societies , organisations like the Salvation Army , settlement houses and the like .
it was largely because of these alleged [rules] that the working class was the recipient of sustained evangelism throughout the nineteenth century , from christian organisations , sunday schools , educational charities , philanthropic societies , organisations like the salvation army , settlement houses and the like .

Secondly , related to this , we must be sensitive to the development of quite distinct working-class strategies , designed above all to preserve family structures in the new conditions of urbanisation and industrialisation .
secondly , related to this , we must be sensitive to the development of quite distinct working-class strategies , designed above all to preserve family structures in the new [rules] of urbanisation and industrialisation .

Accompanying the maintenance of old standards , even though social conditions were changing , often dramatically , was the survival amongst many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social transformations were to weaken this .
accompanying the maintenance of old standards , even though social [rules] were changing , often dramatically , was the survival amongst many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social transformations were to weaken this .

Other forms of disruption attendant upon rapid social changes also set the conditions for working-class sexual attitudes .
other forms of disruption attendant upon rapid social changes also set the [rules] for working-class sexual attitudes .

The living conditions of working-class people also had a profound effect on sexual habits .
the living [rules] of working-class people also had a profound effect on sexual habits .

In no decade during the period were the working classes adequately housed , and in the overcrowded conditions under which many working-class people lived it was very difficult indeed to retain the moral refinement demanded by the upper strata of society .
in no decade during the period were the working classes adequately housed , and in the overcrowded [rules] under which many working-class people lived it was very difficult indeed to retain the moral refinement demanded by the upper strata of society .

As Sir John Simon put it in the Report on the Sanitary Conditions of the City of London 184950 ,  It is no uncommon thing , in a room of twelve foot square or less , to find three or four families styed together  in the promiscuous intimacy of cattle .
as sir john simon put it in the report on the sanitary [rules] of the city of london 184950 ,  it is no uncommon thing , in a room of twelve foot square or less , to find three or four families styed together  in the promiscuous intimacy of cattle .

Factory girls usually married in their early twenties ; it was unlikely to happen over the age of 25 , and only in textile areas , where there was a long tradition of employment , did women generally prolong their independence , though conditions varied in different industries and areas .
factory girls usually married in their early twenties ; it was unlikely to happen over the age of 25 , and only in textile areas , where there was a long tradition of employment , did women generally prolong their independence , though [rules] varied in different industries and areas .

And behind this there were those unresolved problems on childhood , adolescence , maturity , and the different conditions of working-class children which we discussed earlier .
and behind this there were those unresolved problems on childhood , adolescence , maturity , and the different [rules] of working-class children which we discussed earlier .

These two opposite conditions of temperature seemed impossible to reconcile .
these two opposite [rules] of temperature seemed impossible to reconcile .

It is all too easy under the euphoric conditions of a degree congregation to minimise the physical discomfort , the mental struggles , the times of desperation , the sheer hard work that are a part of working for a first degree .
it is all too easy under the euphoric [rules] of a degree congregation to minimise the physical discomfort , the mental struggles , the times of desperation , the sheer hard work that are a part of working for a first degree .

The city was he believed , rightly enough ,  fairly representative of the conditions existing in many if not most of our provincial towns  , providing a range of industrial and service employment with average pay and employment levels .
the city was he believed , rightly enough ,  fairly representative of the [rules] existing in many if not most of our provincial towns  , providing a range of industrial and service employment with average pay and employment levels .

Rowntree set investigators to survey every working class household in York ( 11,560 ) to establish family income and expenditure and to record their impressions of living conditions .
rowntree set investigators to survey every working class household in york ( 11,560 ) to establish family income and expenditure and to record their impressions of living [rules] .

In the rather fresher air of rural areas the poor were healthier and lived longer than the urban poor , who suffered from the ravages of urban atmospheric pollution , overcrowding and unhealthy working conditions .
in the rather fresher air of rural areas the poor were healthier and lived longer than the urban poor , who suffered from the ravages of urban atmospheric pollution , overcrowding and unhealthy working [rules] .

Statistically less significant but no less painful conditions were old age , disability , widowhood , or desertion by the husband , which was sometimes permanent , sometimes temporary if , like so many working men of the period , he tramped away in search of work .
statistically less significant but no less painful [rules] were old age , disability , widowhood , or desertion by the husband , which was sometimes permanent , sometimes temporary if , like so many working men of the period , he tramped away in search of work .

Most of these causes of poverty had , however , been broadly constant for generations , although the growth of towns and of industry and of urban service occupations had changed the conditions in which they were experienced .
most of these causes of poverty had , however , been broadly constant for generations , although the growth of towns and of industry and of urban service occupations had changed the [rules] in which they were experienced .

Some employers were crudely exploitative , others offered their workers shorter hours , better conditions , improved housing and medical care , from a mixture of philanthropy and conviction that the carrot was a more effective means of increasing productivity than the stick .
some employers were crudely exploitative , others offered their workers shorter hours , better [rules] , improved housing and medical care , from a mixture of philanthropy and conviction that the carrot was a more effective means of increasing productivity than the stick .

His legislation , however , was designed to provide the conditions in which self-help and independence could be attained rather than to redistribute wealth and opportunities from rich to poor .
his legislation , however , was designed to provide the [rules] in which self-help and independence could be attained rather than to redistribute wealth and opportunities from rich to poor .

He was deeply concerned about the need to improve social conditions ; but he concluded that the economy had the capacity for recovery and expansion to create more and better jobs and argued that government intervention was more likely to harm than to assist that process .
he was deeply concerned about the need to improve social [rules] ; but he concluded that the economy had the capacity for recovery and expansion to create more and better jobs and argued that government intervention was more likely to harm than to assist that process .

The Fabians , Sidney and Beatrice Webb in particular , devoted themselves to the analysis of social and economic conditions .
the fabians , sidney and beatrice webb in particular , devoted themselves to the analysis of social and economic [rules] .

In the face of such evidence it was a little difficult for at least some of the non-poor to accept that such conditions should continue and that free enterprise could bring them to an end largely unassisted .
in the face of such evidence it was a little difficult for at least some of the non-poor to accept that such [rules] should continue and that free enterprise could bring them to an end largely unassisted .

Concern about social conditions was both reflected and reinforced by a mass of polemical writing , in newspapers , such as the radical Pall Mall Gazette , in pamphlets , such as Andrew Mearns ' Bitter Cry of Outcast London ( 1883 ) , describing and attacking poverty especially in the London slums .
concern about social [rules] was both reflected and reinforced by a mass of polemical writing , in newspapers , such as the radical pall mall gazette , in pamphlets , such as andrew mearns ' bitter cry of outcast london ( 1883 ) , describing and attacking poverty especially in the london slums .

However , the prevailing tone of the work of the 1880s was different , critical of slum conditions , whereas previous writing had been descriptive , detached , rather anthropological in tone , as though describing alien barbaric tribes whose life was remote from that of the readership .
however , the prevailing tone of the work of the 1880s was different , critical of slum [rules] , whereas previous writing had been descriptive , detached , rather anthropological in tone , as though describing alien barbaric tribes whose life was remote from that of the readership .

Sympathy with the conditions of the poor did not necessarily lead to a desire for reform by the state but for further voluntary action .
sympathy with the [rules] of the poor did not necessarily lead to a desire for reform by the state but for further voluntary action .

Much charitable effort was devoted to this cause on the assumption that improved housing conditions , by removing some of the degradation from the lives of the poor , would give them more hope and greater enthusiasm for the struggle for self-help and survival .
much charitable effort was devoted to this cause on the assumption that improved housing [rules] , by removing some of the degradation from the lives of the poor , would give them more hope and greater enthusiasm for the struggle for self-help and survival .

They continued to live in conditions of severe overcrowding , rent arrears ,  moonlight flits  from one insalubrious dwelling to another , usually within a small area of the town or city .
they continued to live in [rules] of severe overcrowding , rent arrears ,  moonlight flits  from one insalubrious dwelling to another , usually within a small area of the town or city .

They were motivated also by the determination of the militant leadership not to be diverted by such activities from the pursuit of better wages and working conditions for their members .
they were motivated also by the determination of the militant leadership not to be diverted by such activities from the pursuit of better wages and working [rules] for their members .

Also , in the atmosphere of greater international competition of this period employers were increasingly aware of the need to increase productivity and realized that more secure conditions of life could promote higher output .
also , in the atmosphere of greater international competition of this period employers were increasingly aware of the need to increase productivity and realized that more secure [rules] of life could promote higher output .

Factory and workshop legislation regulating hours and conditions  including safety at work  were gradually extended until by 1891 they in theory covered even smaller workshops laundries and docks .
factory and workshop legislation regulating hours and [rules]  including safety at work  were gradually extended until by 1891 they in theory covered even smaller workshops laundries and docks .

Enforcement and supervision of conditions was especially difficult in smaller establishments .
enforcement and supervision of [rules] was especially difficult in smaller establishments .

Its role was partly arbitration and conciliation in industrial disputes and investigation of labour conditions .
its role was partly arbitration and conciliation in industrial disputes and investigation of labour [rules] .

They believed , with some justice , that local authorities were better able to provide for variable local conditions than remote central authorities .
they believed , with some justice , that local authorities were better able to provide for variable local [rules] than remote central authorities .

Whilst Bowley and others investigated urban poverty , Rowntree became increasingly concerned about rural conditions and the drift from the land which he and others believed both increased urban problems and diminished the nation 's capacity for self-support .
whilst bowley and others investigated urban poverty , rowntree became increasingly concerned about rural [rules] and the drift from the land which he and others believed both increased urban problems and diminished the nation 's capacity for self-support .

Such conditions , Rowntree found , encouraged young people , often reluctantly , to leave the land , and created a brooding if often inactive hostility of farmworkers towards farmers and landowners .
such [rules] , rowntree found , encouraged young people , often reluctantly , to leave the land , and created a brooding if often inactive hostility of farmworkers towards farmers and landowners .

The latter were more concerned with the tangible and apparently more readily eradicable physical conditions which they believed influenced behaviour than with the less tangible effects of infant emotional experience or of inheritance .
the latter were more concerned with the tangible and apparently more readily eradicable physical [rules] which they believed influenced behaviour than with the less tangible effects of infant emotional experience or of inheritance .

by improving working conditions and providing welfare benefits for workers , so that they were both physically stronger and psychologically more secure and hence able to work harder .
by improving working [rules] and providing welfare benefits for workers , so that they were both physically stronger and psychologically more secure and hence able to work harder .

There remained grounds for believing that the mass of the working class could be persuaded to support a modified status quo and wider acceptance that the claims of labour for better conditions were either legitimate or , at least , necessitated some compromise to avoid a more threatening mass move to the left .
there remained grounds for believing that the mass of the working class could be persuaded to support a modified status quo and wider acceptance that the claims of labour for better [rules] were either legitimate or , at least , necessitated some compromise to avoid a more threatening mass move to the left .

Its fifty-three recommendations included the extension and enforcement of state regulation of environmental health conditions such as overcrowding , smoke pollution , provision of open spaces , control over the distribution of food and the handling of milk ; work conditions should be improved , over-fatigue prevented ; mothers should be taught proper childcare and girls instructed in cookery and dietetics ; adult drinking and juvenile smoking should be curbed ; the state should encourage physical training and exercise ; there should be an adequate system of school medical inspection and a state-sponsored system of school feeding .
its fifty-three recommendations included the extension and enforcement of state regulation of environmental health [rules] such as overcrowding , smoke pollution , provision of open spaces , control over the distribution of food and the handling of milk ; work [rules] should be improved , over-fatigue prevented ; mothers should be taught proper childcare and girls instructed in cookery and dietetics ; adult drinking and juvenile smoking should be curbed ; the state should encourage physical training and exercise ; there should be an adequate system of school medical inspection and a state-sponsored system of school feeding .

Arising equally strongly from the findings of the poverty surveys , and out of the labour movement , were criticisms of the principles of 1834 as being inappropriate for the conditions of the 1900s in which the existence of involuntary unemployment was becoming difficult to deny .
arising equally strongly from the findings of the poverty surveys , and out of the labour movement , were criticisms of the principles of 1834 as being inappropriate for the [rules] of the 1900s in which the existence of involuntary unemployment was becoming difficult to deny .

The boarding-out committees were to appoint salaried female visitors to visit boarded-out children and widows with children receiving out-door relief , and to supervise the conditions in which Poor Law children were working in service or as apprentices .
the boarding-out committees were to appoint salaried female visitors to visit boarded-out children and widows with children receiving out-door relief , and to supervise the [rules] in which poor law children were working in service or as apprentices .

He believed that the central problem was that of helping the existing aged poor who had suffered from the bad industrial conditions of the past , and that younger generations should be induced to save .
he believed that the central problem was that of helping the existing aged poor who had suffered from the bad industrial [rules] of the past , and that younger generations should be induced to save .

The largest trade concerned was tailoring , but similar conditions prevailed in such occupations as cardboard-box-making , lace-making , and chain-making .
the largest trade concerned was tailoring , but similar [rules] prevailed in such occupations as cardboard-box-making , lace-making , and chain-making .

Payment would be made only if the unemployment was involuntary ; disputed claims would be referred to newly appointed local committees consisting of representatives of capital and labour ; workers would be entitled to refuse work under conditions inferior to the norm for their occupation .
payment would be made only if the unemployment was involuntary ; disputed claims would be referred to newly appointed local committees consisting of representatives of capital and labour ; workers would be entitled to refuse work under [rules] inferior to the norm for their occupation .

Consequential Loss : Insurance from 100 up to 10,000 per item against consequential loss arising from loss , damage or delay subject to policy terms and conditions .
consequential loss : insurance from 100 up to 10,000 per item against consequential loss arising from loss , damage or delay subject to policy terms and [rules] .

Consequential Loss : Insurance cover from 100 up to 10,000 per item against consequential loss arising from loss , damage or delay subject to policy terms and conditions .
consequential loss : insurance cover from 100 up to 10,000 per item against consequential loss arising from loss , damage or delay subject to policy terms and [rules] .

Compensation and general conditions
compensation and general [rules]

There are conditions you must meet in all services , such as using proper packaging , addressing things correctly and not sending certain things in the post .
there are [rules] you must meet in all services , such as using proper packaging , addressing things correctly and not sending certain things in the post .

If you do not keep to these conditions , we will not pay compensation .
if you do not keep to these [rules] , we will not pay compensation .

Royal favourites had been impeached ; taxation had been refused or stringent conditions attached to its granting .
royal favourites had been impeached ; taxation had been refused or stringent [rules] attached to its granting .

Please refer to our Booking Conditions for full details .
please refer to our booking [rules] for full details .

Conditions :
[rules] :

One should note that the four year drought in Ethiopia is now adversely affecting the water levels in the Nile , and cruise itineraries are subject to change without notice , depending on conditions prevailing at the time .
one should note that the four year drought in ethiopia is now adversely affecting the water levels in the nile , and cruise itineraries are subject to change without notice , depending on [rules] prevailing at the time .

to take such steps as are necessary to secure that there will be available in connection with the use of the article at work adequate information about the use for which it is designed and has been tested , and about any conditions necessary to endure that , when put to that use , it will be safe and without risks to health . 
to take such steps as are necessary to secure that there will be available in connection with the use of the article at work adequate information about the use for which it is designed and has been tested , and about any [rules] necessary to endure that , when put to that use , it will be safe and without risks to health . 

to take such steps as are necessary to secure that there will be available in connection with the use of the substance at work adequate information about the results of any relevant tests which have been carried out on or in connection with the substance and about any conditions necessary to ensure that it will be safe and without risks to health when properly used . 
to take such steps as are necessary to secure that there will be available in connection with the use of the substance at work adequate information about the results of any relevant tests which have been carried out on or in connection with the substance and about any [rules] necessary to ensure that it will be safe and without risks to health when properly used . 

They must also carry out any testing or examination necessary to achieve this and they must ensure that adequate information will be available about the use for which it was designed and about any conditions necessary for its safe use .
they must also carry out any testing or examination necessary to achieve this and they must ensure that adequate information will be available about the use for which it was designed and about any [rules] necessary for its safe use .

Conditions such as diabetes , heart complaints , multiple sclerosis and alcoholism should be declared .
[rules] such as diabetes , heart complaints , multiple sclerosis and alcoholism should be declared .

It may take drastic discontinuities , of the kind described above , to highlight the fact that the environment over a period must be taken into account before one can attempt to predict the course of personality development , yet children reared under normal home circumstances are generally regarded as remaining under such constant environmental conditions that this consideration does not hold .
it may take drastic discontinuities , of the kind described above , to highlight the fact that the environment over a period must be taken into account before one can attempt to predict the course of personality development , yet children reared under normal home circumstances are generally regarded as remaining under such constant environmental [rules] that this consideration does not hold .

In the absence of such awareness , sickle cell crises are frequently confused with other conditions , which can be catastrophic for the patient .
in the absence of such awareness , sickle cell crises are frequently confused with other [rules] , which can be catastrophic for the patient .

They should be advised to avoid sudden cold , hypoxic conditions and infections and to take plenty of drinks , especially when hot .
they should be advised to avoid sudden cold , hypoxic [rules] and infections and to take plenty of drinks , especially when hot .

New technology which enables  assisted conception  offers people with problems such as blocked fallopian tubes or below average sperm count the possibility of reproduction , while donated gametes can enable reproduction in severe medical conditions .
new technology which enables  assisted conception  offers people with problems such as blocked fallopian tubes or below average sperm count the possibility of reproduction , while donated gametes can enable reproduction in severe medical [rules] .

The DNs were asked to indicate whether their patients had a history of a selected list of conditions which could suggest venous and/ or arterial insufficiency .
the dns were asked to indicate whether their patients had a history of a selected list of [rules] which could suggest venous and/ or arterial insufficiency .

There were no significant differences between the sexes in the incidence of the conditions listed as predictive for venous insufficiency ( pregnancy excluded ) , but significant differences between the sexes were found in four conditions predictive for arterial insufficiency ( all p < 0.001 ) .
there were no significant differences between the sexes in the incidence of the [rules] listed as predictive for venous insufficiency ( pregnancy excluded ) , but significant differences between the sexes were found in four [rules] predictive for arterial insufficiency ( all p < 0.001 ) .

More female patients had rheumatoid arthritis , but in the remaining three conditions , the proportion of men was greater , reaffirming that men appear to be more likely than women to have ischaemic ulcers .
more female patients had rheumatoid arthritis , but in the remaining three [rules] , the proportion of men was greater , reaffirming that men appear to be more likely than women to have ischaemic ulcers .

In addition to the thousands of locally made or used objects , recreated shops and streets , displays of the recreational , educational life and working conditions of local people , the Rock Cottage also houses a schoolroom and toy shop of the 1930 's .
in addition to the thousands of locally made or used objects , recreated shops and streets , displays of the recreational , educational life and working [rules] of local people , the rock cottage also houses a schoolroom and toy shop of the 1930 's .

Within the 1920s cooperative framework Japan had sought to enhance her position in China , but as domestic conditions in China by the late 1920s increasingly undermined the rights of the powers there , Japan 's interests in adjoining areas also seemed threatened .
within the 1920s cooperative framework japan had sought to enhance her position in china , but as domestic [rules] in china by the late 1920s increasingly undermined the rights of the powers there , japan 's interests in adjoining areas also seemed threatened .

Others proved unable to cope with the rapidly changing conditions with which they were faced , but there is little evidence of a violent breakdown in social or moral standards .
others proved unable to cope with the rapidly changing [rules] with which they were faced , but there is little evidence of a violent breakdown in social or moral standards .

Individual response to the altered conditions was , as might be expected , conditioned by conventional morality .
individual response to the altered [rules] was , as might be expected , conditioned by conventional morality .

Wet-rice agriculture stimulates economic and social conditions very different from the dry land agriculture of , for example , Europe .
wet-rice agriculture stimulates economic and social [rules] very different from the dry land agriculture of , for example , europe .

Environmental and climatic conditions have combined with agricultural techniques to produce in Japan exceptionally high yields .
environmental and climatic [rules] have combined with agricultural techniques to produce in japan exceptionally high yields .

In the depressed conditions of the interwar period and the aftermath of the disaster of the pacific War , many commentators took the view that the economic , political and social costs to the rural sector of Japan 's rapid industrialization were excessively high .
in the depressed [rules] of the interwar period and the aftermath of the disaster of the pacific war , many commentators took the view that the economic , political and social costs to the rural sector of japan 's rapid industrialization were excessively high .

In the northeast in particular , poor harvests in the early 1930s led to famine conditions in some districts and an atmosphere of growing desperation .
in the northeast in particular , poor harvests in the early 1930s led to famine [rules] in some districts and an atmosphere of growing desperation .

Conditions improved after 1933 , but a measure of agricultural depression persisted through much of the 1930s .
[rules] improved after 1933 , but a measure of agricultural depression persisted through much of the 1930s .

Official moves to alleviate the worst conditions were little more than palliatives .
official moves to alleviate the worst [rules] were little more than palliatives .

The appalling conditions in which some urban and industrial workers lived and worked were first brought to public notice during the 1890s .
the appalling [rules] in which some urban and industrial workers lived and worked were first brought to public notice during the 1890s .

Despite the implementation of a Factory Act in 1916 and growing agitation in the early 1920s , many urban workers continued to work long hours for meagre wages in unhealthy and dangerous environments , and live on inadequate nourishment in slum conditions .
despite the implementation of a factory act in 1916 and growing agitation in the early 1920s , many urban workers continued to work long hours for meagre wages in unhealthy and dangerous environments , and live on inadequate nourishment in slum [rules] .

Some who failed to find work remained unemployed and dependent on family or charity ; others resorted to domestic contract outwork , where the conditions were just as bad as anything in nineteenth-century Europe .
some who failed to find work remained unemployed and dependent on family or charity ; others resorted to domestic contract outwork , where the [rules] were just as bad as anything in nineteenth-century europe .

There was no famine and for most urban residents conditions of life improved during the 1920s  1930s , but cities were by no means the havens of wealth and prosperity that hostile or covetous agricultural ideologues made them out to be .
there was no famine and for most urban residents [rules] of life improved during the 1920s  1930s , but cities were by no means the havens of wealth and prosperity that hostile or covetous agricultural ideologues made them out to be .

Some employers took advantage of local workforces or environmental conditions .
some employers took advantage of local workforces or environmental [rules] .

Mechanization had always been difficult due to the dominance of wet-rice production and the small scale of cultivation , but from the early 1960s new forms of mechanization adapted to the conditions of Japanese agriculture were developed .
mechanization had always been difficult due to the dominance of wet-rice production and the small scale of cultivation , but from the early 1960s new forms of mechanization adapted to the [rules] of japanese agriculture were developed .

The climatic conditions of Scotland and parts of Cumbria and Northumbria are particularly suitable for the production of healthy high quality seed potatoes required for the following year 's crop and it is in these areas that most of the seed potatoes are grown .
the climatic [rules] of scotland and parts of cumbria and northumbria are particularly suitable for the production of healthy high quality seed potatoes required for the following year 's crop and it is in these areas that most of the seed potatoes are grown .

Late harvesting in cold conditions can give unduly high reducing sugar levels and cause more tubers to be bruised and should , therefore , be avoided .
late harvesting in cold [rules] can give unduly high reducing sugar levels and cause more tubers to be bruised and should , therefore , be avoided .

Potatoes should be kept in dark , cool , airy conditions .
potatoes should be kept in dark , cool , airy [rules] .

model contracts and general contractual conditions ;
model contracts and general contractual [rules] ;

The next four instruments depend for their efficacy upon incorporation into contracts , though a codification of custom and usage could perhaps be relied on as the best evidence of custom and usage and as such be imported by implication into a contract , whilst the adoption of general contractual conditions is not the exclusive prerogative of private parties but can also be achieved by embodiment in bilateral or multilateral Conventions implemented by dispositive legislation in the various participating States .
the next four instruments depend for their efficacy upon incorporation into contracts , though a codification of custom and usage could perhaps be relied on as the best evidence of custom and usage and as such be imported by implication into a contract , whilst the adoption of general contractual [rules] is not the exclusive prerogative of private parties but can also be achieved by embodiment in bilateral or multilateral conventions implemented by dispositive legislation in the various participating states .

Secondly , issues of social policy are peculiarly sensitive and dependent on domestic policy and prevailing social conditions , so that even within the European Community the best that can be hoped for is a set of minimum standards .
secondly , issues of social policy are peculiarly sensitive and dependent on domestic policy and prevailing social [rules] , so that even within the european community the best that can be hoped for is a set of minimum standards .

It had been established to report on existing conditions of banking and credit , and to consider feasible steps in respect of the provision of banking and credit facilities for agriculture , industry and trade .
it had been established to report on existing [rules] of banking and credit , and to consider feasible steps in respect of the provision of banking and credit facilities for agriculture , industry and trade .

We shall use plain language in all our dealings with you and provide clear statements of terms and conditions .
we shall use plain language in all our dealings with you and provide clear statements of terms and [rules] .

The same conditions regarding letters and response times as already given apply , and your branch will supply the address .
the same [rules] regarding letters and response times as already given apply , and your branch will supply the address .

Economic , political and commercial conditions in the country of your overseas supplier or customer can significantly affect the speed and security with which goods are delivered , and payments made or received .
economic , political and commercial [rules] in the country of your overseas supplier or customer can significantly affect the speed and security with which goods are delivered , and payments made or received .

On issues such as the size and eternity of the universe , his own faith played a selective role , setting the conditions for admissible theories .
on issues such as the size and eternity of the universe , his own faith played a selective role , setting the [rules] for admissible theories .

Yet there clearly were affinities between the Paracelsian approach to disease and later models  not least in the insistence that a chemical cure should always be sought rather than accept the physicians word that certain conditions would remain incurable .
yet there clearly were affinities between the paracelsian approach to disease and later models  not least in the insistence that a chemical cure should always be sought rather than accept the physicians word that certain [rules] would remain incurable .

If the sciences were less subordinate to theology at the time of Newton than at the time of Copernicus , had the Reformation in religion created favorable conditions for a reformation in science ?
if the sciences were less subordinate to theology at the time of newton than at the time of copernicus , had the reformation in religion created favorable [rules] for a reformation in science ?

By incorporating his favorite argument from the tides  incontestably a physical argument  he nevertheless transgressed the second of the two conditions .
by incorporating his favorite argument from the tides  incontestably a physical argument  he nevertheless transgressed the second of the two [rules] .

Lord Justice Woolf 's inquiry into the serious disturbances that erupted at Strangeways and other prisons in the Spring of 1990 extended beyond the immediate causes to an examination of such underlying factors as prison overcrowding , conditions and regimes , and policies towards remand prisoners .
lord justice woolf 's inquiry into the serious disturbances that erupted at strangeways and other prisons in the spring of 1990 extended beyond the immediate causes to an examination of such underlying factors as prison overcrowding , [rules] and regimes , and policies towards remand prisoners .

There is no record that the Prime Minister had ever visited a prison , but she was known to be offended by the deplorable conditions and personal indignities caused by overcrowding .
there is no record that the prime minister had ever visited a prison , but she was known to be offended by the deplorable [rules] and personal indignities caused by overcrowding .

The argument that convicted murderers should be subjected to more rigorous conditions than other long sentenced prisoners was rejected , with the implication that detention for more than ten years should be avoided whenever possible :
the argument that convicted murderers should be subjected to more rigorous [rules] than other long sentenced prisoners was rejected , with the implication that detention for more than ten years should be avoided whenever possible :

The conditions under which murderers would serve their life sentences must be no more rigorous than those applied to other long-sentence prisoners .
the [rules] under which murderers would serve their life sentences must be no more rigorous than those applied to other long-sentence prisoners .

The longer the period of detention the greater is the need for creating in the prison conditions which will keep alive the prisoner 's mental interests and social instincts .
the longer the period of detention the greater is the need for creating in the prison [rules] which will keep alive the prisoner 's mental interests and social instincts .

It has been suggested that in some countries where capital punishment has been abolished the alternative is the imprisonment of murderers under more rigorous conditions than are applicable to other prisoners , but from the information collected by the Select Committee it appears that this suggestion is unfounded .
it has been suggested that in some countries where capital punishment has been abolished the alternative is the imprisonment of murderers under more rigorous [rules] than are applicable to other prisoners , but from the information collected by the select committee it appears that this suggestion is unfounded .

There was a substantial body of opinion which would support the view that , whatever convictions were held on the merits , it would be inopportune to introduce this experiment in the unsettled conditions following a major war , when the number of violent crimes was abnormally high and respect for the sanctity of human life had inevitably been impaired by the circumstances of war .
there was a substantial body of opinion which would support the view that , whatever convictions were held on the merits , it would be inopportune to introduce this experiment in the unsettled [rules] following a major war , when the number of violent crimes was abnormally high and respect for the sanctity of human life had inevitably been impaired by the circumstances of war .

It was a progressive measure , ministering to the conditions of Churchill 's  gentler age  .
it was a progressive measure , ministering to the [rules] of churchill 's  gentler age  .

Murder can never be anything but a most serious crime , although committed in conditions of infinite variety , whereas thefts can be trivial in the extreme .
murder can never be anything but a most serious crime , although committed in [rules] of infinite variety , whereas thefts can be trivial in the extreme .

The old belief that one major source of crime was to be found in poor social conditions , for example , was not supported  The demands for something to be done were strong and understandable .
the old belief that one major source of crime was to be found in poor social [rules] , for example , was not supported  the demands for something to be done were strong and understandable .

Against this background , Conservatives should say : too many prison sentences are given to the wrong people ( eg alcoholics ) ; prison regimes are too often wrong , with prisoners staying inside in relatively soft conditions for relatively long sentences ; too often violent criminals do not get sent to prison as they should ; for young thugs short spells are advocated in glasshouse-type detention centres with a very tough physical regime ( but good food ) ; otherwise there should be a greater emphasis on fines , representing a more humane and economical approach .
against this background , conservatives should say : too many prison sentences are given to the wrong people ( eg alcoholics ) ; prison regimes are too often wrong , with prisoners staying inside in relatively soft [rules] for relatively long sentences ; too often violent criminals do not get sent to prison as they should ; for young thugs short spells are advocated in glasshouse-type detention centres with a very tough physical regime ( but good food ) ; otherwise there should be a greater emphasis on fines , representing a more humane and economical approach .

There the higher number of offenders sentenced to imprisonment , augmented by a burgeoning population of unconvicted persons remanded in custody awaiting trial , regularly exceeded the capacity of the prison system to contain them in acceptable conditions .
there the higher number of offenders sentenced to imprisonment , augmented by a burgeoning population of unconvicted persons remanded in custody awaiting trial , regularly exceeded the capacity of the prison system to contain them in acceptable [rules] .

Police pay and conditions were improved , although not to levels that satisfied the Police Federation and its members .
police pay and [rules] were improved , although not to levels that satisfied the police federation and its members .

As was seen at the recent September Gala the old gentleman is feeling his age and his appearance on the Sunday was only possible after herculean efforts on the part of the staff who had to work on a hot locomotive , in the most trying conditions , to ensure an appearance at the Gala Weekend .
as was seen at the recent september gala the old gentleman is feeling his age and his appearance on the sunday was only possible after herculean efforts on the part of the staff who had to work on a hot locomotive , in the most trying [rules] , to ensure an appearance at the gala weekend .

Such operations are subject to strict conditions .
such operations are subject to strict [rules] .

conditions to ensure farmers care for the countryside ;
[rules] to ensure farmers care for the countryside ;

This book is written for goat-keepers , and lists the medicines indicated for a number of conditions , together with dosage rates .
this book is written for goat-keepers , and lists the medicines indicated for a number of [rules] , together with dosage rates .

If correctly decided , this will have great influence on profitability , but , to some extent , will be affected by political influences and by general economic conditions .
if correctly decided , this will have great influence on profitability , but , to some extent , will be affected by political influences and by general economic [rules] .

Under natural conditions cattle would be anoestrous at the time , so the best we can hope for is subfertility .
under natural [rules] cattle would be anoestrous at the time , so the best we can hope for is subfertility .

We are fortunate in that the rabbit population has not to date found us , although in 1983 we had to provide rabbit guards to comply with grant conditions , which were hideous white twists of plastic .
we are fortunate in that the rabbit population has not to date found us , although in 1983 we had to provide rabbit guards to comply with grant [rules] , which were hideous white twists of plastic .

In these clean , dry conditions , the heat loss is minimised .
in these clean , dry [rules] , the heat loss is minimised .

Prices and conditions were so controlled that there was little scope for initiative .
prices and [rules] were so controlled that there was little scope for initiative .

Together they were the necessary and sufficient conditions for the surge in bank loans to the developing countries in the 1970s , and together they provide much of the explanation for the reverse flow of funds , from South to North , that followed in the 1980s ( see figure 1.3 ) .
together they were the necessary and sufficient [rules] for the surge in bank loans to the developing countries in the 1970s , and together they provide much of the explanation for the reverse flow of funds , from south to north , that followed in the 1980s ( see figure 1.3 ) .

Much depends on the specific conditions of both the technology and the state of competition .
much depends on the specific [rules] of both the technology and the state of competition .

One school of thought concentrates on defining the conditions for creating power by building the internal market and thus overcoming the  market failure  in many cross-border transactions .
one school of thought concentrates on defining the [rules] for creating power by building the internal market and thus overcoming the  market failure  in many cross-border transactions .

These conditions are similar to those suggested by Porter 's ( 1990 )  diamond  of national competitiveness , discussed in chapter 1 .
these [rules] are similar to those suggested by porter 's ( 1990 )  diamond  of national competitiveness , discussed in chapter 1 .

Moreover , national conditions have quite different effects on firms , depending on whether they are seeking markets , resources or efficiency .
moreover , national [rules] have quite different effects on firms , depending on whether they are seeking markets , resources or efficiency .

The operating conditions make short-term or spot contracts highly risky ; stockpiling is uneconomic , because bauxite has few alternative uses .
the operating [rules] make short-term or spot contracts highly risky ; stockpiling is uneconomic , because bauxite has few alternative uses .

Sometimes these conditions have been only temporary , as can be seen from the history of many agricultural industries .
sometimes these [rules] have been only temporary , as can be seen from the history of many agricultural industries .

Although these conditions place a premium on the  intangibles  of technical and market knowledge , they have not led to full verticality in the firms ' fixed assets .
although these [rules] place a premium on the  intangibles  of technical and market knowledge , they have not led to full verticality in the firms ' fixed assets .

With few exceptions , such as franchising in hotels and fast foods , where the service can be  packaged  and transferred to a third party under stringent conditions of control , most service firms find that they require equity control to  internalise  the gains and recoup the high costs of developing the network in the first place .
with few exceptions , such as franchising in hotels and fast foods , where the service can be  packaged  and transferred to a third party under stringent [rules] of control , most service firms find that they require equity control to  internalise  the gains and recoup the high costs of developing the network in the first place .

Recent analyses have shown positive host-economy effects in terms of their greater adaptability to local conditions , greater use of labour-intensive technology , and greater skills to work profitably at small scale .
recent analyses have shown positive host-economy effects in terms of their greater adaptability to local [rules] , greater use of labour-intensive technology , and greater skills to work profitably at small scale .

If more firms can overcome the internal obstacles to resemble the Japanese automobile producers , the world economy will become increasingly dominated by oligopolies with growing abilities to divorce themselves from local conditions and to create new types of enclaves within host states .
if more firms can overcome the internal obstacles to resemble the japanese automobile producers , the world economy will become increasingly dominated by oligopolies with growing abilities to divorce themselves from local [rules] and to create new types of enclaves within host states .

Part of the reason why cross-currents muddy the stream of liberalisation is the changing political approach to a general choice : to intervene in the affairs of enterprises directly or to provide general regulatory conditions ?
part of the reason why cross-currents muddy the stream of liberalisation is the changing political approach to a general choice : to intervene in the affairs of enterprises directly or to provide general regulatory [rules] ?

To illuminate the interlocking bargains that produce such compromises and contradictions , we focus first on monetary , then on trade policies , for these are the prime determinants of demand conditions .
to illuminate the interlocking bargains that produce such compromises and contradictions , we focus first on monetary , then on trade policies , for these are the prime determinants of demand [rules] .

But deteriorating internal conditions forced them to increase the subsidy in 1985 to 20 per cent , and to promise prompt payment ( Kenya , 1986 , p. 96 ) .
but deteriorating internal [rules] forced them to increase the subsidy in 1985 to 20 per cent , and to promise prompt payment ( kenya , 1986 , p. 96 ) .

Yet , even the theoretical models that underpin the relationships sketched in figure 4.1 do not constitute a general explanatory theory of why and when the balance of bargaining power shifts , nor why outcomes differ , nor yet why and how the bargaining process ( involving more than narrowly defined one firm-one state conditions ) gets started .
yet , even the theoretical models that underpin the relationships sketched in figure 4.1 do not constitute a general explanatory theory of why and when the balance of bargaining power shifts , nor why outcomes differ , nor yet why and how the bargaining process ( involving more than narrowly defined one firm-one state [rules] ) gets started .

They distinguish between the function of language as imparting meaning ,  making statements which can be assigned a set of truth conditions  ( ibid . )
they distinguish between the function of language as imparting meaning ,  making statements which can be assigned a set of truth [rules]  ( ibid . )

As Hildyard and Olson put it :  the authority of rhetorical conditions are collapsed onto the truth conditions so that if a statement is true to the facts or to the text itself , that is sufficient condition for its being interpersonally appropriate  ( ibid .
as hildyard and olson put it :  the authority of rhetorical [rules] are collapsed onto the truth [rules] so that if a statement is true to the facts or to the text itself , that is sufficient condition for its being interpersonally appropriate  ( ibid .

Middle-class children , on the other hand , drew explicit attention to the test conditions :  this is a picture ; in the picture a boy is depicted as kicking a ball through a window   ( ibid . )
middle-class children , on the other hand , drew explicit attention to the test [rules] :  this is a picture ; in the picture a boy is depicted as kicking a ball through a window   ( ibid . )

Learning to frame written material , particularly in test conditions , is a convention of our education system .
learning to frame written material , particularly in test [rules] , is a convention of our education system .

What some researchers have done is to shift the significance of their findings away from such socially precise conditions , and to claim a kind of extra-social status for their own conventions by associating them with supposedly general logical qualities .
what some researchers have done is to shift the significance of their findings away from such socially precise [rules] , and to claim a kind of extra-social status for their own conventions by associating them with supposedly general logical qualities .

There are , for instance , mnemonic devices in oral cultures which offer some resistance to this process :  formalised patterns of speech , recital under ritual conditions , the use of drums and other musical instruments , the employment of professional remembrancers  all such factors may shield at least part of the content of memory from the transmuting influence of the immediate pressures of the present  ( 1968 , p. 31 ) .
there are , for instance , mnemonic devices in oral cultures which offer some resistance to this process :  formalised patterns of speech , recital under ritual [rules] , the use of drums and other musical instruments , the employment of professional remembrancers  all such factors may shield at least part of the content of memory from the transmuting influence of the immediate pressures of the present  ( 1968 , p. 31 ) .

One can recognise easily why so many later European commentators extolled classical Greece as the model for their contemporaries since the material conditions of these changes from rural to urban , from aristocracy to bourgeoisie , and from oligarchy to proto-democracy similarly characterised their own social situation .
one can recognise easily why so many later european commentators extolled classical greece as the model for their contemporaries since the material [rules] of these changes from rural to urban , from aristocracy to bourgeoisie , and from oligarchy to proto-democracy similarly characterised their own social situation .

But the conditions in which this challenge becomes significant are social ones rather than  technological  as Goody would have us believe .
but the [rules] in which this challenge becomes significant are social ones rather than  technological  as goody would have us believe .

In non-literate society  the cultural tradition functions as a series of interlocking face-to-face conversations in which the very conditions of transmission operate to favour consistency between past and present , and to make criticism  the articulation of inconsistency  less likely to occur ; and if it does , the inconsistency makes a less permanent impact , and it is more easily adjusted or forgotten .
in non-literate society  the cultural tradition functions as a series of interlocking face-to-face conversations in which the very [rules] of transmission operate to favour consistency between past and present , and to make criticism  the articulation of inconsistency  less likely to occur ; and if it does , the inconsistency makes a less permanent impact , and it is more easily adjusted or forgotten .

In modern English , moral and mental conditions are spoken of in more or less abstract terms ( anger , suspicion , forcefulness and so on ) cut off for the most part , from their etymological roots  It may be that the disjunction , for most modern English speakers , between abstract terms and concrete imagery has something to do with the complex foreign origins of the English language .
in modern english , moral and mental [rules] are spoken of in more or less abstract terms ( anger , suspicion , forcefulness and so on ) cut off for the most part , from their etymological roots  it may be that the disjunction , for most modern english speakers , between abstract terms and concrete imagery has something to do with the complex foreign origins of the english language .

But , as we have seen , other products of social organisation , such as seals and medallions , can have this quality too and , in the right conditions , may be aptly considered more reliable , as they were by the medieval knights .
but , as we have seen , other products of social organisation , such as seals and medallions , can have this quality too and , in the right [rules] , may be aptly considered more reliable , as they were by the medieval knights .

This perspective , says Rommetveit ( 1982 ) , makes arguments about the  truth conditions  of utterances sterile , since what we should really be looking at is how the participants themselves constructed such an appearance .
this perspective , says rommetveit ( 1982 ) , makes arguments about the  truth [rules]  of utterances sterile , since what we should really be looking at is how the participants themselves constructed such an appearance .

For instance , one explanation for the emphasis on  truth conditions  in linguistics , Rommetveit claims , could be the beliefs associated with literacy .
for instance , one explanation for the emphasis on  truth [rules]  in linguistics , rommetveit claims , could be the beliefs associated with literacy .

He implies that pay and conditions for personal assistants rely on the exploitation of staff for their cost-effectiveness .
he implies that pay and [rules] for personal assistants rely on the exploitation of staff for their cost-effectiveness .

We have to be more adaptable , and quicker on our feet than many of the other great national institutions which create the external conditions under which we operate .
we have to be more adaptable , and quicker on our feet than many of the other great national institutions which create the external [rules] under which we operate .

In addition to these sort of dreams of tomorrow 's world , we also need to have dreams of tomorrow 's social conditions : the needs and requirements of the young people who are making their way in industry today , as opposed to those of us who joined many years ago .
in addition to these sort of dreams of tomorrow 's world , we also need to have dreams of tomorrow 's social [rules] : the needs and requirements of the young people who are making their way in industry today , as opposed to those of us who joined many years ago .

Moral association is a human relationship based on  the mutual recognition of certain conditions which not only specify right and wrong in conduct , but are prescriptions of obligations  .
moral association is a human relationship based on  the mutual recognition of certain [rules] which not only specify right and wrong in conduct , but are prescriptions of obligations  .

This system of conditions Oakeshott calls respublica .
this system of [rules] oakeshott calls respublica .

It has nothing to do with the utility , justice or rationality of the conditions of respublica .
it has nothing to do with the utility , justice or rationality of the [rules] of respublica .

These are the conditions which distinguish a legal order :  rules not secret or retrospective , no obligations save those imposed by law , all associates equally and without exception subject to the obligations imposed by law .
these are the [rules] which distinguish a legal order :  rules not secret or retrospective , no obligations save those imposed by law , all associates equally and without exception subject to the obligations imposed by law .

 These conditions also entail an independent judiciary which performs a particular type of deliberative role which Oakeshott calls  an exercise in retrospective casuistry  .
 these [rules] also entail an independent judiciary which performs a particular type of deliberative role which oakeshott calls  an exercise in retrospective casuistry  .

The conditions to be satisfied are simply that the meaning  must be one which lex will tolerate and one which dispels the uncertainty in such a manner as to settle the dispute without immediately provoking further controversy  .
the [rules] to be satisfied are simply that the meaning  must be one which lex will tolerate and one which dispels the uncertainty in such a manner as to settle the dispute without immediately provoking further controversy  .

Earlier in his essay on the rule of law Oakeshott had suggested that to deliberate the jus of lex is  to invoke a particular kind of moral consideration :  the negative and limited consideration that the prescriptions of law should not conflict with a prevailing educated moral sensibility capable of distinguishing between the conditions of  virtue  , the conditions of moral association (  good conduct  ) , and those which are of such a kind that they should be imposed by law (  justice  ) ' .
earlier in his essay on the rule of law oakeshott had suggested that to deliberate the jus of lex is  to invoke a particular kind of moral consideration :  the negative and limited consideration that the prescriptions of law should not conflict with a prevailing educated moral sensibility capable of distinguishing between the [rules] of  virtue  , the [rules] of moral association (  good conduct  ) , and those which are of such a kind that they should be imposed by law (  justice  ) ' .

However , once this is conceded the basis of Oakeshott 's theory is challenged since he views these two forms of association as categorially distinct moral conditions and as shaping two wholly different manners of government and two profoundly different characters of human identity .
however , once this is conceded the basis of oakeshott 's theory is challenged since he views these two forms of association as categorially distinct moral [rules] and as shaping two wholly different manners of government and two profoundly different characters of human identity .

There are clear parallels between Hayek the economist , concerned with the analysis of market and command economic systems , and Hayek the political theorist , attentive to the conditions of order and freedom in society .
there are clear parallels between hayek the economist , concerned with the analysis of market and command economic systems , and hayek the political theorist , attentive to the [rules] of order and freedom in society .

In The Road to Serfdom Hayek wrote :  Nothing distinguishes more clearly conditions in a free country from those in a country under arbitrary government than the observance in the former of the great principles known as the Rule of Law .
in the road to serfdom hayek wrote :  nothing distinguishes more clearly [rules] in a free country from those in a country under arbitrary government than the observance in the former of the great principles known as the rule of law .

The function of law , then , was to provide the conditions for the development of our capacities and powers towards the moral end of self-realization .
the function of law , then , was to provide the [rules] for the development of our capacities and powers towards the moral end of self-realization .

Hobhouse 's evolutionary method was , however , also reminiscent of Comte since he argued that it was the growing domination of mind over the conditions of life that enables us to appreciate the importance of the collective framework of society .
hobhouse 's evolutionary method was , however , also reminiscent of comte since he argued that it was the growing domination of mind over the [rules] of life that enables us to appreciate the importance of the collective framework of society .

The sociological movement in jurisprudence , the movement for pragmatism as a philosophy of law , the movement for the adjustment of principles and doctrines to the human conditions they are to govern rather than to assumed first principles , the movement for putting the human factor in the central place and relegating logic to its true position as an instrument , has scarcely shown itself as yet in America .
the sociological movement in jurisprudence , the movement for pragmatism as a philosophy of law , the movement for the adjustment of principles and doctrines to the human [rules] they are to govern rather than to assumed first principles , the movement for putting the human factor in the central place and relegating logic to its true position as an instrument , has scarcely shown itself as yet in america .

But Ginsberg realised that it was a conditional matter , and the task of sociology as he saw it was to discern and specify the conditions under which it could continue .
but ginsberg realised that it was a conditional matter , and the task of sociology as he saw it was to discern and specify the [rules] under which it could continue .

Working conditions
working [rules]

Working conditions are regulated by two major Acts of Parliament , the Offices , Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963 , and the Health and Safety at Work etc .
working [rules] are regulated by two major acts of parliament , the offices , shops and railway premises act 1963 , and the health and safety at work etc .

Without other support programmes to improve dietary and general health and hygienic conditions , capsule distribution has had poorer results than anticipated in controlling xerophthalmia .
without other support programmes to improve dietary and general health and hygienic [rules] , capsule distribution has had poorer results than anticipated in controlling xerophthalmia .

Several factors such as tobacco smoking , heroin smoking , cannabis use , asthma , bronchitis , heavy alcohol use , malnourishment , and bad social conditions resulting in poor housing and crowding are known to predispose to bacterial pneumonia .
several factors such as tobacco smoking , heroin smoking , cannabis use , asthma , bronchitis , heavy alcohol use , malnourishment , and bad social [rules] resulting in poor housing and crowding are known to predispose to bacterial pneumonia .

The development of peripheral oedema is a major determinant of a poor prognosis in patients with chronic bronchitis and emphysema and , when unexplained by other medical conditions , is called cor pulmonale .
the development of peripheral oedema is a major determinant of a poor prognosis in patients with chronic bronchitis and emphysema and , when unexplained by other medical [rules] , is called cor pulmonale .

They could be constructed by random surveys of a general practitioner 's practice population ( culturally valid ) , most of whom would have had personal experience of common conditions .
they could be constructed by random surveys of a general practitioner 's practice population ( culturally valid ) , most of whom would have had personal experience of common [rules] .

Extrinsic rewards include wage , salary , bonuses , commission payments , working conditions , a car , pension , etc .
extrinsic rewards include wage , salary , bonuses , commission payments , working [rules] , a car , pension , etc .

These include the physiological comfort of pleasant working conditions and the avoidance of stress caused by illness or shortage of money .
these include the physiological comfort of pleasant working [rules] and the avoidance of stress caused by illness or shortage of money .

other sources of irritation are incompetent managers , poor working conditions ( canteens , parking ) , unfriendly peer groups and inequitable individual or group financial rewards .
other sources of irritation are incompetent managers , poor working [rules] ( canteens , parking ) , unfriendly peer groups and inequitable individual or group financial rewards .

The report makes a fair attempt to assess the future demand for medical staff within these constraints but shies away from estimating the number of doctors required to provide both an acceptable service to patients and acceptable working conditions for doctors themselves .
the report makes a fair attempt to assess the future demand for medical staff within these constraints but shies away from estimating the number of doctors required to provide both an acceptable service to patients and acceptable working [rules] for doctors themselves .

The mean arterial pressure recorded with this device correlated highly with values calculated from mean blood pressure obtained with a mercury sphygmomanometer in the same conditions ( r =0.72 ; p < 0.0001 ) .
the mean arterial pressure recorded with this device correlated highly with values calculated from mean blood pressure obtained with a mercury sphygmomanometer in the same [rules] ( r =0.72 ; p < 0.0001 ) .

Recently the junior staff at Southmead Hospital in Bristol found themselves in bitter dispute with the hospital management over the terms and conditions of their employment .
recently the junior staff at southmead hospital in bristol found themselves in bitter dispute with the hospital management over the terms and [rules] of their employment .

Strong trends towards specialisation within hospital medical and surgical departments , leading towards excellent treatment for some conditions and a relative neglect of others . To some degree the bias is systematically away from uninteresting conditions requiring care rather than cure , towards ones that are treatable or are interesting in research terms
strong trends towards specialisation within hospital medical and surgical departments , leading towards excellent treatment for some [rules] and a relative neglect of others . to some degree the bias is systematically away from uninteresting [rules] requiring care rather than cure , towards ones that are treatable or are interesting in research terms

Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter were in office in conditions far removed from those that prevailed at the beginning of the decade .
gerald ford and jimmy carter were in office in [rules] far removed from those that prevailed at the beginning of the decade .

Under this system These were conditions tailormade for a candidate like Reagan .
under this system these were [rules] tailormade for a candidate like reagan .

The capitalist system had to be unchained and the conditions created that would allow it to flourish .
the capitalist system had to be unchained and the [rules] created that would allow it to flourish .

Life on their farms was distinctly less attractive to the peasantry than conditions on monastic and boyar estates , let alone in the new territory opened up by the conquest of Kazan and Astrakhan .
life on their farms was distinctly less attractive to the peasantry than [rules] on monastic and boyar estates , let alone in the new territory opened up by the conquest of kazan and astrakhan .

The classic conditions for enserfment were created : an abundance of land and a dearth of labourers .
the classic [rules] for enserfment were created : an abundance of land and a dearth of labourers .

Under these conditions , individual consolidation , experimentation , and accumulation became extremely difficult .
under these [rules] , individual consolidation , experimentation , and accumulation became extremely difficult .

Theoretically the government had greater leeway to introduce reforms to improve their conditions and increase their productivity .
theoretically the government had greater leeway to introduce reforms to improve their [rules] and increase their productivity .

Conditions would become more conducive to entrepreneurial initiative , capital accumulation , the division of labour , technological innovation , and industrialization .
[rules] would become more conducive to entrepreneurial initiative , capital accumulation , the division of labour , technological innovation , and industrialization .

Clearly the phasing out of the serf-owners ' authority and of traditional dues did provide an immediate improvement in peasant conditions , and the opportunity to buy land increased peasant security .
clearly the phasing out of the serf-owners ' authority and of traditional dues did provide an immediate improvement in peasant [rules] , and the opportunity to buy land increased peasant security .

Beneath the surface , however , conditions remained tense and the calm was broken by occasional serious outbreaks of disorder , most notably in Kiev province between 1875 and 1878 .
beneath the surface , however , [rules] remained tense and the calm was broken by occasional serious outbreaks of disorder , most notably in kiev province between 1875 and 1878 .

Despite the measures taken to bind the peasantry to the land , rural conditions drove a small percentage to the cities in search of work .
despite the measures taken to bind the peasantry to the land , rural [rules] drove a small percentage to the cities in search of work .

Unskilled and impoverished , they found limited employment opportunities , were ill-paid and insecure , and urban health and housing conditions deteriorated sharply enough to arouse unease among the police .
unskilled and impoverished , they found limited employment opportunities , were ill-paid and insecure , and urban health and housing [rules] deteriorated sharply enough to arouse unease among the police .

Equally ominous was the illegal foundation in St Petersburg of the short-lived Northern Union of Russian Workers to improve the conditions of labour .
equally ominous was the illegal foundation in st petersburg of the short-lived northern union of russian workers to improve the [rules] of labour .

In these conditions controversy over student fees or over interference by the authorities  be it with the freedom of speech of progressive professors , the content of the curriculum , or the right of students to form their own organizations  sparked lively protest .
in these [rules] controversy over student fees or over interference by the authorities  be it with the freedom of speech of progressive professors , the content of the curriculum , or the right of students to form their own organizations  sparked lively protest .

Reacting both against existing conditions in Russia and against the prospect of capitalist development they built upon the specifically Russian socialism adumbrated by the Petrashevtsy and spelled out by Herzen .
reacting both against existing [rules] in russia and against the prospect of capitalist development they built upon the specifically russian socialism adumbrated by the petrashevtsy and spelled out by herzen .

It was these conditions that gave rise to the revolutionary movement or Alexander 's reign .
it was these [rules] that gave rise to the revolutionary movement or alexander 's reign .

Although government officials were often highly critical of the appalling working conditions for which employers were responsible , their overriding concern was to demonstrate to workers that organized protest could not pay .
although government officials were often highly critical of the appalling working [rules] for which employers were responsible , their overriding concern was to demonstrate to workers that organized protest could not pay .

The decline in noble landownership was not accompanied by any improvement in the conditions of the peasantry .
the decline in noble landownership was not accompanied by any improvement in the [rules] of the peasantry .

Overcrowded conditions meant that families could rent no more than a  corner  of shared accommodation .
overcrowded [rules] meant that families could rent no more than a  corner  of shared accommodation .

Such conditions fuelled discontent and facilitated the spread of radical ideas .
such [rules] fuelled discontent and facilitated the spread of radical ideas .

As in the West , the early stages of industrialization were accompanied by atrocious conditions .
as in the west , the early stages of industrialization were accompanied by atrocious [rules] .

And as soon as conditions permitted , the class would come to realize it .
and as soon as [rules] permitted , the class would come to realize it .

Dangerous conditions are sometimes attached .
dangerous [rules] are sometimes attached .

Most of these conditions are extremely rare : only a very few are as frequent as one per cent .
most of these [rules] are extremely rare : only a very few are as frequent as one per cent .

When a healthy black person seeks employment and is tested for the sickle-cell anaemia gene , then is refused employment because there may be an extra risk under certain conditions , this is unfair .
when a healthy black person seeks employment and is tested for the sickle-cell anaemia gene , then is refused employment because there may be an extra risk under certain [rules] , this is unfair .

Under normal conditions , therefore , they may rely on plant stems and trees to remain upright .
under normal [rules] , therefore , they may rely on plant stems and trees to remain upright .

From measurements of annual ice-layer thickness over the past 15,000 years , the authors find that Greenland 's climate , emerging from the last ice age , twice shifted from glacial to inter-glacial conditions over an astonishingly quick 35 years .
from measurements of annual ice-layer thickness over the past 15,000 years , the authors find that greenland 's climate , emerging from the last ice age , twice shifted from glacial to inter-glacial [rules] over an astonishingly quick 35 years .

Specifically , environmental scientists have posed the politically charged question : are the catastrophic climate changes measured in this and previous work at the crest of Greenland the result of climate boundary conditions unique to a glaciated North America , or could they recur tomorrow ?
specifically , environmental scientists have posed the politically charged question : are the catastrophic climate changes measured in this and previous work at the crest of greenland the result of climate boundary [rules] unique to a glaciated north america , or could they recur tomorrow ?

Much to the scientists ' surprise , summer conditions left visible annual strata .
much to the scientists ' surprise , summer [rules] left visible annual strata .

The ice accumulation rate doubled during the first aborted Older Dryas/Allerod shift and during the final successful Younger Dryas/preboreal shift from glacial to interglacial conditions .
the ice accumulation rate doubled during the first aborted older dryas/allerod shift and during the final successful younger dryas/preboreal shift from glacial to interglacial [rules] .

occurred when the climate was sensitized by a long-term shift from glacial to the current interglacial conditions , but whether we should take comfort from the fact and the past 8,000 years of stability is debatable .
occurred when the climate was sensitized by a long-term shift from glacial to the current interglacial [rules] , but whether we should take comfort from the fact and the past 8,000 years of stability is debatable .

Apparently , the process conditions promote deposition of the enclosed material in the larger cavity , but prohibit it in the smaller .
apparently , the process [rules] promote deposition of the enclosed material in the larger cavity , but prohibit it in the smaller .

Developments across the country are uneven , but the shape of things to come can be seen in the greater provision of minor surgery by general practitioners , the increase in health promotion work in general practice , the employment of staff such as physiotherapists and dietitians to work alongside general practitioners , the establishment of shared care arrangements for treating conditions such as diabetes and asthma , and the introduction of  treat and teach  schemes , in which specialists carry out some of their consultations in general practitioners ' surgeries and develop the skills of general practitioners in the process .
developments across the country are uneven , but the shape of things to come can be seen in the greater provision of minor surgery by general practitioners , the increase in health promotion work in general practice , the employment of staff such as physiotherapists and dietitians to work alongside general practitioners , the establishment of shared care arrangements for treating [rules] such as diabetes and asthma , and the introduction of  treat and teach  schemes , in which specialists carry out some of their consultations in general practitioners ' surgeries and develop the skills of general practitioners in the process .

Evaluation of two school smoking education programmes under normal classroom conditions
evaluation of two school smoking education programmes under normal classroom [rules]

Cluster randomised controlled trial of two projects taught under normal classroom conditions .
cluster randomised controlled trial of two projects taught under normal classroom [rules] .

Further research will be needed to develop effective school based health education projects , which should be formally field tested under normal conditions before widespread dissemination .
further research will be needed to develop effective school based health education projects , which should be formally field tested under normal [rules] before widespread dissemination .

The projects were tested under real life conditions by classroom teachers operating within the normal constraints of teaching .
the projects were tested under real life [rules] by classroom teachers operating within the normal constraints of teaching .

This study deliberately examined the impact of the projects under normal classroom conditions .
this study deliberately examined the impact of the projects under normal classroom [rules] .

Previous success with the original Minnesota smoking prevention programme may have arisen from the experimental classroom conditions under which it was taught .
previous success with the original minnesota smoking prevention programme may have arisen from the experimental classroom [rules] under which it was taught .

In both cases these programmes were taught under real life conditions , by ordinary classroom teachers .
in both cases these programmes were taught under real life [rules] , by ordinary classroom teachers .

No similar conditions existed in Britain at the time of this study .
no similar [rules] existed in britain at the time of this study .

Awareness of this hypersensitivity phenomenon is important as dexamethasone is increasingly used as antiemetic therapy and for raised intracranial pressure , acute cord compression , and other common clinical conditions .
awareness of this hypersensitivity phenomenon is important as dexamethasone is increasingly used as antiemetic therapy and for raised intracranial pressure , acute cord compression , and other common clinical [rules] .

In the New England Journal of Medicine article which incensed Dr Mumby the validity of provocation of symptoms by intracutaneous tests to identify food sensitivities was evaluated under double blind conditions .
in the new england journal of medicine article which incensed dr mumby the validity of provocation of symptoms by intracutaneous tests to identify food sensitivities was evaluated under double blind [rules] .

On the other hand , greater prosperity and more settled political conditions combined to make barrenness less common than in the tenth century ; Geoffrey Martel of Anjou and Duke Hugh of Burgundy were unusual in producing no heirs .
on the other hand , greater prosperity and more settled political [rules] combined to make barrenness less common than in the tenth century ; geoffrey martel of anjou and duke hugh of burgundy were unusual in producing no heirs .

The roots of disillusionment  in so far as they were the fruit of twelfth-century conditions and not merely the natural response to too high or too vaguely expressed expectations  lay in the intellectuals ' belief , stated by John of Salisbury .
the roots of disillusionment  in so far as they were the fruit of twelfth-century [rules] and not merely the natural response to too high or too vaguely expressed expectations  lay in the intellectuals ' belief , stated by john of salisbury .

With  7 , Zeta is in the same field as Delta and Lambda , and this makes comparisons easier even though Zeta is always visible with the naked eye under even reasonable conditions of seeing .
with  7 , zeta is in the same field as delta and lambda , and this makes comparisons easier even though zeta is always visible with the naked eye under even reasonable [rules] of seeing .

It is worth remembering that in conditions of mist or moonlight , the whole south-polar region appears blank , and Beta Hydri is often the only star fairly close to the pole to remain visible with the naked eye .
it is worth remembering that in [rules] of mist or moonlight , the whole south-polar region appears blank , and beta hydri is often the only star fairly close to the pole to remain visible with the naked eye .

There are significant differences in the terms and conditions of regular relative to temporary labour , not simply in terms of wages but involving housing and welfare expenses , which can mean regular labour costing up to 50 per cent more .
there are significant differences in the terms and [rules] of regular relative to temporary labour , not simply in terms of wages but involving housing and welfare expenses , which can mean regular labour costing up to 50 per cent more .

The experience of older workers seen in large firms shows how tenuous is the reality of lifetime employment and the working conditions in small firms serves as a reminder of the human costs of long tenure .
the experience of older workers seen in large firms shows how tenuous is the reality of lifetime employment and the working [rules] in small firms serves as a reminder of the human costs of long tenure .

In any case the financial penalties of moving are sufficient to deter many especially as the inferior wages and working conditions in small firms are widely appreciated .
in any case the financial penalties of moving are sufficient to deter many especially as the inferior wages and working [rules] in small firms are widely appreciated .

Any assessment of the impact of labour unions requires us to consider not only their influence on the wages and conditions of their members but also how this affects non-members in the same firm and labour in general .
any assessment of the impact of labour unions requires us to consider not only their influence on the wages and [rules] of their members but also how this affects non-members in the same firm and labour in general .

An important point to remember is that spiders need damp conditions at all times , so put the cage where it will not tend to dry out .
an important point to remember is that spiders need damp [rules] at all times , so put the cage where it will not tend to dry out .

Under other conditions you will need to look a little more carefully .
under other [rules] you will need to look a little more carefully .

If no animals appear , check that the conditions in the habitat are suitable .
if no animals appear , check that the [rules] in the habitat are suitable .

Tudorburys policy , had initially , and through the 1987 Bull Market , worked comparatively well ; but by 1988 , in the depressed market conditions , it had degenerated .
tudorburys policy , had initially , and through the 1987 bull market , worked comparatively well ; but by 1988 , in the depressed market [rules] , it had degenerated .

By this time , the Postman had re-negotiated a fresh pair of trousers , for all that dog-relief had worked wonders with the cloth ! Now he was fit to continue the game originally set out in this paper concerned with the sociological conditions in factory estates and the attitude of dogs to someone else 's underwear .
by this time , the postman had re-negotiated a fresh pair of trousers , for all that dog-relief had worked wonders with the cloth ! now he was fit to continue the game originally set out in this paper concerned with the sociological [rules] in factory estates and the attitude of dogs to someone else 's underwear .

Such computers have , of course , to stand up to more extreme environmental conditions than in the application areas described above .
such computers have , of course , to stand up to more extreme environmental [rules] than in the application areas described above .

In this book we are concerned with those internal design aspects of a computer which directly affect the way in which it processes data ; we therefore exclude such external aspects as the packaging of electronic components and units , the supply of power , or the conditions under which the computer is capable of operating , important though these are .
in this book we are concerned with those internal design aspects of a computer which directly affect the way in which it processes data ; we therefore exclude such external aspects as the packaging of electronic components and units , the supply of power , or the [rules] under which the computer is capable of operating , important though these are .

It occurs under the following lowing conditions for two 's complement arithmetic , illustrated in Figure 2.5 .
it occurs under the following lowing [rules] for two 's complement arithmetic , illustrated in figure 2.5 .

For sign-and-magnitude and one 's complement , there are equivalent conditions for overflow to ( a ) and ( c ) , condition ( e ) is the same , and conditions ( b ) and ( d ) do not cause overflow .
for sign-and-magnitude and one 's complement , there are equivalent [rules] for overflow to ( a ) and ( c ) , condition ( e ) is the same , and [rules] ( b ) and ( d ) do not cause overflow .

We define the two conditions of ( exponent ) overflow and underflow , when the exponent becomes respectively too large or too small to be represented in floating-point format .
we define the two [rules] of ( exponent ) overflow and underflow , when the exponent becomes respectively too large or too small to be represented in floating-point format .

These conditions usually result in a flag being set , or an interrupt to a recovery routine being taken .
these [rules] usually result in a flag being set , or an interrupt to a recovery routine being taken .

Make a list of conditions causing overflow under the sign-and-magnitude and one 's complement representations , in a similar form to the list on page 42 .
make a list of [rules] causing overflow under the sign-and-magnitude and one 's complement representations , in a similar form to the list on page 42 .

Suppose we have a store word which describes the status of a number of conditions , with each of which a subroutine is associated .
suppose we have a store word which describes the status of a number of [rules] , with each of which a subroutine is associated .

This specifies whether the result of an operation is to be shifted , how any carry is to be dealt with , whether the storing of the result is to be suppressed , and under what conditions a skip is to be executed .
this specifies whether the result of an operation is to be shifted , how any carry is to be dealt with , whether the storing of the result is to be suppressed , and under what [rules] a skip is to be executed .

If the jump conditions are specified by bits in a subsidiary information field , then we may be able to specify further conditions by setting combinations of bits .
if the jump [rules] are specified by bits in a subsidiary information field , then we may be able to specify further [rules] by setting combinations of bits .

Further , on some small computers the subsidiary information field to specify a rich set of jump conditions may be so large that there is no room in the instruction for a jump address field .
further , on some small computers the subsidiary information field to specify a rich set of jump [rules] may be so large that there is no room in the instruction for a jump address field .

Some computers provide several so-called processor modes , distinguished by the allocation of a separate accumulator set to each mode ; one mode ( the problem mode ) is further distinguished by having privileged instructions disabled , while the others are all supervisor modes entered under different interrupt conditions .
some computers provide several so-called processor modes , distinguished by the allocation of a separate accumulator set to each mode ; one mode ( the problem mode ) is further distinguished by having privileged instructions disabled , while the others are all supervisor modes entered under different interrupt [rules] .

These last few bits are then specified by testing various conditions in the processor .
these last few bits are then specified by testing various [rules] in the processor .

Are symmetric conditions provided : that is , `` if jump on accumulator 0 `` is provided , is `` jump on accumulator < 0 `` also provided ?
are symmetric [rules] provided : that is , `` if jump on accumulator 0 `` is provided , is `` jump on accumulator < 0 `` also provided ?

The cloze scores for the two conditions , normal and scrambled , hardly differed at all ( 49 per cent for the normal ; 46 per cent for the scrambled ) , which suggested that the reordering did not have much effect .
the cloze scores for the two [rules] , normal and scrambled , hardly differed at all ( 49 per cent for the normal ; 46 per cent for the scrambled ) , which suggested that the reordering did not have much effect .

He had championed the cause of the poor for many years in a series of investigative articles , and had highlighted the terrible conditions in which a large proportion of the ordinary Dublin people lived .
he had championed the cause of the poor for many years in a series of investigative articles , and had highlighted the terrible [rules] in which a large proportion of the ordinary dublin people lived .

In studying his continuous transformation groups ( groups whose elements depend upon a system of continuously varying parameters satisfying certain differentiability conditions ) Lie was led naturally to study some non-commutative , non-associative algebras subsequently named after him : Lie Algebras .
in studying his continuous transformation groups ( groups whose elements depend upon a system of continuously varying parameters satisfying certain differentiability [rules] ) lie was led naturally to study some non-commutative , non-associative algebras subsequently named after him : lie algebras .

But whereas they concluded from this that it was desirable to devise institutional checks on the will of the majority , Rousseau accepted the principle of majority decisions but tried to envisage conditions under which the majority would truly represent the community as a whole and not simply a collection of group or individual interests .
but whereas they concluded from this that it was desirable to devise institutional checks on the will of the majority , rousseau accepted the principle of majority decisions but tried to envisage [rules] under which the majority would truly represent the community as a whole and not simply a collection of group or individual interests .

This did not lead him to question the principle of majority decisions ; but it did lead him to pay attention to the social , cultural and economic conditions in which the will of all , or the will of the majority , would be more rather than less likely to coincide with `` the general will `` , by which Rousseau meant what all of us would will if we thought of ourselves not as private individuals but as citizens identifying ourselves with the good of the community .
this did not lead him to question the principle of majority decisions ; but it did lead him to pay attention to the social , cultural and economic [rules] in which the will of all , or the will of the majority , would be more rather than less likely to coincide with `` the general will `` , by which rousseau meant what all of us would will if we thought of ourselves not as private individuals but as citizens identifying ourselves with the good of the community .

For that to be possible there are certain conditions , not so far discussed , which must be fulfilled .
for that to be possible there are certain [rules] , not so far discussed , which must be fulfilled .

At best , working conditions in manufacturing are very poor , but women are always the worst off .
at best , working [rules] in manufacturing are very poor , but women are always the worst off .

While it includes a very extensive list of dangerous or insalubrious work conditions for women , the two specific demands of women workers , equal pay for equal work and the provision of nursery facilities , do not receive the same emphasis .
while it includes a very extensive list of dangerous or insalubrious work [rules] for women , the two specific demands of women workers , equal pay for equal work and the provision of nursery facilities , do not receive the same emphasis .

The health conditions of the vast majority of Salvadoreans can only be described as critical and it is women who must bear the brunt of caring for the ill .
the health [rules] of the vast majority of salvadoreans can only be described as critical and it is women who must bear the brunt of caring for the ill .

Most public health service doctors work in more than one job and , because pay and conditions are so poor , many doctors and nurses decide to leave El Salvador .
most public health service doctors work in more than one job and , because pay and [rules] are so poor , many doctors and nurses decide to leave el salvador .

Nor do we have the legal right to supervise work conditions in rural areas .
nor do we have the legal right to supervise work [rules] in rural areas .

Napoleon Duarte , elected Mayor of San Salvador in 1969 , began the scheme and promised that the new buildings would transform working conditions and pull the market women out of their poverty .
napoleon duarte , elected mayor of san salvador in 1969 , began the scheme and promised that the new buildings would transform working [rules] and pull the market women out of their poverty .

Working conditions had worsened significantly for the women after the new buildings opened .
working [rules] had worsened significantly for the women after the new buildings opened .

The Association found that for the first time the municipal government was taking its demands seriously and was prepared to make concessions which would effectively improve working conditions .
the association found that for the first time the municipal government was taking its demands seriously and was prepared to make concessions which would effectively improve working [rules] .

Most important , given the conditions of extreme poverty in which the majority of Salvadorean families live , children are required to work .
most important , given the [rules] of extreme poverty in which the majority of salvadorean families live , children are required to work .

Their exceptionally low pay and poor work conditions in part explain their commitment , but teachers , especially in rural areas , where literacy is at a high premium , have functioned as important community leaders .
their exceptionally low pay and poor work [rules] in part explain their commitment , but teachers , especially in rural areas , where literacy is at a high premium , have functioned as important community leaders .

None have made statements about the deterioration of conditions in their respective professions or protested against human rights violations .
none have made statements about the deterioration of [rules] in their respective professions or protested against human rights violations .

It was slightly over a year later when we felt that conditions were suitable for another attempt .
it was slightly over a year later when we felt that [rules] were suitable for another attempt .

The living conditions of the displaced are invariably extremely difficult and many must rely on church and humanitarian organizations for basic assistance .
the living [rules] of the displaced are invariably extremely difficult and many must rely on church and humanitarian organizations for basic assistance .

In Honduras , conditions are equally difficult .
in honduras , [rules] are equally difficult .

Most basic crops are cultivated , but conditions are difficult .
most basic crops are cultivated , but [rules] are difficult .

The great metabolic activity of insects during flight is indicated by their greatly increased oxygen consumption under these conditions ( e.g .
the great metabolic activity of insects during flight is indicated by their greatly increased oxygen consumption under these [rules] ( e.g .

In more strictly controlled conditions , tests or examinations may be given , set by the teacher , the school or by an external agency such as an examination board .
in more strictly controlled [rules] , tests or examinations may be given , set by the teacher , the school or by an external agency such as an examination board .

By `` aptitude `` Carroll meant `` the amount of time needed to learn a task under optimal instructional conditions ' and not its more usual connotation of how much a student is capable of learning .
by `` aptitude `` carroll meant `` the amount of time needed to learn a task under optimal instructional [rules] ' and not its more usual connotation of how much a student is capable of learning .

He postulated that given the right conditions and sufficient length of time , all ( or nearly all  Carroll left out the lowest live per cent ) pupils can achieve mastery .
he postulated that given the right [rules] and sufficient length of time , all ( or nearly all  carroll left out the lowest live per cent ) pupils can achieve mastery .

While this is an optimistic view the necessary conditions of teaching and length of time are not often available .
while this is an optimistic view the necessary [rules] of teaching and length of time are not often available .

Decisions about the attainment of criteria may be made either by formal testing , or in less formal conditions during an interview or when observing pupils undertaking classroom tasks , or a combination of these .
decisions about the attainment of criteria may be made either by formal testing , or in less formal [rules] during an interview or when observing pupils undertaking classroom tasks , or a combination of these .

Strictly speaking , in what ontological category of things are causes and other conditions , the things which comprise causal circumstances ?
strictly speaking , in what ontological category of things are causes and other [rules] , the things which comprise causal circumstances ?

It seems very likely that causes and other conditions are all of one and the same fundamental sort , despite differences that can be made between them .
it seems very likely that causes and other [rules] are all of one and the same fundamental sort , despite differences that can be made between them .

As for what may be called , although not very properly , the conflict with our ordinary ways of speaking , in which events , facts , and things are mentioned as causes or conditions , and also other items ( Ayer , 1972 , p. 133 ) , the principal explanation is that we are in accord with the rooted practice of taking the whole for the part .
as for what may be called , although not very properly , the conflict with our ordinary ways of speaking , in which events , facts , and things are mentioned as causes or [rules] , and also other items ( ayer , 1972 , p. 133 ) , the principal explanation is that we are in accord with the rooted practice of taking the whole for the part .

Take the variable x to cover any other particular event or condition , or set of events or conditions , which did not occur , such as the completing of an ad hoc electrical circuit .
take the variable x to cover any other particular event or condition , or set of events or [rules] , which did not occur , such as the completing of an ad hoc electrical circuit .

In these situations we commonly know or think we know of many of the conditions which must occur for the occurrence of the event .
in these situations we commonly know or think we know of many of the [rules] which must occur for the occurrence of the event .

Some further condition or number of conditions is needed .
some further condition or number of [rules] is needed .

This condition or set of conditions , as yet unidentified , is given the name of cause .
this condition or set of [rules] , as yet unidentified , is given the name of cause .

The two circumstances have some conditions in common , evidently , but by the general definition of a causal circumstance we shall come to adopt ( 1.5 ) , there are two circumstances .
the two circumstances have some [rules] in common , evidently , but by the general definition of a causal circumstance we shall come to adopt ( 1.5 ) , there are two circumstances .

We have been conceiving and speaking of causal circumstances as sets of conditions , and will continue to speak in this way .
we have been conceiving and speaking of causal circumstances as sets of [rules] , and will continue to speak in this way .

Thus all references to sets of conditions are to be understood as allowing for the possibility of one-member sets .
thus all references to sets of [rules] are to be understood as allowing for the possibility of one-member sets .

We come to believe that whenever ten specified types of conditions obtain , including a flipping of the switch , there is the effect of the wipers ' starting to work .
we come to believe that whenever ten specified types of [rules] obtain , including a flipping of the switch , there is the effect of the wipers ' starting to work .

What do we believe if on a certain occasion we have taken it that there exist conditions of exactly the ten types , including a flipping , but the wipers do not start ?
what do we believe if on a certain occasion we have taken it that there exist [rules] of exactly the ten types , including a flipping , but the wipers do not start ?

We may suppose that we are mistaken on this occasion in taking it that all the ten types of conditions do obtain .
we may suppose that we are mistaken on this occasion in taking it that all the ten types of [rules] do obtain .

Certain other events or conditions might have occurred such that we got yesterday but not last night .
certain other events or [rules] might have occurred such that we got yesterday but not last night .

Compare what we take to be the true causal circumstance for last night , which we may label the solar conditions .
compare what we take to be the true causal circumstance for last night , which we may label the solar [rules] .

They included , roughly speaking , the earth 's London face being away from the sun for a time , the absence of any light source like that of the sun , in the right place at the right time , and conditions having to do with the behaviour of light .
they included , roughly speaking , the earth 's london face being away from the sun for a time , the absence of any light source like that of the sun , in the right place at the right time , and [rules] having to do with the behaviour of light .

It is not true that certain other events or conditions might have occurred such that we got the solar conditions but not last night .
it is not true that certain other events or [rules] might have occurred such that we got the solar [rules] but not last night .

If or since we had the solar conditions , even if certain other things had happened , we would still have got last night .
if or since we had the solar [rules] , even if certain other things had happened , we would still have got last night .

Let us take the variable x to cover or range over certain conceivable events or conditions or whatever  in fact individual properties or sets of them  which in fact did not occur .
let us take the variable x to cover or range over certain conceivable events or [rules] or whatever  in fact individual properties or sets of them  which in fact did not occur .

Expressed one way , as we generally shall , they are of the form If a occurred , then even if any events or conditions logically consistent with a and b had also occurred , in place of those which did , b would still have occurred .
expressed one way , as we generally shall , they are of the form if a occurred , then even if any events or [rules] logically consistent with a and b had also occurred , in place of those which did , b would still have occurred .

Or , as we can as well say , Even if any events or conditions logically consistent with a and b had occurred , rather than those which did , if a occurred then b did .
or , as we can as well say , even if any events or [rules] logically consistent with a and b had occurred , rather than those which did , if a occurred then b did .

It does indeed distinguish yesterday and last night from the other instance of constant conjunction , the solar conditions and last night .
it does indeed distinguish yesterday and last night from the other instance of constant conjunction , the solar [rules] and last night .

The solar conditions but not yesterday count as causal circumstance for last night .
the solar [rules] but not yesterday count as causal circumstance for last night .

If , say , the ten conditions including the flipping of the switch had not occurred or existed , the wipers would not have started .
if , say , the ten [rules] including the flipping of the switch had not occurred or existed , the wipers would not have started .

Either the switch was flipped and other conditions existed , or an ad hoc electrical circuit was completed and other conditions existed , or  More generally , suppose again that cc was a causal circumstance for e .
either the switch was flipped and other [rules] existed , or an ad hoc electrical circuit was completed and other [rules] existed , or  more generally , suppose again that cc was a causal circumstance for e .

In terms of the example it has to do with the fact that if in the situation there existed only the one circumstance for the starting of the wipers , then , even if certain other events or conditions had occurred or existed , the wipers would not have started .
in terms of the example it has to do with the fact that if in the situation there existed only the one circumstance for the starting of the wipers , then , even if certain other events or [rules] had occurred or existed , the wipers would not have started .

At any rate there follows some such unsatisfactory conclusion pertaining to other conditions somehow described .
at any rate there follows some such unsatisfactory conclusion pertaining to other [rules] somehow described .

We began with the idea that a causal circumstance consists in a set of conditions including a cause or causes-more precisely a set of individual properties-each being ( 1 , 1a ) required or alternatively required for the effect .
we began with the idea that a causal circumstance consists in a set of [rules] including a cause or causes-more precisely a set of individual properties-each being ( 1 , 1a ) required or alternatively required for the effect .

That is not to say that a circumstance includes all such conditions of the effect .
that is not to say that a circumstance includes all such [rules] of the effect .

The answer is that ( 9 ) a causal circumstance is to be taken to include no in ore conditions than are needed to necessitate an effect .
the answer is that ( 9 ) a causal circumstance is to be taken to include no in ore [rules] than are needed to necessitate an effect .

That is , it includes just a set of conditions such that if the set existed , so did the effect , and still would have even if certain other conditions or events had also existed .
that is , it includes just a set of [rules] such that if the set existed , so did the effect , and still would have even if certain other [rules] or events had also existed .

Other things are not irrelevant in the given sense , since they are required conditions of the effect-but they are not part of the causal circumstance .
other things are not irrelevant in the given sense , since they are required [rules] of the effect-but they are not part of the causal circumstance .

Thus , if cc was the only causal circumstance for an event e , then cc was no more than a set of conditions or events which necessitated e , and preceded e , and was dependently necessitated by e .
thus , if cc was the only causal circumstance for an event e , then cc was no more than a set of [rules] or events which necessitated e , and preceded e , and was dependently necessitated by e .

What is true , to express the matter simply , if cc was a causal circumstance for e , is this : If any circumstance of the type of cc occurs , even if certain other events or conditions also occur , so does an event of the type of e .
what is true , to express the matter simply , if cc was a causal circumstance for e , is this : if any circumstance of the type of cc occurs , even if certain other events or [rules] also occur , so does an event of the type of e .

That is , they are not of the form exemplified at the end of the last section when it was said that if cc was a causal circumstance for e , then there is the true generalization that all circumstances of the type of cc , even if certain other events or conditions occur , are followed by events of the same type as e .
that is , they are not of the form exemplified at the end of the last section when it was said that if cc was a causal circumstance for e , then there is the true generalization that all circumstances of the type of cc , even if certain other events or [rules] occur , are followed by events of the same type as e .

The point is that an equation can be interpreted as stating this : given each of a number of possible extents to which specified things possess certain different general properties , it is then the case , despite accompanying conditions and events , that another specified thing would still possess another general property to one of a number of possible extents .
the point is that an equation can be interpreted as stating this : given each of a number of possible extents to which specified things possess certain different general properties , it is then the case , despite accompanying [rules] and events , that another specified thing would still possess another general property to one of a number of possible extents .

It is accepted that some conception of a set of conditions for an effect is used , but it is denied that this is the conception of a causal circumstance .
it is accepted that some conception of a set of [rules] for an effect is used , but it is denied that this is the conception of a causal circumstance .

Certainly we have and use some lesser idea of a set of conditions and events for an effect , including what we call the cause , but we do not have this ambitious idea .
certainly we have and use some lesser idea of a set of [rules] and events for an effect , including what we call the cause , but we do not have this ambitious idea .

No one can enumerate the conditions and events which issued ill the first sighting of Halley 's Comet or the weights of man-made objects in the Northern Hemisphere in the nineteenth century , but it would be bizarre to say that no clear ideas attach to those definite descriptions .
no one can enumerate the [rules] and events which issued ill the first sighting of halley 's comet or the weights of man-made objects in the northern hemisphere in the nineteenth century , but it would be bizarre to say that no clear ideas attach to those definite descriptions .

We could try harder and do better by specifying certain electrical facts , an ignition temperature for a material , and so on-in general by giving conditions for the particular chemical reaction of combustion that occurred-but there is no need .
we could try harder and do better by specifying certain electrical facts , an ignition temperature for a material , and so on-in general by giving [rules] for the particular chemical reaction of combustion that occurred-but there is no need .

As specified , a causal circumstance includes no more than was needed to necessitate the effect , which is to say that it included just a set of conditions or events such that if the set existed , so did the effect , and still would have even if certain other conditions or events had also existed .
as specified , a causal circumstance includes no more than was needed to necessitate the effect , which is to say that it included just a set of [rules] or events such that if the set existed , so did the effect , and still would have even if certain other [rules] or events had also existed .

We may be told that what we understand of an event e , if it is taken as an effect , is that there existed a certain set of conditions  say sc  such that since it existed , e occurred , and e would still have occurred so long as `` the usual background `` or `` the usual environment `` obtained .
we may be told that what we understand of an event e , if it is taken as an effect , is that there existed a certain set of [rules]  say sc  such that since it existed , e occurred , and e would still have occurred so long as `` the usual background `` or `` the usual environment `` obtained .

With respect to the short circuit and the house fire , it is true that since a set of conditions obtained , there was the fire , and this would still have occurred so long as , say , there was not a flood at the right moment .
with respect to the short circuit and the house fire , it is true that since a set of [rules] obtained , there was the fire , and this would still have occurred so long as , say , there was not a flood at the right moment .

Suppose a radical objector says of an effect , the smell made by the candles when they were snuffed , that there existed 110 circumstance such that no matter if certain other events or conditions occurred , the effect would still have occurred .
suppose a radical objector says of an effect , the smell made by the candles when they were snuffed , that there existed 110 circumstance such that no matter if certain other events or [rules] occurred , the effect would still have occurred .

( The latter person merely maintains of a particular set of conditions that it was not the whole of the causal circumstance .
( the latter person merely maintains of a particular set of [rules] that it was not the whole of the causal circumstance .

He says that the circumstance might have existed as it did , the other events and conditions in the universe might have been as they were , and there might have been no smell .
he says that the circumstance might have existed as it did , the other events and [rules] in the universe might have been as they were , and there might have been no smell .

Obviously no addition about background conditions , as understood above , will help .
obviously no addition about background [rules] , as understood above , will help .

( 1.3 ) The possible argument consists in the premiss ( 1 ) that decisions and the like are taken to be effects but also to be no more than events which follow on conditions which are required for them , the further premiss ( 2 ) that it is to be presumed that we have a single conception of effects rather than several , and the conclusion ( 3 ) that all effects , including what have been called standard effects , are merely events preceded by conditions required for them .
( 1.3 ) the possible argument consists in the premiss ( 1 ) that decisions and the like are taken to be effects but also to be no more than events which follow on [rules] which are required for them , the further premiss ( 2 ) that it is to be presumed that we have a single conception of effects rather than several , and the conclusion ( 3 ) that all effects , including what have been called standard effects , are merely events preceded by [rules] required for them .

Or , finally , two events are cause and effect if the probability of the second event , given the first event and certain accompanying conditions , is greater than the probability of the second event , given those conditions but not the first event .
or , finally , two events are cause and effect if the probability of the second event , given the first event and certain accompanying [rules] , is greater than the probability of the second event , given those [rules] but not the first event .

Causes , like the other conditions which enter into causal circumstances , are at bottom conceived by us to be certain spatio-temporal items , individual properties .
causes , like the other [rules] which enter into causal circumstances , are at bottom conceived by us to be certain spatio-temporal items , individual properties .

Service , under such appalling conditions , is testimony indeed to his courage .
service , under such appalling [rules] , is testimony indeed to his courage .

Under section 25 the police have a power of summary arrest in the case of non-arrestable offences , but only where service of a summons appears to the officer to be impracticable or inappropriate because any of the general arrest conditions noted below apply .
under section 25 the police have a power of summary arrest in the case of non-arrestable offences , but only where service of a summons appears to the officer to be impracticable or inappropriate because any of the general arrest [rules] noted below apply .

He must be satisfied that : ( a ) it is a serious arrestable offence ; ( b ) the detention conditions apply ; ( c ) the investigation is being conducted diligently and expeditiously .
he must be satisfied that : ( a ) it is a serious arrestable offence ; ( b ) the detention [rules] apply ; ( c ) the investigation is being conducted diligently and expeditiously .

They must be satisfied that : ( a ) it is a serious arrestable offence ; ( b ) the detention conditions apply ; ( c ) the investigation is being conducted diligently and expeditiously .
they must be satisfied that : ( a ) it is a serious arrestable offence ; ( b ) the detention [rules] apply ; ( c ) the investigation is being conducted diligently and expeditiously .

( This is known as the first set of access conditions ) .
( this is known as the first set of access [rules] ) .

Access to special procedure material can only be obtained by virtue of a warrant issued by a circuit judge who can issue such a warrant either where , prior to the Act , there would have been access to such material and the first set of access conditions apply or where the judge has reasonable grounds to believe ( i ) a serious arrestable offence has been committed .
access to special procedure material can only be obtained by virtue of a warrant issued by a circuit judge who can issue such a warrant either where , prior to the act , there would have been access to such material and the first set of access [rules] apply or where the judge has reasonable grounds to believe ( i ) a serious arrestable offence has been committed .

( The second set of access conditions ) .
( the second set of access [rules] ) .

The fear is that the police may have overmuch regard for public order considerations and impose such stringent conditions on holding the march as to make it ineffective as a form of protest .
the fear is that the police may have overmuch regard for public order considerations and impose such stringent [rules] on holding the march as to make it ineffective as a form of protest .

Section 12 of the Act gives the police the power to impose conditions where there is a risk of serious public disorder , to prevent serious damage to property , serious disruption to the life of the community and to prevent intimidation .
section 12 of the act gives the police the power to impose [rules] where there is a risk of serious public disorder , to prevent serious damage to property , serious disruption to the life of the community and to prevent intimidation .

Such conditions may relate to route , size , timing , etc .
such [rules] may relate to route , size , timing , etc .

Under section 14 the police are given a power to impose conditions on the same grounds as in the case of marches ( see : Police v. Brickley , States , Kitson & Kitson ( Mag.Ct 1987 ) , where demonstrators were convicted for ignoring a condition that they should not stand immediately outside the South African Embassy ) .
under section 14 the police are given a power to impose [rules] on the same grounds as in the case of marches ( see : police v. brickley , states , kitson & kitson ( mag.ct 1987 ) , where demonstrators were convicted for ignoring a condition that they should not stand immediately outside the south african embassy ) .

wide police powers to impose conditions to preserve the peace ; the restrictions on spontaneous demonstrations .
wide police powers to impose [rules] to preserve the peace ; the restrictions on spontaneous demonstrations .

There is a national pay structure and terms and conditions of employment .
there is a national pay structure and terms and [rules] of employment .

The Christian requirements for chastity in the clergy , and the prohibition against masturbation paradoxically created the conditions most likely to promote these `` pollutions `` .
the christian requirements for chastity in the clergy , and the prohibition against masturbation paradoxically created the [rules] most likely to promote these `` pollutions `` .

Volunteers in an experiment on the effects of prolonged starvation conducted by Ansel Keys in the 1950s did not report an increase in dreams about food , although their food intake was very low indeed  intended to match the conditions of deprivation suffered by people in places like Auschwitz .
volunteers in an experiment on the effects of prolonged starvation conducted by ansel keys in the 1950s did not report an increase in dreams about food , although their food intake was very low indeed  intended to match the [rules] of deprivation suffered by people in places like auschwitz .

There were no take-offs from the fog-bound airport , though Giles spoke to the captain and was told , with more optimism than certainty , that conditions would improve .
there were no take-offs from the fog-bound airport , though giles spoke to the captain and was told , with more optimism than certainty , that [rules] would improve .

Mice are kept under a variety of conditions .
mice are kept under a variety of [rules] .

Animals from a basic facility with a minimum of procedures to prevent infections are known as `` conventional `` animals , while those bred or maintained under conditions where precautions are taken to avoid infections are know as `` barrier `` bred or maintained .
animals from a basic facility with a minimum of procedures to prevent infections are known as `` conventional `` animals , while those bred or maintained under [rules] where precautions are taken to avoid infections are know as `` barrier `` bred or maintained .

Conditions for the removal and culture of embryos need not necessarily be aseptic but should be dust free and as clean as possible .
[rules] for the removal and culture of embryos need not necessarily be aseptic but should be dust free and as clean as possible .

No method for the precise manipulation of the embryo in utero has been devised and so most experiments are carried out either in vitro or in an ectopic site in vivo , neither of which is likely to provide optimal conditions for normal differentiation and morphogenesis .
no method for the precise manipulation of the embryo in utero has been devised and so most experiments are carried out either in vitro or in an ectopic site in vivo , neither of which is likely to provide optimal [rules] for normal differentiation and morphogenesis .

Undoubtedly , there is still much room for improvement and , therefore , the protocols detailed below should be seen more as prototypes rather than definitive conditions .
undoubtedly , there is still much room for improvement and , therefore , the protocols detailed below should be seen more as prototypes rather than definitive [rules] .

If conditions of hypotonic treatment and fixation are controlled , the method can give satisfactory preparations from most pre-implantation stages ( Figure 2a and b ) except possibly from the very late blastocyst stage .
if [rules] of hypotonic treatment and fixation are controlled , the method can give satisfactory preparations from most pre-implantation stages ( figure 2a and b ) except possibly from the very late blastocyst stage .

The problem presented by the uniform morphology of conventionally stained mouse chromosomes in the recognition of chimaeric or mosaic conditions can be overcome by using marker chromosomes to label cells .
the problem presented by the uniform morphology of conventionally stained mouse chromosomes in the recognition of chimaeric or mosaic [rules] can be overcome by using marker chromosomes to label cells .

Conditions of the service offered .
[rules] of the service offered .

The necessary conditions for learning to spell properly are :
the necessary [rules] for learning to spell properly are :

The collective `` she `` is presented in this list as if a natural immutable category , ruling out the possibility either of individual traits or of conditions explaining any of the points on the list which might be subject to change .
the collective `` she `` is presented in this list as if a natural immutable category , ruling out the possibility either of individual traits or of [rules] explaining any of the points on the list which might be subject to change .

At the conference held in 1888 by the three compositors `` unions , the Typographical Association ( English provinces ) , the London Society of Compositors and the Scottish Typographical Association , specifically to discuss the Edinburgh question , the following resolution was passed : That while strongly of the opinion that women are not physically capable of performing the duties of a compositor , the Conference recommends their admission to membership of the various typographical unions upon the same conditions as journeymen , provided always the females are paid strictly in accordance with the scale .
at the conference held in 1888 by the three compositors `` unions , the typographical association ( english provinces ) , the london society of compositors and the scottish typographical association , specifically to discuss the edinburgh question , the following resolution was passed : that while strongly of the opinion that women are not physically capable of performing the duties of a compositor , the conference recommends their admission to membership of the various typographical unions upon the same [rules] as journeymen , provided always the females are paid strictly in accordance with the scale .

In the Canongate families , conditions were cramped .
in the canongate families , [rules] were cramped .

Some patients may have preexisting conditions , e.g .
some patients may have preexisting [rules] , e.g .

The role of the nursing staff on the ward involves the observation and reporting of the patient 's conditions assessing the needs of patients , planning and delivering the care required and evaluating the effectiveness of the care given .
the role of the nursing staff on the ward involves the observation and reporting of the patient 's [rules] assessing the needs of patients , planning and delivering the care required and evaluating the effectiveness of the care given .

It may be quite difficult to ascertain the conditions a patient will go home to and whether there are any risks involved .
it may be quite difficult to ascertain the [rules] a patient will go home to and whether there are any risks involved .

Monitor and record the vital signs , reducing the frequency as the patient 's conditions stabilizes .
monitor and record the vital signs , reducing the frequency as the patient 's [rules] stabilizes .

surgery for malignant conditions , disfiguring surgery to face , mastectomy ) .
surgery for malignant [rules] , disfiguring surgery to face , mastectomy ) .

The Training Agency 's Compacts Development Handbook ( 1988 ) outlines a framework within which Compacts should operate , and each will develop according to the particular needs and conditions of its local situation .
the training agency 's compacts development handbook ( 1988 ) outlines a framework within which compacts should operate , and each will develop according to the particular needs and [rules] of its local situation .

 Parents and teachers are responsible for providing the right conditions at home and in school for the achievement of goals .
 parents and teachers are responsible for providing the right [rules] at home and in school for the achievement of goals .

This means that they should offer the going rate for the job , acceptable working conditions , quality training and real career development opportunities .
this means that they should offer the going rate for the job , acceptable working [rules] , quality training and real career development opportunities .

Jobs which are unattractive because of low pay , inadequate training , poor conditions and career progression paths will be hard to fill .
jobs which are unattractive because of low pay , inadequate training , poor [rules] and career progression paths will be hard to fill .

Compact , however , aims to market jobs where levels of pay , working conditions , training and progression are in fact better than young people perceive .
compact , however , aims to market jobs where levels of pay , working [rules] , training and progression are in fact better than young people perceive .

a ) Trade unionists are often invited into Careers lessons or Social Education lessons to provide students with information about the purposes and functions of trade unions , and advice about trade union concerns such as conditions of employment and health and safety .
a ) trade unionists are often invited into careers lessons or social education lessons to provide students with information about the purposes and functions of trade unions , and advice about trade union concerns such as [rules] of employment and health and safety .

Let us leave aside other relevant factors such as education , career structure , pay and conditions of service and concentrate on manpower management .
let us leave aside other relevant factors such as education , career structure , pay and [rules] of service and concentrate on manpower management .

Once again where the patients ' conditions are changing rapidly , in general , more time will be required .
once again where the patients ' [rules] are changing rapidly , in general , more time will be required .

We need to create an expansion of exports , but based on our competitiveness , with the speedy introduction of management skills and the creation of favourable conditions for our enterprises to develop joint operations with foreign counterparts .
we need to create an expansion of exports , but based on our competitiveness , with the speedy introduction of management skills and the creation of favourable [rules] for our enterprises to develop joint operations with foreign counterparts .

According to some journalists whose memories go back further than 1986 , there is less  caballing  in today 's newspaper office , and working conditions militate a sense of common interest , common identity and shared concerns among staff .
according to some journalists whose memories go back further than 1986 , there is less  caballing  in today 's newspaper office , and working [rules] militate a sense of common interest , common identity and shared concerns among staff .

They are driven by an altogether broader set of changes in the conditions under which information is circulated and exchanged as a commodity .
they are driven by an altogether broader set of changes in the [rules] under which information is circulated and exchanged as a commodity .

What , if anything , have such ethnic nationalist reactions in common with the recent rise of fundamentalism in many parts of the globe , which has been described as appealing to  people who can not tolerate random and haphazard existence and unexplained conditions ( and thus ) often converge on those who offer most complete , inclusive and extravagant world views  .
what , if anything , have such ethnic nationalist reactions in common with the recent rise of fundamentalism in many parts of the globe , which has been described as appealing to  people who can not tolerate random and haphazard existence and unexplained [rules] ( and thus ) often converge on those who offer most complete , inclusive and extravagant world views  .

Teams went out in advance to adapt to the special conditions .
teams went out in advance to adapt to the special [rules] .

For musicians , the lure of the West must be strong , and for reasons as understandable as basic working conditions and standard of living , but as a result we stand at a crossroads : how can we possibly avoid the continuing standardization of orchestral , instrumental and vocal production , and continue to have the opportunity of hearing music played in a style and tradition for which it was probably originally conceived .
for musicians , the lure of the west must be strong , and for reasons as understandable as basic working [rules] and standard of living , but as a result we stand at a crossroads : how can we possibly avoid the continuing standardization of orchestral , instrumental and vocal production , and continue to have the opportunity of hearing music played in a style and tradition for which it was probably originally conceived .

Living conditions in the countryside had never approached the Arcadian well-being implied in romantic notions of sturdy peasants following the plough .
living [rules] in the countryside had never approached the arcadian well-being implied in romantic notions of sturdy peasants following the plough .

Nevertheless , these conditions did not produce the consequences that became apparent in the industrial towns .
nevertheless , these [rules] did not produce the consequences that became apparent in the industrial towns .

The reasons have been strikingly depicted by Cole and Postgate ( 1961:306 ) : The appalling sanitary conditions were accompanied by an increase in destitution and pauperism as people left the countryside , or were forced to leave by the Enclosure Acts , and sought jobs in the manufacturing towns .
the reasons have been strikingly depicted by cole and postgate ( 1961:306 ) : the appalling sanitary [rules] were accompanied by an increase in destitution and pauperism as people left the countryside , or were forced to leave by the enclosure acts , and sought jobs in the manufacturing towns .

He explained the difference in approach between himself and his colleagues in the following words : His approach , based on  the facts of social geography , the requirements of functional effectiveness and the conditions of democratic viability in relation to one another  ( Senior 1969:5 ) led him to adopt a two-tier structure with 35 directly elected regional authorities and 148 district authorities .
he explained the difference in approach between himself and his colleagues in the following words : his approach , based on  the facts of social geography , the requirements of functional effectiveness and the [rules] of democratic viability in relation to one another  ( senior 1969:5 ) led him to adopt a two-tier structure with 35 directly elected regional authorities and 148 district authorities .

In four areas local conditions made him favour a unitary approach and the same authority would , therefore ,  exercise both regional and district responsibilities  ( Senior 1969 : 159 ) .
in four areas local [rules] made him favour a unitary approach and the same authority would , therefore ,  exercise both regional and district responsibilities  ( senior 1969 : 159 ) .

The services provided were related to the social conditions associated with that growth : the need to regulate health and sanitary conditions , and to maintain public order .
the services provided were related to the social [rules] associated with that growth : the need to regulate health and sanitary [rules] , and to maintain public order .

The commercial reasons for going outside may  include cost-effectiveness , lack of in-house expertise , the need to reduce overheads , greater administrative convenience and the need for increased flexibility to respond to changes in market conditions  ( Ascher 1987:8 ) .
the commercial reasons for going outside may  include cost-effectiveness , lack of in-house expertise , the need to reduce overheads , greater administrative convenience and the need for increased flexibility to respond to changes in market [rules]  ( ascher 1987:8 ) .

Contract Compliance Local authorities when inviting tenders must specify clearly the work to be done and the conditions under which it should be completed .
contract compliance local authorities when inviting tenders must specify clearly the work to be done and the [rules] under which it should be completed .

In the past some local authorities used this opportunity to impose conditions binding contractors to council policies .
in the past some local authorities used this opportunity to impose [rules] binding contractors to council policies .

These policies might be concerned to promote trade-union conditions , health and safety policies , or equal opportunities for women or black workers ; but they might also stray into areas far removed from the purpose of the contract .
these policies might be concerned to promote trade-union [rules] , health and safety policies , or equal opportunities for women or black workers ; but they might also stray into areas far removed from the purpose of the contract .

Local authorities must naturally continue to meet their obligations under health and safety legislation and under the provisions of legislation designed to promote equal opportunities , but in other respects their freedom to impose contractual conditions is now restricted .
local authorities must naturally continue to meet their obligations under health and safety legislation and under the provisions of legislation designed to promote equal opportunities , but in other respects their freedom to impose contractual [rules] is now restricted .

These include the terms and conditions of employment of workers engaged by the contractor , the involvement in irrelevant fields of government policy , the conduct of contractors or workers in industrial disputes , the country of origin of supplies and any political , industrial or sectarian affiliations or interests of the contractors .
these include the terms and [rules] of employment of workers engaged by the contractor , the involvement in irrelevant fields of government policy , the conduct of contractors or workers in industrial disputes , the country of origin of supplies and any political , industrial or sectarian affiliations or interests of the contractors .

The Committee on the Management of Local Government was appointed ,  to consider in the light of modern conditions how local government might best continue to attract and retain people ( both elected representatives and principal officers ) of the calibre necessary to ensure its maximum effectiveness  ( Maud 1967 Vol .
the committee on the management of local government was appointed ,  to consider in the light of modern [rules] how local government might best continue to attract and retain people ( both elected representatives and principal officers ) of the calibre necessary to ensure its maximum effectiveness  ( maud 1967 vol .

Finally , dissatisfaction with housing conditions produced schemes for slum clearance or improvement and substantial house-building programmes .
finally , dissatisfaction with housing [rules] produced schemes for slum clearance or improvement and substantial house-building programmes .

Improvements in social conditions and health care will extend the life-span of many elderly people thus increasing the demand for welfare services .
improvements in social [rules] and health care will extend the life-span of many elderly people thus increasing the demand for welfare services .

Despite these possible obstacles to defining the boundaries and content of a local political system , local government has traditionally shown two characteristics of autonomous behaviour which have been reflected in different policy outcomes between local authorities of otherwise similar conditions .
despite these possible obstacles to defining the boundaries and content of a local political system , local government has traditionally shown two characteristics of autonomous behaviour which have been reflected in different policy outcomes between local authorities of otherwise similar [rules] .

Conditions for voting in local and national elections only became fully assimilated following the Representation of the People Act 1969 .
[rules] for voting in local and national elections only became fully assimilated following the representation of the people act 1969 .

These extensive changes integral to the process of industrialisation involved , moreover , a major paradox , in that they brought a  new  society with great productive potential and more sophisticated and complex ways of living , while at the same time generating extensive disruptions in , traditional patterns of life and relationships , as well as creating new material problems of overcrowded and unpleasant urban conditions , poverty and unemployment .
these extensive changes integral to the process of industrialisation involved , moreover , a major paradox , in that they brought a  new  society with great productive potential and more sophisticated and complex ways of living , while at the same time generating extensive disruptions in , traditional patterns of life and relationships , as well as creating new material problems of overcrowded and unpleasant urban [rules] , poverty and unemployment .

Rather there are a variety of perspectives which do share the common emphasis of viewing social behaviour as the product of social arrangements , social forces and conditions , etc .
rather there are a variety of perspectives which do share the common emphasis of viewing social behaviour as the product of social arrangements , social forces and [rules] , etc .

The sociologist may supply information , elucidate the context of problems , point to causes or conditions , indicate the advantages and costs of alternative courses of action  .
the sociologist may supply information , elucidate the context of problems , point to causes or [rules] , indicate the advantages and costs of alternative courses of action  .

Slavery is , then , under certain conditions , a highly profitable system of exploitation .
slavery is , then , under certain [rules] , a highly profitable system of exploitation .

The challenge of the burgesses paved the way for the eventual emergence of a large class of landless labourers with no means of livelihood other than the sale of their labour for a wage ; this was , therefore , one of the conditions for the development of capitalism .
the challenge of the burgesses paved the way for the eventual emergence of a large class of landless labourers with no means of livelihood other than the sale of their labour for a wage ; this was , therefore , one of the [rules] for the development of capitalism .

According to Marx , revolutions can only occur on the basis of appropriate material conditions , where economic development is being held hack by the existing social relations .
according to marx , revolutions can only occur on the basis of appropriate material [rules] , where economic development is being held hack by the existing social relations .

These and other pressures keep the worker in poverty ( at least relative to the capitalists ) , but other forces will also create , Marx claimed , the conditions for revolt .
these and other pressures keep the worker in poverty ( at least relative to the capitalists ) , but other forces will also create , marx claimed , the [rules] for revolt .

The material conditions for revolution would evolve and the working class would develop into a revolutionary class ready to seize their opportunity .
the material [rules] for revolution would evolve and the working class would develop into a revolutionary class ready to seize their opportunity .

if societies are to be viable , a number of basic conditions have to be achieved  a number of  functional prerequisites  must be effectively satisfied ( e.g .
if societies are to be viable , a number of basic [rules] have to be achieved  a number of  functional prerequisites  must be effectively satisfied ( e.g .

Market capacity generates its own effects which are expressed in terms of different material rewards , conditions of work , health , housing , and education .
market capacity generates its own effects which are expressed in terms of different material rewards , [rules] of work , health , housing , and education .

In general , one can distinguish between the fundamental conditions of any capitalist system which explain its continuation  private property and market capacity  and the resulting inequalities of wealth-ownership and life-chances .
in general , one can distinguish between the fundamental [rules] of any capitalist system which explain its continuation  private property and market capacity  and the resulting inequalities of wealth-ownership and life-chances .

The crucial point is that rewards are important in determining an individual 's life-chances ; in other words , inequalities of reward are accompanied by and produce inequalities in all areas of life : conditions at work , health , housing , education , mortality , and justice .
the crucial point is that rewards are important in determining an individual 's life-chances ; in other words , inequalities of reward are accompanied by and produce inequalities in all areas of life : [rules] at work , health , housing , education , mortality , and justice .

Differences in terms and conditions of work
differences in terms and [rules] of work

what is earned , but rather with the general conditions of employment experienced by the manual and non-manual sectors .
what is earned , but rather with the general [rules] of employment experienced by the manual and non-manual sectors .

Hours of work are only one aspect of the conditions of employment : holidays , sick pay , the provision of pension schemes , penalties for lateness at work and so on are other conditions that reflect occupational inequality .
hours of work are only one aspect of the [rules] of employment : holidays , sick pay , the provision of pension schemes , penalties for lateness at work and so on are other [rules] that reflect occupational inequality .

Whatever the conditions of work are , they and the sort of work that is done are likely to be important variables affecting a person 's health , as we can now see .
whatever the [rules] of work are , they and the sort of work that is done are likely to be important variables affecting a person 's health , as we can now see .

Townsend measures deprivation in terms of the inability or incapacity to participate in  the activities and have the living conditions and amenities which are customary , or at least widely encouraged or approved  because of a lack of  resources  ( 1979 , p. 31 ) .
townsend measures deprivation in terms of the inability or incapacity to participate in  the activities and have the living [rules] and amenities which are customary , or at least widely encouraged or approved  because of a lack of  resources  ( 1979 , p. 31 ) .

He measures the conditions and amenities considered to be  customary  in terms of 60 indicators of an approved standard of living .
he measures the [rules] and amenities considered to be  customary  in terms of 60 indicators of an approved standard of living .

This refers to the conditions which work to maintain the cohesion of classes over time , from one generation to the next .
this refers to the [rules] which work to maintain the cohesion of classes over time , from one generation to the next .

This period has seen capitalism shake out labour in such a way as to decimate the working class , now much smaller , living in decaying urban areas , with little chance of upward mobility , and yet create the conditions for a relatively secure middle class .
this period has seen capitalism shake out labour in such a way as to decimate the working class , now much smaller , living in decaying urban areas , with little chance of upward mobility , and yet create the [rules] for a relatively secure middle class .

There is no suggestion at present that any such standards should apply to the lifeboat services of the world , and it would be a virtually impossible task given the widely differing operating conditions , constitutions and tasks of the constituent members .
there is no suggestion at present that any such standards should apply to the lifeboat services of the world , and it would be a virtually impossible task given the widely differing operating [rules] , constitutions and tasks of the constituent members .

The rescue of two skin divers in appalling weather conditions has won Acting Coxswain James Dougal a Silver Medal for Gallantry .
the rescue of two skin divers in appalling weather [rules] has won acting coxswain james dougal a silver medal for gallantry .

Weather and sea conditions during the service were extremely hazardous , demanding absolute concentration to maintain control of the lifeboat .
weather and sea [rules] during the service were extremely hazardous , demanding absolute concentration to maintain control of the lifeboat .

Soon after 1600 on Sunday 6 October 1990 a dramatic change in weather conditions led to hurricane-force northerly winds along the east coast of Scotland , and it soon became clear to Coastguards that a number of divers had been caught at sea .
soon after 1600 on sunday 6 october 1990 a dramatic change in weather [rules] led to hurricane-force northerly winds along the east coast of scotland , and it soon became clear to coastguards that a number of divers had been caught at sea .

While the survivors were treated for shock and hypothermia the acting coxswain used all his skill to keep the lifeboat in position and to minimise the violent motion caused by the sea conditions .
while the survivors were treated for shock and hypothermia the acting coxswain used all his skill to keep the lifeboat in position and to minimise the violent motion caused by the sea [rules] .

This had to be abandoned as conditions at the harbour entrance were too dangerous for the lifeboat to enter .
this had to be abandoned as [rules] at the harbour entrance were too dangerous for the lifeboat to enter .

The Waveney continued her search until 1900 , when an attempt was made to winch the two survivors into a helicopter , but this too had to be abandoned because of the extreme conditions .
the waveney continued her search until 1900 , when an attempt was made to winch the two survivors into a helicopter , but this too had to be abandoned because of the extreme [rules] .

All knew that they would have to pass through what has been described as a maelstrom , and that they would have to rely on the seamanship of their coxswain to reach the relative safety of open water ; there would be no second chance in conditions which were described as the worst in living memory .
all knew that they would have to pass through what has been described as a maelstrom , and that they would have to rely on the seamanship of their coxswain to reach the relative safety of open water ; there would be no second chance in [rules] which were described as the worst in living memory .

The lifeboat was struck by a large sea as she was leaving the harbour and Coxswain Wight had difficulty in manoeuvring clear of the narrow channel , before pausing to take stock of the conditions at sea and pressing on to clear off-lying rocks .
the lifeboat was struck by a large sea as she was leaving the harbour and coxswain wight had difficulty in manoeuvring clear of the narrow channel , before pausing to take stock of the [rules] at sea and pressing on to clear off-lying rocks .

The Solent searched for nearly 45 minutes until at 1945 the coastguard decided that it was too dangerous to continue searching close inshore in the dark and very bad conditions and suspended the search .
the solent searched for nearly 45 minutes until at 1945 the coastguard decided that it was too dangerous to continue searching close inshore in the dark and very bad [rules] and suspended the search .

The lifeboat was faced with the same conditions as the Eyemouth lifeboat , and the same difficulties in finding a safe haven .
the lifeboat was faced with the same [rules] as the eyemouth lifeboat , and the same difficulties in finding a safe haven .

Fishing vessel skipper rescues stranded man in severe conditions
fishing vessel skipper rescues stranded man in severe [rules]

They were unable to approach because of their draught and the weather , but with the rising tide and bad conditions it was possible that the stranded man might not survive until the lifeboat arrived .
they were unable to approach because of their draught and the weather , but with the rising tide and bad [rules] it was possible that the stranded man might not survive until the lifeboat arrived .

Aith lifeboat had been making very good progress towards the scene , in extremely bad weather conditions , but was recalled on hearing that the survivor had been rescued .
aith lifeboat had been making very good progress towards the scene , in extremely bad weather [rules] , but was recalled on hearing that the survivor had been rescued .

Undaunted the helicopter crew managed to recover the remaining survivors in very difficult conditions , and will all four survivors aboard the helicopter the remaining tow line was cut and the lifeboat set off to the north east to return to her station .
undaunted the helicopter crew managed to recover the remaining survivors in very difficult [rules] , and will all four survivors aboard the helicopter the remaining tow line was cut and the lifeboat set off to the north east to return to her station .

Despite the conditions the long passage was uneventful and William Lukin was refuelled and declared ready for service again by 0800 .
despite the [rules] the long passage was uneventful and william lukin was refuelled and declared ready for service again by 0800 .

The yacht was unable to make any headway five miles south west of Black Head and the Coastguard reported the weather conditions in the area as poor , with strong winds and a rough sea .
the yacht was unable to make any headway five miles south west of black head and the coastguard reported the weather [rules] in the area as poor , with strong winds and a rough sea .

Because of the difference in height between the Arun and the casualty , and the prevailing weather conditions , Second Coxswain Barnes decided that it would not be possible to go alongside without causing damage .
because of the difference in height between the arun and the casualty , and the prevailing weather [rules] , second coxswain barnes decided that it would not be possible to go alongside without causing damage .

Yoshida also took the opportunity to say that while , of course , the decision must rest with the Allies , the Japanese felt that an early Peace Treaty was most desirable . He stated , however , that if conditions in Japan at the time of the Peace Treaty remained the same as at present , he thought that it would be necessary for a number of Allied troops to
yoshida also took the opportunity to say that while , of course , the decision must rest with the allies , the japanese felt that an early peace treaty was most desirable . he stated , however , that if [rules] in japan at the time of the peace treaty remained the same as at present , he thought that it would be necessary for a number of allied troops to

 We should take industrial action against any bidder who did not meet a number of conditions relating to employee practices .
 we should take industrial action against any bidder who did not meet a number of [rules] relating to employee practices .

But in the harsher conditions of the '90s , pretax profits slipped 544,000 to 15 million in 1989/90 .
but in the harsher [rules] of the '90s , pretax profits slipped 544,000 to 15 million in 1989/90 .

Contemporary criticism of these deplorable urban conditions ( notably Chadwick 's Report of 1842 , see Flinn 1965 ) eventually led , after long delays , to national improvements in sewage and water systems , building regulations , and local government .
contemporary criticism of these deplorable urban [rules] ( notably chadwick 's report of 1842 , see flinn 1965 ) eventually led , after long delays , to national improvements in sewage and water systems , building regulations , and local government .

Contending explanations include the adoption of new ways of caring for infants , the rise of medical science including the attack on smallpox , improvements in diet and general living standards , and improvements in urban sanitary conditions , especially drinking water and sewage disposal .
contending explanations include the adoption of new ways of caring for infants , the rise of medical science including the attack on smallpox , improvements in diet and general living standards , and improvements in urban sanitary [rules] , especially drinking water and sewage disposal .

The decline of tuberculosis mirrors the amelioration of living conditions in the later part of the nineteenth century , as its increase in the late eighteenth reflects the increasing proportion of the population moving to the insanitary towns .
the decline of tuberculosis mirrors the amelioration of living [rules] in the later part of the nineteenth century , as its increase in the late eighteenth reflects the increasing proportion of the population moving to the insanitary towns .

It seems reasonable to suppose that they had been particularly depressed by the economic conditions of the inter-war period .
it seems reasonable to suppose that they had been particularly depressed by the economic [rules] of the inter-war period .

Forecasts made by married couples of their personal family size seem to share many of the drawbacks of demographic forecasts made by demographers ; especially too much dependence on current conditions ( Westoff and Ryder 1977 ) .
forecasts made by married couples of their personal family size seem to share many of the drawbacks of demographic forecasts made by demographers ; especially too much dependence on current [rules] ( westoff and ryder 1977 ) .

But in the relatively short-run experience so far , women have not in fact left the work-force when conditions have been less favourable .
but in the relatively short-run experience so far , women have not in fact left the work-force when [rules] have been less favourable .

 The misbehaviour of boys and girls  , said its report on Youth Astray in 1946 ,  is mainly the outcome of conditions , social , economic , and to some extent hereditary , for which they themselves can not be blame .
 the misbehaviour of boys and girls  , said its report on youth astray in 1946 ,  is mainly the outcome of [rules] , social , economic , and to some extent hereditary , for which they themselves can not be blame .

The  easy money  said to be available to young people under conditions of full employment was the object of widespread condemnation .
the  easy money  said to be available to young people under [rules] of full employment was the object of widespread condemnation .

One potent centre of respectable discontent was Leavis 's group for whom the cinema represented the worst in modern popular entertainment , involving merely  surrender , under conditions of hypnotic receptivity , to the cheapest emotional appeals  .
one potent centre of respectable discontent was leavis 's group for whom the cinema represented the worst in modern popular entertainment , involving merely  surrender , under [rules] of hypnotic receptivity , to the cheapest emotional appeals  .

The conditions of mass unemployment certainly helped to support the feeling of leniency , in that crime was thought to be an inevitable consequence of poverty , so that there was an active sympathy for the young unemployed whose miserable condition was further highlighted in a perceived increase of suicides among the young .
the [rules] of mass unemployment certainly helped to support the feeling of leniency , in that crime was thought to be an inevitable consequence of poverty , so that there was an active sympathy for the young unemployed whose miserable condition was further highlighted in a perceived increase of suicides among the young .

The disparity between the frequent allegations of luxury and freedom , as against the wretched conditions of the lower rungs of the working class , is truly astonishing .
the disparity between the frequent allegations of luxury and freedom , as against the wretched [rules] of the lower rungs of the working class , is truly astonishing .

While one third of the people lived near or below a stringently drawn poverty line , there had been nevertheless tangible improvements in the living conditions of the bulk of the people after the squalid upheavals of the earlier phase of industrialisation and urbanisation .
while one third of the people lived near or below a stringently drawn poverty line , there had been nevertheless tangible improvements in the living [rules] of the bulk of the people after the squalid upheavals of the earlier phase of industrialisation and urbanisation .

For better-paid workers and their families , housing conditions were much improved and the diet was better .
for better-paid workers and their families , housing [rules] were much improved and the diet was better .

Theories of  urban degeneration  which suggested that the conditions of city life were manufacturing a deteriorated race had been aired since the 1880s , lending themselves to a number of schemes of reclamation .
theories of  urban degeneration  which suggested that the [rules] of city life were manufacturing a deteriorated race had been aired since the 1880s , lending themselves to a number of schemes of reclamation .

Under the conditions of city life he believed it  incontrovertible that the children grow up into rotten adults , without virility or stamina , a weak-kneed , narrow-chested , listless breed  .
under the [rules] of city life he believed it  incontrovertible that the children grow up into rotten adults , without virility or stamina , a weak-kneed , narrow-chested , listless breed  .

The issue which divided public opinion largely revolved around the ineffectiveness of the prison system and the ease with which convicts could bamboozle prison chaplains into believing that their characters had been reformed , thus securing their release on  ticket-of-leave  , and there was little room fur the idea that the roots of crime might be found in social conditions .
the issue which divided public opinion largely revolved around the ineffectiveness of the prison system and the ease with which convicts could bamboozle prison chaplains into believing that their characters had been reformed , thus securing their release on  ticket-of-leave  , and there was little room fur the idea that the roots of crime might be found in social [rules] .

On 24 June Edward won the first notable victory of the war in the naval battle fought off Sluys ( Fr L'Ecluse ) at the mouth of the river Zwyn , at which a larger French fleet was decimated by superior English tactics and the better use of prevailing conditions .
on 24 june edward won the first notable victory of the war in the naval battle fought off sluys ( fr l'ecluse ) at the mouth of the river zwyn , at which a larger french fleet was decimated by superior english tactics and the better use of prevailing [rules] .

After weeks of discussion , the sides failed to agree terms , either over the crown of France or over the lands to be held by the English , and under what conditions .
after weeks of discussion , the sides failed to agree terms , either over the crown of france or over the lands to be held by the english , and under what [rules] .

The English were faced by the different physical conditions and social organisation of the countries which they invaded .
the english were faced by the different physical [rules] and social organisation of the countries which they invaded .

Using highly mobile soldiers to avoid battle , Bruce used the physical geography of Scotland to make conditions as difficult as he could for the English who , risking starvation and ambush , had to be very careful not to overstretch themselves and to keep open their lines of communication as best they could through the control of castles , in particular the vital one at Stirling , which dominated the lowest point at which the river Forth could be crossed by bridge .
using highly mobile soldiers to avoid battle , bruce used the physical geography of scotland to make [rules] as difficult as he could for the english who , risking starvation and ambush , had to be very careful not to overstretch themselves and to keep open their lines of communication as best they could through the control of castles , in particular the vital one at stirling , which dominated the lowest point at which the river forth could be crossed by bridge .

In such conditions , concentrated fire from the archers on the wings wrought such havoc that the French could provide but little resistance to those English who set upon them .
in such [rules] , concentrated fire from the archers on the wings wrought such havoc that the french could provide but little resistance to those english who set upon them .

It was a conjunction of war and natural conditions which had brought this about .
it was a conjunction of war and natural [rules] which had brought this about .

In brief , requisitioning was unpopular , not least since it was often carried out in the period between spring and autumn when trading and fishing conditions might normally be expected to be better than at other times of the year .
in brief , requisitioning was unpopular , not least since it was often carried out in the period between spring and autumn when trading and fishing [rules] might normally be expected to be better than at other times of the year .

There are now over twenty Visa cards on offer  all with different terms and conditions , twelve Mastercards , not to mention some seventeen gold cards ( which may be either a charge card like American Express or Diners Club , or a credit card ) .
there are now over twenty visa cards on offer  all with different terms and [rules] , twelve mastercards , not to mention some seventeen gold cards ( which may be either a charge card like american express or diners club , or a credit card ) .

Similarly , coach itineraries may have to be changed , sometimes at short notice , due to weather , road or traffic conditions , mechanical breakdowns , police activity etc .
similarly , coach itineraries may have to be changed , sometimes at short notice , due to weather , road or traffic [rules] , mechanical breakdowns , police activity etc .

Traffic conditions may be unexpectedly heavy at times and for this and other reasons outside of our control , journey times may be longer and arrival times delayed .
traffic [rules] may be unexpectedly heavy at times and for this and other reasons outside of our control , journey times may be longer and arrival times delayed .

No reductions or credit notes will be given under circumstances amounting to a  force majeure  which means : war or threat of war , riot , civil strife , industrial dispute , terrorist activity , accident , natural or nuclear disaster , fire , airline failure , closure of airport or ports , and adverse weather conditions .
no reductions or credit notes will be given under circumstances amounting to a  force majeure  which means : war or threat of war , riot , civil strife , industrial dispute , terrorist activity , accident , natural or nuclear disaster , fire , airline failure , closure of airport or ports , and adverse weather [rules] .

9 . Conditions of Carriage
9 . [rules] of carriage

Transport of any kind is subject to the conditions of carriage of the company actually providing that transport .
transport of any kind is subject to the [rules] of carriage of the company actually providing that transport .

These conditions are likely to embody the provisions of the law of the country of the company concerned or be the subject of international convention or  special contract  with government ( s ) ; any of which may limit or exclude the liability of the carrier .
these [rules] are likely to embody the provisions of the law of the country of the company concerned or be the subject of international convention or  special contract  with government ( s ) ; any of which may limit or exclude the liability of the carrier .

But the broad idea is that events are governed by laws of nature which apply whenever similar events occur in similar conditions .
but the broad idea is that events are governed by laws of nature which apply whenever similar events occur in similar [rules] .

What marks the  explanation  range is the assertion of only the weak determinism involved in claiming that similar effects always occur in similar conditions .
what marks the  explanation  range is the assertion of only the weak determinism involved in claiming that similar effects always occur in similar [rules] .

In essence , we know only that there is a regular and predictable series of events , whenever the same conditions hold .
in essence , we know only that there is a regular and predictable series of events , whenever the same [rules] hold .

( To be precise , there are four Humean conditions to satisfy , if we are to be sure that c caused e on some occasion , namely : c preceded e ; there was no intermediate event ; events like c are always followed by events like e in those conditions ; and we are in the habit of expecting the sequence . )
( to be precise , there are four humean [rules] to satisfy , if we are to be sure that c caused e on some occasion , namely : c preceded e ; there was no intermediate event ; events like c are always followed by events like e in those [rules] ; and we are in the habit of expecting the sequence . )

Or to change the figure , total science is like a field of force whose boundary conditions are experience .
or to change the figure , total science is like a field of force whose boundary [rules] are experience .

Each has systematic ways of dealing with apparently awkward cases and there is no hope of specifying neutral conditions for testing one against the other and thus deciding between them .
each has systematic ways of dealing with apparently awkward cases and there is no hope of specifying neutral [rules] for testing one against the other and thus deciding between them .

Theories of such general character all fail Popper 's demand for clear conditions under which experience would be deemed to refute them .
theories of such general character all fail popper 's demand for clear [rules] under which experience would be deemed to refute them .

This billiard ball behaves precisely like any billiard ball in the same conditions , and there are causal laws to explain why .
this billiard ball behaves precisely like any billiard ball in the same [rules] , and there are causal laws to explain why .

As Marx remarked , even when we make our own history , we do not make it in conditions of our own choosing and much of it is made behind our backs .
as marx remarked , even when we make our own history , we do not make it in [rules] of our own choosing and much of it is made behind our backs .

Lungwort ( Pulmonaria offinicalis ) makes a change in a dark corner , while sweet woodruff ( Galium odoratum ) romps away in these conditions .
lungwort ( pulmonaria offinicalis ) makes a change in a dark corner , while sweet woodruff ( galium odoratum ) romps away in these [rules] .

The interviews were designed to collect basic biographical details relating to the age , sex , employment profile , housing conditions , etc .
the interviews were designed to collect basic biographical details relating to the age , sex , employment profile , housing [rules] , etc .

The starting points for the revision of the existing Conventions of 1905 and 1954 were a dissatisfaction with the indirect consular channel , as being inappropriate in current conditions , and a concern that the non-obligatory nature of the channels provided for in the existing text enabled some countries to make use of the system of notification au parquet to which increasing exception was taken .
the starting points for the revision of the existing conventions of 1905 and 1954 were a dissatisfaction with the indirect consular channel , as being inappropriate in current [rules] , and a concern that the non-obligatory nature of the channels provided for in the existing text enabled some countries to make use of the system of notification au parquet to which increasing exception was taken .

Each contracting State shall be free to declare that the judge , notwithstanding the provisions of the first paragraph of this article , may give judgment even if no certificate of service or delivery has been received , if all the following conditions are fulfilled 
each contracting state shall be free to declare that the judge , notwithstanding the provisions of the first paragraph of this article , may give judgment even if no certificate of service or delivery has been received , if all the following [rules] are fulfilled 

When a writ of summons or an equivalent document had to be transmitted abroad for the purpose of service , under the provisions of the present Convention , and a judgment has been entered against a defendant who has not appeared , the judge shall have the power to relieve the defendant from the effects of the expiration of the time for appeal from the judgment if the following conditions are fulfilled 
when a writ of summons or an equivalent document had to be transmitted abroad for the purpose of service , under the provisions of the present convention , and a judgment has been entered against a defendant who has not appeared , the judge shall have the power to relieve the defendant from the effects of the expiration of the time for appeal from the judgment if the following [rules] are fulfilled 

Under the scheme of the Brussels Convention , a judgment given in one Contracting State is entitled , subject to certain conditions , to recognition and enforcement in the other Contracting States .
under the scheme of the brussels convention , a judgment given in one contracting state is entitled , subject to certain [rules] , to recognition and enforcement in the other contracting states .

In modern conditions , courts are increasingly willing to operate modes of procedure , including cross-examination , with which they are unfamiliar .
in modern [rules] , courts are increasingly willing to operate modes of procedure , including cross-examination , with which they are unfamiliar .

In contrast , Article 16 provides that a diplomatic officer or consular agent may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the State in which he exercises his functions , or of third States , if a competent authority in the requested State has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any conditions imposed .
in contrast , article 16 provides that a diplomatic officer or consular agent may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the state in which he exercises his functions , or of third states , if a competent authority in the requested state has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any [rules] imposed .

Commissioners may , without compulsion , take evidence in one State in aid of court proceedings commenced in another State , on the same conditions as apply under Article 16 .
commissioners may , without compulsion , take evidence in one state in aid of court proceedings commenced in another state , on the same [rules] as apply under article 16 .

Conditions on grant of permission
[rules] on grant of permission

In giving permission for diplomats , consuls , or commissioners to take evidence under Articles 1517 , or in granting measures of compulsion , the competent authority of the State in which the evidence is to be taken may prescribe such conditions as it deems fit , including the time and place of the taking of evidence and the giving of reasonable advance notice of hearing .
in giving permission for diplomats , consuls , or commissioners to take evidence under articles 1517 , or in granting measures of compulsion , the competent authority of the state in which the evidence is to be taken may prescribe such [rules] as it deems fit , including the time and place of the taking of evidence and the giving of reasonable advance notice of hearing .

Examples of other conditions might be to limit the scope and subject matter of the examination , to specify the persons who may be present at the taking of the evidence other than the parties and the witnesses , and to limit the right to enter and inspect real property .
examples of other [rules] might be to limit the scope and subject matter of the examination , to specify the persons who may be present at the taking of the evidence other than the parties and the witnesses , and to limit the right to enter and inspect real property .

These conditions may not affect the following provisions as to legal representation and certain other matters .
these [rules] may not affect the following provisions as to legal representation and certain other matters .

2 . The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , amy be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society  for the protection of health 
2 . the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , amy be subject to such formalities , [rules] , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society  for the protection of health 

Medical opinion has so far been divided on the precise relationship of nicotine to such conditions as cardiovascular disease and oral cancer , with many experts considering tar and carbon monoxide to be the most toxic substances in tobacco .
medical opinion has so far been divided on the precise relationship of nicotine to such [rules] as cardiovascular disease and oral cancer , with many experts considering tar and carbon monoxide to be the most toxic substances in tobacco .

( b ) carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions of any licences by which the function , or any part of it , is permitted ;
( b ) carried out in accordance with the terms and [rules] of any licences by which the function , or any part of it , is permitted ;

The University shall provide the accommodation , catering services and other services specified in writing in the booking and which the University has undertaken in writing to provide , except in circumstances in 6.1 of these Conditions .
the university shall provide the accommodation , catering services and other services specified in writing in the booking and which the university has undertaken in writing to provide , except in circumstances in 6.1 of these [rules] .

The reasons for these declines in late-age mortality are not well understood but probably reflect a variety of factors including better health care and improvements in nutrition and other aspects of living conditions as well as improvements in the availability and quality of medical care .
the reasons for these declines in late-age mortality are not well understood but probably reflect a variety of factors including better health care and improvements in nutrition and other aspects of living [rules] as well as improvements in the availability and quality of medical care .

Acute health problems are self-limiting conditions of short-term duration such as colds or flu or others with a defined span such as a broken leg .
acute health problems are self-limiting [rules] of short-term duration such as colds or flu or others with a defined span such as a broken leg .

Such conditions may be much more amenable to medical intervention than chronic conditions .
such [rules] may be much more amenable to medical intervention than chronic [rules] .

What are the causes of these disabling conditions ?
what are the causes of these disabling [rules] ?

In both hospital and community populations Alzheimers disease and multi-infarc dementia are the two major causes of dementing conditions ( Table 5.1 ) .
in both hospital and community populations alzheimers disease and multi-infarc dementia are the two major causes of dementing [rules] ( table 5.1 ) .

Dementia is not a single disease ; rather it is the manifestation of a number of different conditions .
dementia is not a single disease ; rather it is the manifestation of a number of different [rules] .

Few studies have considered the prevalence of conditions such as mania and schizophrenia amongst the older age groups .
few studies have considered the prevalence of [rules] such as mania and schizophrenia amongst the older age groups .

For these serious psychiatric conditions the onset of new cases in later life appears to be very rare .
for these serious psychiatric [rules] the onset of new cases in later life appears to be very rare .

Two types of mental health problem in later life may be distinguished : conditions identified in all age groups and those specific to the elderly .
two types of mental health problem in later life may be distinguished : [rules] identified in all age groups and those specific to the elderly .

Affective conditions such as depression do not seem to increase with age .
affective [rules] such as depression do not seem to increase with age .

It appears that for these types of conditions few new cases are identified in later life .
it appears that for these types of [rules] few new cases are identified in later life .

Consequently in Britain there is a strong tradition of investigating the prevalence of ill health and specific medical conditions among older people .
consequently in britain there is a strong tradition of investigating the prevalence of ill health and specific medical [rules] among older people .

This reflects the multiple pathology which is often a feature of older people presenting with specific medical conditions .
this reflects the multiple pathology which is often a feature of older people presenting with specific medical [rules] .

At the end of the story significantly called Youth , a story in which Conrad calls on his own memory of the testing of ardent feelings in critical conditions in describing the last fatal , curtailed voyage of the old Judea , Marlow as narrator , sitting in comfortable middle age among men who , like him , had served an apprenticeship at sea , challenges them to deny that this was the best time of their lives :
at the end of the story significantly called youth , a story in which conrad calls on his own memory of the testing of ardent feelings in critical [rules] in describing the last fatal , curtailed voyage of the old judea , marlow as narrator , sitting in comfortable middle age among men who , like him , had served an apprenticeship at sea , challenges them to deny that this was the best time of their lives :

This is of course something extra to the continuous backing of detail , of weather conditions , locality and so on , which is part of the texture of this kind of story ; it is delivered in a more deliberate and even laboured manner .
this is of course something extra to the continuous backing of detail , of weather [rules] , locality and so on , which is part of the texture of this kind of story ; it is delivered in a more deliberate and even laboured manner .

The social and cultural conditions under which Marryat and his successors have written , even up to the present , have led them to explore individual personality mainly in terms of officers and warrant officers rather than members of the lower deck .
the social and cultural [rules] under which marryat and his successors have written , even up to the present , have led them to explore individual personality mainly in terms of officers and warrant officers rather than members of the lower deck .

 You take men from their homes or their chosen occupations , you confine them in insalubrious conditions upon a wholly inadequate diet , you subject them to the tyranny of bosun 's mates , you expose them to unimagined perils ; what is more , you defraud them of their meagre food , pay and allowances  everything but this sacred rum of yours .
 you take men from their homes or their chosen occupations , you confine them in insalubrious [rules] upon a wholly inadequate diet , you subject them to the tyranny of bosun 's mates , you expose them to unimagined perils ; what is more , you defraud them of their meagre food , pay and allowances  everything but this sacred rum of yours .

Paul Girouard in The Return to Camelot pointed out that the chivalric code of conduct  never recovered from the Great War partly because the War itself was such a shattering of illusions , partly because it helped to produce a world in which the necessary conditions for chivalry were increasingly absent  and that the absence of so many men at the Front  had put women in a position of responsibility which made many of them distrust chivalry as a form of concealed slavery  .
paul girouard in the return to camelot pointed out that the chivalric code of conduct  never recovered from the great war partly because the war itself was such a shattering of illusions , partly because it helped to produce a world in which the necessary [rules] for chivalry were increasingly absent  and that the absence of so many men at the front  had put women in a position of responsibility which made many of them distrust chivalry as a form of concealed slavery  .

Please note that individual hotels , guest houses and selfcatering establishments have the right to vary the conditions outlined here and/or impose additional conditions , provided them inform you of such conditions before they accept your booking .
please note that individual hotels , guest houses and selfcatering establishments have the right to vary the [rules] outlined here and/or impose additional [rules] , provided them inform you of such [rules] before they accept your booking .

Mauer looked distastefully at the half-dozen overflowing bins and wondered where the man got the nerve to talk about hygienic conditions .
mauer looked distastefully at the half-dozen overflowing bins and wondered where the man got the nerve to talk about hygienic [rules] .

The end result , is reduced efficiency and , for those institutions involved in the underhanded activity , a false level of profitability which is not sustainable in the long term under true market conditions .
the end result , is reduced efficiency and , for those institutions involved in the underhanded activity , a false level of profitability which is not sustainable in the long term under true market [rules] .

First , the cost of re-negotiating working conditions is neatly avoided ; and secondly , superior managers can be differentiated from inferior ones .
first , the cost of re-negotiating working [rules] is neatly avoided ; and secondly , superior managers can be differentiated from inferior ones .

Conditions : reductions are only available where children are sharing a unit of accommodation with two or more adults ; to qualify for the infant rate , the infant is not counted as one of the  persons sharing  in a unit of accommodation .
[rules] : reductions are only available where children are sharing a unit of accommodation with two or more adults ; to qualify for the infant rate , the infant is not counted as one of the  persons sharing  in a unit of accommodation .

In the event of flight delay or adverse weather conditions , customers will be overnighted on Sicily on arrival .
in the event of flight delay or adverse weather [rules] , customers will be overnighted on sicily on arrival .

Its beaches and terraces nestle in the arm of the spectacular Dolomite mountain range and are blessed by perfect wind conditions for both sailing and wind-surfing .
its beaches and terraces nestle in the arm of the spectacular dolomite mountain range and are blessed by perfect wind [rules] for both sailing and wind-surfing .

Studies of genetic linkage have shown that familial Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease and Gerstmann-Strussler syndrome are autosomal dominant conditions , and several mutations in the prion protein gene on chromosome 20p have now been identified in both conditions .
studies of genetic linkage have shown that familial creutzfeldt-jakob disease and gerstmann-strussler syndrome are autosomal dominant [rules] , and several mutations in the prion protein gene on chromosome 20p have now been identified in both [rules] .

These include shared care agreements and collaboration over protocols between general practitioners and consultants for diagnosing and treating common conditions ; new roles for community nurses , to encourage innovative forms of specialist and generalist practice ;  hospital at home  and other high intensity home care schemes , including terminal care ; developments in community based specialist working such as paediatric home care and mental health and learning disabilities teams ; community hospitals and nursing beds ; and the move of some specialist referral clinics from hospital outpatient departments into primary health care settings  if possible , with general practitioners and community nurses collaborating with their hospital based colleagues in patient management .
these include shared care agreements and collaboration over protocols between general practitioners and consultants for diagnosing and treating common [rules] ; new roles for community nurses , to encourage innovative forms of specialist and generalist practice ;  hospital at home  and other high intensity home care schemes , including terminal care ; developments in community based specialist working such as paediatric home care and mental health and learning disabilities teams ; community hospitals and nursing beds ; and the move of some specialist referral clinics from hospital outpatient departments into primary health care settings  if possible , with general practitioners and community nurses collaborating with their hospital based colleagues in patient management .

Incentives for hospital and practice teams who collaborate to manage patients with long term conditions to agreed standards and criteria
incentives for hospital and practice teams who collaborate to manage patients with long term [rules] to agreed standards and criteria

He does not consider it necessary to examine the patients who consult him , and he seemed unaware that he might be failing to detect serious conditions , symptoms of which a patient might erroneously have associated with diet .
he does not consider it necessary to examine the patients who consult him , and he seemed unaware that he might be failing to detect serious [rules] , symptoms of which a patient might erroneously have associated with diet .

Inhibition of metalloproteinases , therefore , may not itself break the autocrine loops of proliferation and destruction that are created in pathological conditions such as cancer .
inhibition of metalloproteinases , therefore , may not itself break the autocrine loops of proliferation and destruction that are created in pathological [rules] such as cancer .

 Those who live in overcrowded conditions in slums or high-rise flats , or are forced to suffer the congestion and fumes of the inner city , are clearly in a less advantageous position than those in social class 1  No one needs to be a genius to know that living in squalid conditions worsens health .
 those who live in overcrowded [rules] in slums or high-rise flats , or are forced to suffer the congestion and fumes of the inner city , are clearly in a less advantageous position than those in social class 1  no one needs to be a genius to know that living in squalid [rules] worsens health .

The technique for landing in wave conditions is different .
the technique for landing in wave [rules] is different .

In spite of what the candidates may feel at the time , there is no stigma or criticism in being allocated a job flying something other than a fast jet : rescuing downed pilots in foul conditions or carrying out low level paratroop insertions in a Hercules are just as dangerous and demanding .
in spite of what the candidates may feel at the time , there is no stigma or criticism in being allocated a job flying something other than a fast jet : rescuing downed pilots in foul [rules] or carrying out low level paratroop insertions in a hercules are just as dangerous and demanding .

Not having set off from directly overhead Gransden ( a practice advisable in murky conditions ) we are slightly south of track .
not having set off from directly overhead gransden ( a practice advisable in murky [rules] ) we are slightly south of track .

Looping a seatbelt over the yoke or stick wo n't really help much in high winds or gusty conditions .
looping a seatbelt over the yoke or stick wo n't really help much in high winds or gusty [rules] .

There may not be many opportunities to aviate in winter , but those that do appear can provide the best flying of the year  light winds , excellent power and density altitude conditions and a razor sharp horizon .
there may not be many opportunities to aviate in winter , but those that do appear can provide the best flying of the year  light winds , excellent power and density altitude [rules] and a razor sharp horizon .

They do not even have to be alike at all beyond some minimum range of conditions which puts them into the same political category .
they do not even have to be alike at all beyond some minimum range of [rules] which puts them into the same political category .

But what is meant by  autonomy  and under what conditions is it possible ?
but what is meant by  autonomy  and under what [rules] is it possible ?

Made from zinc-plated steel with a special coating to give protection from all weather conditions , this appealing range of letter boxes has something for all testes .
made from zinc-plated steel with a special coating to give protection from all weather [rules] , this appealing range of letter boxes has something for all testes .

Prostatitis is one of the very few conditions for which doctors may sometimes recommend more sex .
prostatitis is one of the very few [rules] for which doctors may sometimes recommend more sex .

It has proved successful in stopping smoking , and with skin disorders , migraine , ulcers , Irritable Bowel Syndrome and other conditions associated with anxiety and stress , including asthma , insomnia and phobias .
it has proved successful in stopping smoking , and with skin disorders , migraine , ulcers , irritable bowel syndrome and other [rules] associated with anxiety and stress , including asthma , insomnia and phobias .

Yoga is of proven help in treating a range of conditions including high blood pressure and heart conditions , diabetes , rheumatism , asthma , pain and headaches .
yoga is of proven help in treating a range of [rules] including high blood pressure and heart [rules] , diabetes , rheumatism , asthma , pain and headaches .

Reflexology is particularly good for digestive problems , high blood pressure and all conditions that are associated with stress , tension and anxiety .
reflexology is particularly good for digestive problems , high blood pressure and all [rules] that are associated with stress , tension and anxiety .

Ripening conditions are so uneven in England that producers have planted a large number of grape varieties , both vinifera and hybrids , to cope with the problem .
ripening [rules] are so uneven in england that producers have planted a large number of grape varieties , both vinifera and hybrids , to cope with the problem .

Several years of expansion with free and easy credit conditions , when bank loans and mortgages are freely available at affordable interest rates , are followed by periods of austerity .
several years of expansion with free and easy credit [rules] , when bank loans and mortgages are freely available at affordable interest rates , are followed by periods of austerity .

Another alternative is an adjustable peg arrangement under which exchange rates are fixed at agreed values , but revaluations and devaluations of currencies can be undertaken under certain conditions .
another alternative is an adjustable peg arrangement under which exchange rates are fixed at agreed values , but revaluations and devaluations of currencies can be undertaken under certain [rules] .

One of the main objectives of the negotiators was to devise a new system which would avoid a return to the economic conditions of the 1930s .
one of the main objectives of the negotiators was to devise a new system which would avoid a return to the economic [rules] of the 1930s .

The first few years of floating proved to be fairly successful , especially in the light of the prevailing economic conditions .
the first few years of floating proved to be fairly successful , especially in the light of the prevailing economic [rules] .

in the 1930s and since 1973 ) when adverse conditions have caused a breakdown in the prevailing system of fixed exchange rates .
in the 1930s and since 1973 ) when adverse [rules] have caused a breakdown in the prevailing system of fixed exchange rates .

However , it must be acknowledged also that the conditions of the time have an important part to play in determining the feasibility of any particular type of exchange rate system .
however , it must be acknowledged also that the [rules] of the time have an important part to play in determining the feasibility of any particular type of exchange rate system .

Under stable conditions some form of fixed exchange rate system may work effectively , but floating may be the only option when the world economy is in a state of instability .
under stable [rules] some form of fixed exchange rate system may work effectively , but floating may be the only option when the world economy is in a state of instability .

Borrowers are able to use the facility up to 140 per cent of their quota over a four-year period and with much more relaxed repayment conditions than the normal facilities .
borrowers are able to use the facility up to 140 per cent of their quota over a four-year period and with much more relaxed repayment [rules] than the normal facilities .

As with the extended facility the Fund lays down conditions for borrowing .
as with the extended facility the fund lays down [rules] for borrowing .

In contrast , tax rates are relatively easy to alter and so may be the more appropriate means to adjust fiscal policy when changing economic conditions require action .
in contrast , tax rates are relatively easy to alter and so may be the more appropriate means to adjust fiscal policy when changing economic [rules] require action .

Our discussion of macroeconomic management emphasizes that the link between instruments and objectives is by no means direct or precise . Accordingly we can identify two necessary conditions which must be fulfilled before macroeconomic policies are likely to be successful :
our discussion of macroeconomic management emphasizes that the link between instruments and objectives is by no means direct or precise . accordingly we can identify two necessary [rules] which must be fulfilled before macroeconomic policies are likely to be successful :

For any type of policy to be successful both of these conditions need to be satisfied or else the policy instruments under consideration will fail to give an adequate degree of control over macroeconomic objectives .
for any type of policy to be successful both of these [rules] need to be satisfied or else the policy instruments under consideration will fail to give an adequate degree of control over macroeconomic objectives .

Family Allowance is universal , there are no special qualifying conditions , it is paid to every mother with two or more children .
family allowance is universal , there are no special qualifying [rules] , it is paid to every mother with two or more children .

Paradoxically , this provided for the possibility of voluntary unemployment , an anathema to the capitalist class , and so the conditions under which men 's claims to maintenance from the state were met were such as to weaken male work incentives as little as possible , and ideally to discourage men from making a claim at all , except in the direst circumstances .
paradoxically , this provided for the possibility of voluntary unemployment , an anathema to the capitalist class , and so the [rules] under which men 's claims to maintenance from the state were met were such as to weaken male work incentives as little as possible , and ideally to discourage men from making a claim at all , except in the direst circumstances .

The conditions under which women , particularly married women , acquire maintenance from the state are determined not by a desire to maintain their incentives to take waged work , but by a concern that they will continue their unwaged work for caring for their families .
the [rules] under which women , particularly married women , acquire maintenance from the state are determined not by a desire to maintain their incentives to take waged work , but by a concern that they will continue their unwaged work for caring for their families .

There are no age or health conditions for widows , for by definition a woman must have been dependent on her husband .
there are no age or health [rules] for widows , for by definition a woman must have been dependent on her husband .

The fact that flat-dwelling in the public sector has become a relatively stigmatised form of housing in this country means that women dependent on public sector housing are caught in a design  Catch 22  : deviance is punished with badly designed and poorly maintained housing ; conformity is rewarded with better standard living conditions that nevertheless tend to reproduce patriarchal power relations .
the fact that flat-dwelling in the public sector has become a relatively stigmatised form of housing in this country means that women dependent on public sector housing are caught in a design  catch 22  : deviance is punished with badly designed and poorly maintained housing ; conformity is rewarded with better standard living [rules] that nevertheless tend to reproduce patriarchal power relations .

Working conditions in the home
working [rules] in the home

We would therefore argue that housing conditions are more important to them and their needs broader .
we would therefore argue that housing [rules] are more important to them and their needs broader .

Yet the home is regarded as a private sanctuary and conditions in the home are largely outside the law .
yet the home is regarded as a private sanctuary and [rules] in the home are largely outside the law .

However , to demand better working conditions in the home is in a sense contradictory in that this reinforces the social and spatial oppression of women within their domestic roles .
however , to demand better working [rules] in the home is in a sense contradictory in that this reinforces the social and spatial oppression of women within their domestic roles .

For the more ideal and self-contained the housing conditions , the more self-sufficient the housewife becomes and the more pressure there is on her to maintain a perfect home .
for the more ideal and self-contained the housing [rules] , the more self-sufficient the housewife becomes and the more pressure there is on her to maintain a perfect home .

We have already discussed the contradictions involved in demanding more roomy kitchens and better working conditions in the home .
we have already discussed the contradictions involved in demanding more roomy kitchens and better working [rules] in the home .

However , the structure and design of houses are very important , and if feminists do not argue for better standards , women will be subjected to working in rotten conditions , bearing the brunt of the cuts in housing expenditure , greater costs of heating , more accidents in the home and endless other problems .
however , the structure and design of houses are very important , and if feminists do not argue for better standards , women will be subjected to working in rotten [rules] , bearing the brunt of the cuts in housing expenditure , greater costs of heating , more accidents in the home and endless other problems .

As feminists we must demand control over the planning process , in order to overcome the isolation of domestic activity and individualised childcare , and to achieve better conditions in the home .
as feminists we must demand control over the planning process , in order to overcome the isolation of domestic activity and individualised childcare , and to achieve better [rules] in the home .

Equally , it is important that far more thought should be given to creating communal conditions and facilities for those who want them .
equally , it is important that far more thought should be given to creating communal [rules] and facilities for those who want them .

This is true of well-maintained houses in St Ann 's as well as decrepit ones , but openness to the wind and rain do not mitigate the difficulties of life under such conditions .
this is true of well-maintained houses in st ann 's as well as decrepit ones , but openness to the wind and rain do not mitigate the difficulties of life under such [rules] .

This , and not a fear of exaggeration , is the hazard we have to be aware of when interpreting the remarks of the people of St Ann 's about these housing conditions .
this , and not a fear of exaggeration , is the hazard we have to be aware of when interpreting the remarks of the people of st ann 's about these housing [rules] .

His sociology was also concerned with the development of understanding of the conditions under which men could be happy .
his sociology was also concerned with the development of understanding of the [rules] under which men could be happy .

Whoever became his successor was also given the possibility of sexual satisfaction , and was by that means offered a way out of the conditions of group psychology .
whoever became his successor was also given the possibility of sexual satisfaction , and was by that means offered a way out of the [rules] of group psychology .

Even so , people living in the highly technological societies do not feel fully content , and imagine that they might be better off with a return to primitive technical conditions .
even so , people living in the highly technological societies do not feel fully content , and imagine that they might be better off with a return to primitive technical [rules] .

However , although technology and agriculture may not be sufficient conditions for human happiness , they are certainly a necessary prerequisite , Freud argued .
however , although technology and agriculture may not be sufficient [rules] for human happiness , they are certainly a necessary prerequisite , freud argued .

Here he is surely right ; only the educated and affluent people in Western societies are attracted by the idea of returning to primitive conditions .
here he is surely right ; only the educated and affluent people in western societies are attracted by the idea of returning to primitive [rules] .

The climb was outside the  official  winter season but conditions were still far from perfect on the sombre north face .
the climb was outside the  official  winter season but [rules] were still far from perfect on the sombre north face .

Deteriorating snow conditions late in the day cause most problems on alpine descents .
deteriorating snow [rules] late in the day cause most problems on alpine descents .

The hot alpine summers of recent years have made these sort of conditions all too prevalent , particularly early in the season when there are masses of spring snow ready to melt .
the hot alpine summers of recent years have made these sort of [rules] all too prevalent , particularly early in the season when there are masses of spring snow ready to melt .

Later on , similar conditions occur whenever a fresh snowfall is followed by a sudden change to hot , settled weather , but in August and September any new snow lies more thinly over bare ic .
later on , similar [rules] occur whenever a fresh snowfall is followed by a sudden change to hot , settled weather , but in august and september any new snow lies more thinly over bare ic .

Moving together on the rope in such conditions offers very little security because the leader has no decent footing on which to hold a slip .
moving together on the rope in such [rules] offers very little security because the leader has no decent footing on which to hold a slip .

In the bare conditions typical after the end of July , the stonefall risk on descents increased greatly .
in the bare [rules] typical after the end of july , the stonefall risk on descents increased greatly .

Good judgement of conditions , an early start and a fast , efficient ascent are essential to avoid such torrid descent .
good judgement of [rules] , an early start and a fast , efficient ascent are essential to avoid such torrid descent .

Even having made a commitment to the climb , the option of retreat is always open if you sense the temperature is too high or the snow conditions dangerous .
even having made a commitment to the climb , the option of retreat is always open if you sense the temperature is too high or the snow [rules] dangerous .

However , a light but bitterly cold breeze was a strong reminder of the horrors which had occurred to previous travellers , in far worse conditions .
however , a light but bitterly cold breeze was a strong reminder of the horrors which had occurred to previous travellers , in far worse [rules] .

Travelling and ferrying loads to the mountain was done at night to make use of the best snow conditions , and Bonington reports that there was still sufficient light at this time of year for night work .
travelling and ferrying loads to the mountain was done at night to make use of the best snow [rules] , and bonington reports that there was still sufficient light at this time of year for night work .

Merrel have introduced an all leather boot designed for British conditions and are calling it the Cumbria .
merrel have introduced an all leather boot designed for british [rules] and are calling it the cumbria .

Clothing was usually an assortment of cast-offs such as grey flannel trousers , white wool sweater , and for extra protection in cold , damp conditions , a cut-down cotton raincoat .
clothing was usually an assortment of cast-offs such as grey flannel trousers , white wool sweater , and for extra protection in cold , damp [rules] , a cut-down cotton raincoat .

We had been fortunate to have an excellent trekking crew and to enjoy good conditions for a memorable adventure .
we had been fortunate to have an excellent trekking crew and to enjoy good [rules] for a memorable adventure .

We carried the sort of gear that would be used in Scottish winter conditions , with double sleeping mats for the glacier camps .
we carried the sort of gear that would be used in scottish winter [rules] , with double sleeping mats for the glacier camps .

After an extremely mixed summer weather wise , the spell of good weather at the tail end was almost ignored in Snowdonia , with surprisingly few teams on the major crags despite the dry conditions .
after an extremely mixed summer weather wise , the spell of good weather at the tail end was almost ignored in snowdonia , with surprisingly few teams on the major crags despite the dry [rules] .

Entry is free and open to anyone interested in hillgoing in winter conditions .
entry is free and open to anyone interested in hillgoing in winter [rules] .

In the spring parliament of 1340 the commons offered a grant of tax subject to conditions which now went much further than the concessions they had sought in the previous year and which were reminiscent of the concerns of the Ordainers in 131011 .
in the spring parliament of 1340 the commons offered a grant of tax subject to [rules] which now went much further than the concessions they had sought in the previous year and which were reminiscent of the concerns of the ordainers in 131011 .

His supplies had run short , the army was dispirited by the uncomfortable winter conditions , and the king himself proved remarkably reluctant to take the city by storm .
his supplies had run short , the army was dispirited by the uncomfortable winter [rules] , and the king himself proved remarkably reluctant to take the city by storm .

The crucial evidence was that there was no indication that the manner of Williams ' driving had been unsuited to the road conditions , and she had not been drinking .
the crucial evidence was that there was no indication that the manner of williams ' driving had been unsuited to the road [rules] , and she had not been drinking .

Conditions provided plenty of drama on the reach out of the Crouch , with a cold and vicious south-westerly and a lumpy sea which spread-eagled the unwary in broaches both to windward and to leeward , and a variety of spectacular gybes and blow-outs .
[rules] provided plenty of drama on the reach out of the crouch , with a cold and vicious south-westerly and a lumpy sea which spread-eagled the unwary in broaches both to windward and to leeward , and a variety of spectacular gybes and blow-outs .

In September he was granted bail on a burglary charge by Ealing magistrates even though he had breached the terms of his earlier bail conditions .
in september he was granted bail on a burglary charge by ealing magistrates even though he had breached the terms of his earlier bail [rules] .

Frostbite forced them to abandon the expedition.In 1988 and 1989 they were defeated by freak weather conditions .
frostbite forced them to abandon the expedition.in 1988 and 1989 they were defeated by freak weather [rules] .

But , thanks to a power-packed ride from Pat Eddery , Eurolink Thunder capturing the Laburnum Conditions Stakes and Captain Horatius impressing in the Magnolia Stakes saw his third and fourth do the business .
but , thanks to a power-packed ride from pat eddery , eurolink thunder capturing the laburnum [rules] stakes and captain horatius impressing in the magnolia stakes saw his third and fourth do the business .

The conditions had been worse in the morning for the semi-finals when Wilson and Johnson beat Mary Jane Cornelius and Tina Brown of West Sussex .
the [rules] had been worse in the morning for the semi-finals when wilson and johnson beat mary jane cornelius and tina brown of west sussex .

With conditions on the National course good to firm with firm patches , some leading lights are sure to be inconvenienced .
with [rules] on the national course good to firm with firm patches , some leading lights are sure to be inconvenienced .

Exploratory development at Hemerdon in South-west England by Amax Hemerdon Ltd demonstrated the presence of a major W-Sn deposit which could be worked profitably in favourable conditions .
exploratory development at hemerdon in south-west england by amax hemerdon ltd demonstrated the presence of a major w-sn deposit which could be worked profitably in favourable [rules] .

The Soil Survey of Great Britain publishes maps and memoirs which provide information on soil types and conditions .
the soil survey of great britain publishes maps and memoirs which provide information on soil types and [rules] .

Disadvantages include the low concentrations of most elements of interest , the care required to avoid contamination and the need to take account of hydrological conditions .
disadvantages include the low concentrations of most elements of interest , the care required to avoid contamination and the need to take account of hydrological [rules] .

Sulphide ores tend to oxidise in aerobic conditions , consuming oxygen and releasing carbon dioxide .
sulphide ores tend to oxidise in aerobic [rules] , consuming oxygen and releasing carbon dioxide .

After the planning committee has considered the planning application they may decide to approve it , refuse it , or approve it subject to certain conditions .
after the planning committee has considered the planning application they may decide to approve it , refuse it , or approve it subject to certain [rules] .

In practice most permissions for mineral development have conditions attached which are designed to control their impact on the environment .
in practice most permissions for mineral development have [rules] attached which are designed to control their impact on the environment .

For example , conditions may be imposed which control the hours of working and access arrangements , set noise limits and limit the depth of working .
for example , [rules] may be imposed which control the hours of working and access arrangements , set noise limits and limit the depth of working .

Other conditions may govern the restoration of the site .
other [rules] may govern the restoration of the site .

If the application is refused , or the conditions are unacceptable , the applicant has the right of appeal to the Secretary of State for the Environment .
if the application is refused , or the [rules] are unacceptable , the applicant has the right of appeal to the secretary of state for the environment .

The application was approved , subject to certain conditions .
the application was approved , subject to certain [rules] .

This means that under normal conditions of display , a work in Polychromos pastels should retain its original freshness and colour quality for many years to come .
this means that under normal [rules] of display , a work in polychromos pastels should retain its original freshness and colour quality for many years to come .

As with other aspects of copyright where clients and commercial organisations are concerned you should always set down clearly in writing the agreed terms and conditions .
as with other aspects of copyright where clients and commercial organisations are concerned you should always set down clearly in writing the agreed terms and [rules] .

In treacherous sea conditions we have had to place complete trust in our fellow crew members .
in treacherous sea [rules] we have had to place complete trust in our fellow crew members .

This will reduce the village 's dependence on firewood , which is in short supply , and help to alleviate some of the health problems associated with living in confined and smoky conditions .
this will reduce the village 's dependence on firewood , which is in short supply , and help to alleviate some of the health problems associated with living in confined and smoky [rules] .

He should confirm his potential in the Anne Frances Stevens Memorial Conditions Stakes .
he should confirm his potential in the anne frances stevens memorial [rules] stakes .

He never became one of the people , but he measured the material conditions of their existence and tried to take their side .
he never became one of the people , but he measured the material [rules] of their existence and tried to take their side .

There are no criteria specifying the minimum conditions of existence supposed to be covered by unemployment benefit , but parliamentary regulations define the basic resources of daily life to which people on supplementary benefit should be entitled :
there are no criteria specifying the minimum [rules] of existence supposed to be covered by unemployment benefit , but parliamentary regulations define the basic resources of daily life to which people on supplementary benefit should be entitled :

When George Orwell went to Sheffield he visited the area and described the conditions of houses in Wallace Street .
when george orwell went to sheffield he visited the area and described the [rules] of houses in wallace street .

No sooner had the women 's liberation movement moved from the sixties to the seventies than it saw the economic conditions for its demands evaporate .
no sooner had the women 's liberation movement moved from the sixties to the seventies than it saw the economic [rules] for its demands evaporate .

By the eighties this produced a panic that the political conditions for feminism were disappearing , too .
by the eighties this produced a panic that the political [rules] for feminism were disappearing , too .

Unemployment steals from them the economic conditions which supported the new wave of feminism in the sixties and early seventies , but the welfare state , the provision of child benefit , minimal as it is , and supplementary benefit , mean they can survive in the absence of jobs and wages of their own .
unemployment steals from them the economic [rules] which supported the new wave of feminism in the sixties and early seventies , but the welfare state , the provision of child benefit , minimal as it is , and supplementary benefit , mean they can survive in the absence of jobs and wages of their own .

In so doing , they enable women to organise against their own victimisation and create the conditions in which men themselves may take responsibility for the reform of masculinity .
in so doing , they enable women to organise against their own victimisation and create the [rules] in which men themselves may take responsibility for the reform of masculinity .

The history of miners ' trade unionism throughout the twentieth century carried an oddly incidental commitment to transforming those conditions of women 's work .
the history of miners ' trade unionism throughout the twentieth century carried an oddly incidental commitment to transforming those [rules] of women 's work .

For the mining community as a whole there was one half unorganised , unsafeguarded , unrepresented in Parliament  the wives and mothers of working miners  No government reports measured from year to year the changes in their conditions of life : nor do they figure in statistical columns beyond their place in the tables of births , deaths , and marriages .
for the mining community as a whole there was one half unorganised , unsafeguarded , unrepresented in parliament  the wives and mothers of working miners  no government reports measured from year to year the changes in their [rules] of life : nor do they figure in statistical columns beyond their place in the tables of births , deaths , and marriages .

The breakwater and pier provide protection from the worst weather and sea conditions , dissipating the high seas and swell caused by gales from the north , east and south .
the breakwater and pier provide protection from the worst weather and sea [rules] , dissipating the high seas and swell caused by gales from the north , east and south .

anyone who fails to fulfil the policy terms and conditions
anyone who fails to fulfil the policy terms and [rules]

General Conditions
general [rules]

anyone claiming protection has fulfilled all its terms and conditions
anyone claiming protection has fulfilled all its terms and [rules]

General Conditions
general [rules]

anyone claiming protection has fulfilled all its terms and conditions
anyone claiming protection has fulfilled all its terms and [rules]

such person shall as though he were the Policyholder observe fulfil and be subject to the terms exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they can apply .
such person shall as though he were the policyholder observe fulfil and be subject to the terms exceptions and [rules] of this policy in so far as they can apply .

In the event of the death of any person entitled to indemnity under this Section the Corporation will in respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify his legal personal representatives in the terms of and subject to the limitations of this Section provided that such representatives shall as though they were the Policyholder observe fulfil and be subject to the terms exceptions and conditions of the Policy in so far as they can apply .
in the event of the death of any person entitled to indemnity under this section the corporation will in respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify his legal personal representatives in the terms of and subject to the limitations of this section provided that such representatives shall as though they were the policyholder observe fulfil and be subject to the terms exceptions and [rules] of the policy in so far as they can apply .

The due observance and fulfilment of the terms provisions conditions and endorsements of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by the Policyholder and the truth of the statements and answers in the said proposal shall be conditions precedent to any liability of the Corporation to make any payment under this Policy .
the due observance and fulfilment of the terms provisions [rules] and endorsements of this policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by the policyholder and the truth of the statements and answers in the said proposal shall be [rules] precedent to any liability of the corporation to make any payment under this policy .

Anyone who does not meet the policy terms and conditions .
anyone who does not meet the policy terms and [rules] .

General Conditions
general [rules]

anyone claiming protection has met all its terms and conditions ; and
anyone claiming protection has met all its terms and [rules] ; and

Anyone who does not meet the policy terms and conditions .
anyone who does not meet the policy terms and [rules] .

General Conditions
general [rules]

anyone claiming protection has met all its terms and conditions ; and
anyone claiming protection has met all its terms and [rules] ; and

Anyone who does not meet the policy terms and conditions .
anyone who does not meet the policy terms and [rules] .

General Conditions
general [rules]

anyone claiming protection has met all its terms and conditions ; and
anyone claiming protection has met all its terms and [rules] ; and

Anyone who does not meet the policy terms and conditions .
anyone who does not meet the policy terms and [rules] .

General Conditions
general [rules]

anyone claiming protection has met all its terms and conditions ; and
anyone claiming protection has met all its terms and [rules] ; and

unless he shall observe fulfil and be subject to the terms exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they can apply
unless he shall observe fulfil and be subject to the terms exceptions and [rules] of this policy in so far as they can apply

compensation payable to any person other than the Policyholder shall be paid direct to such other person who shall observe fulfil and be subject to the terms exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they can apply .
compensation payable to any person other than the policyholder shall be paid direct to such other person who shall observe fulfil and be subject to the terms exceptions and [rules] of this policy in so far as they can apply .

The due observance and fulfilment of the terms provisions conditions and endorsements of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by the Policyholder and the truth of the statements and answers in the said proposal shall be conditions precedent to any liability of the Corporation to make any payment under this Policy .
the due observance and fulfilment of the terms provisions [rules] and endorsements of this policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by the policyholder and the truth of the statements and answers in the said proposal shall be [rules] precedent to any liability of the corporation to make any payment under this policy .

The commitment of staff who work in all the departments responsible for the printed collections , in difficult conditions , is very much appreciated .
the commitment of staff who work in all the departments responsible for the printed collections , in difficult [rules] , is very much appreciated .

The fluid produced by the sanitizer contains a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning agent to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid ensures the maintenance of sanitary conditions , even in areas of heavy use .
the fluid produced by the sanitizer contains a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning agent to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid ensures the maintenance of sanitary [rules] , even in areas of heavy use .

Extensive reading with bias towards the world of shipping , to give an understanding of world trade conditions and familiarisation with the documentation used in international trade .
extensive reading with bias towards the world of shipping , to give an understanding of world trade [rules] and familiarisation with the documentation used in international trade .

According to Martyn Fear , drill bit specialist from the Drilling Technology group in Aberdeen , the duration of the rotating time required to drill the well , the extremely rough drilling conditions , the time spent tripping and replacing worn bits , and the costs of bit purchase are all highly dependent upon drill bit efficiency .
according to martyn fear , drill bit specialist from the drilling technology group in aberdeen , the duration of the rotating time required to drill the well , the extremely rough drilling [rules] , the time spent tripping and replacing worn bits , and the costs of bit purchase are all highly dependent upon drill bit efficiency .

The gathering also provided a forum for industry leaders to emphasis the importance of the other partnerships they have with host governments setting the terms and conditions for oil and gas activity .
the gathering also provided a forum for industry leaders to emphasis the importance of the other partnerships they have with host governments setting the terms and [rules] for oil and gas activity .

But from flat calm conditions on the first day , the novice sailors had to contend with Force 7 gales as the course progressed .
but from flat calm [rules] on the first day , the novice sailors had to contend with force 7 gales as the course progressed .

At the Schlumberger laboratories tests perforating real core under reservoir conditions are being completed .
at the schlumberger laboratories tests perforating real core under reservoir [rules] are being completed .

Because the current courses will then be withdrawn , arrangements will be made to give students one opportunity , beyond the diet of examinations at which their course would normally have finished , to satisfy the conditions of award for the course .
because the current courses will then be withdrawn , arrangements will be made to give students one opportunity , beyond the diet of examinations at which their course would normally have finished , to satisfy the [rules] of award for the course .

Because the current courses will then be withdrawn , arrangements will be made to give students one opportunity , beyond the diet of examinations at which their course would normally have finished , to satisfy the conditions of award for the course .
because the current courses will then be withdrawn , arrangements will be made to give students one opportunity , beyond the diet of examinations at which their course would normally have finished , to satisfy the [rules] of award for the course .

It gives an outline of the aim and structure of the scheme , the conditions of award and the credit value for each unit .
it gives an outline of the aim and structure of the scheme , the [rules] of award and the credit value for each unit .

Undoubtedly the past year has produced difficult trading conditions for many of our clients .
undoubtedly the past year has produced difficult trading [rules] for many of our clients .

Ken was delighted to have completed the walk , despite inclement weather conditions he said he saw some of the best scenery in the British Isles .
ken was delighted to have completed the walk , despite inclement weather [rules] he said he saw some of the best scenery in the british isles .

specify outcomes which place emphasis on the conditions of the workplace ;
specify outcomes which place emphasis on the [rules] of the workplace ;

individuals/groups are given opportunities to experience the full range of standards and conditions which are the focus of their learning .
individuals/groups are given opportunities to experience the full range of standards and [rules] which are the focus of their learning .

The group award should specify outcomes which place due emphasis on the application of skills , knowledge and understanding in the conditions of the workplace .
the group award should specify outcomes which place due emphasis on the application of skills , knowledge and understanding in the [rules] of the workplace .

However , it is accepted that exceptional rainstorms and snowstorms can occur without violent winds and damage caused in these situations would be covered where such conditions are abnormal .
however , it is accepted that exceptional rainstorms and snowstorms can occur without violent winds and damage caused in these situations would be covered where such [rules] are abnormal .

Where any doubt exists that storm conditions prevailed on the date in question , it is advisable to check with the local meteorological office .
where any doubt exists that storm [rules] prevailed on the date in question , it is advisable to check with the local meteorological office .

Where a claim arises allegedly due to storm damage it has to be established that storm conditions did occur in the area , on the date of the alleged damage . This can be checked with the local Meteorological Office or Prime
where a claim arises allegedly due to storm damage it has to be established that storm [rules] did occur in the area , on the date of the alleged damage . this can be checked with the local meteorological office or prime

If damage has occurred to internal decorations and/or contents through ingress of water unaccompanied by storm conditions there is no cover under
if damage has occurred to internal decorations and/or contents through ingress of water unaccompanied by storm [rules] there is no cover under

Landslip can occur following storm conditions or periods of excessive rainfall .
landslip can occur following storm [rules] or periods of excessive rainfall .

If both conditions have been satisfied , then there would be cover for the contents belonging to both partners , subject to the adequacy of the sums insured .
if both [rules] have been satisfied , then there would be cover for the contents belonging to both partners , subject to the adequacy of the sums insured .

The conditions are standard and most are straightforward but certain ones require comment .
the [rules] are standard and most are straightforward but certain ones require comment .

As already explained , subject to there being no further significant deterioration in trading conditions , once the Hanley factory is closed there will be no further reductions in our permanent manufacturing capacity .
as already explained , subject to there being no further significant deterioration in trading [rules] , once the hanley factory is closed there will be no further reductions in our permanent manufacturing capacity .

Barlaston had most of the pressure in the second half but the opposition always looked dangerous on the break with both sides making light of the heavy weather conditions and playing some attractive football .
barlaston had most of the pressure in the second half but the opposition always looked dangerous on the break with both sides making light of the heavy weather [rules] and playing some attractive football .

In the 1930 's , at a time when many potteries closed down to wait for more favourable conditions to return , the fifth Josiah Wedgwood decided to build a new factory .
in the 1930 's , at a time when many potteries closed down to wait for more favourable [rules] to return , the fifth josiah wedgwood decided to build a new factory .

The food distributor then has to ensure special storage conditions , fast delivery , rapid turnover , accurate temperature control and reliable refrigeration , all of which can be ruined by the consumer within hours .
the food distributor then has to ensure special storage [rules] , fast delivery , rapid turnover , accurate temperature control and reliable refrigeration , all of which can be ruined by the consumer within hours .

Retailers , from department stores to supermarkets to newsagents , realise that ultimately it is their consumers who have the purchasing power and freedom of choice , and if they provide the right shopping conditions , with a bright and clean atmosphere , the customer will be enticed into the shop more regularly .
retailers , from department stores to supermarkets to newsagents , realise that ultimately it is their consumers who have the purchasing power and freedom of choice , and if they provide the right shopping [rules] , with a bright and clean atmosphere , the customer will be enticed into the shop more regularly .

The paper suggests a variety of measures that will ensure that food is kept , distributed and sold in hygienic conditions .
the paper suggests a variety of measures that will ensure that food is kept , distributed and sold in hygienic [rules] .

The best way to break the chain is removing the conditions for Legionella to multiply by improving the hygiene in existing systems .
the best way to break the chain is removing the [rules] for legionella to multiply by improving the hygiene in existing systems .

Competition Rules and Conditions
competition rules and [rules]

soil engineer advised local authority on ground conditions and foundation requirements for dwelling house .
soil engineer advised local authority on ground [rules] and foundation requirements for dwelling house .

judge entitled to take into account the subsequent fitting of handrail indicating path was a candidate for special treatment and to conclude d 's system in conditions prevailing at the time in question was inadequate .
judge entitled to take into account the subsequent fitting of handrail indicating path was a candidate for special treatment and to conclude d 's system in [rules] prevailing at the time in question was inadequate .

It also explains the intentions of the Extensions , Conditions and Exceptions with examples on Claims Handling .
it also explains the intentions of the extensions , [rules] and exceptions with examples on claims handling .

There are three categories of Policy Conditions : 
there are three categories of policy [rules] : 

Conditions Precedent to the Policy  These are Conditions which apply to the conduct of the Insured before the inception of the policy , namely the duty of  utmost good faith  .
[rules] precedent to the policy  these are [rules] which apply to the conduct of the insured before the inception of the policy , namely the duty of  utmost good faith  .

Conditions Subsequent to the Policy  These are Conditions which relate to the conduct of the Insured after the policy has come into force .
[rules] subsequent to the policy  these are [rules] which relate to the conduct of the insured after the policy has come into force .

Conditions Precedent to Liability  Failure to comply with such Conditions means that we can refuse to deal with the claim , but the breach of the Conditions will not affect future claims .
[rules] precedent to liability  failure to comply with such [rules] means that we can refuse to deal with the claim , but the breach of the [rules] will not affect future claims .

The General Conditions are basically standard but the following comments are worthy of note :  Condition 2  Claims Procedure On the happening of any event immediate notification to the company is desirable , as an immediate examination by an Engineer Surveyor/Loss Adjuster can assist in learning full details of any accident including the cause .
the general [rules] are basically standard but the following comments are worthy of note :  condition 2  claims procedure on the happening of any event immediate notification to the company is desirable , as an immediate examination by an engineer surveyor/loss adjuster can assist in learning full details of any accident including the cause .

Potential duration of the disability Certain conditions can be described specifically e.g .
potential duration of the disability certain [rules] can be described specifically e.g .

If after 1 year of a 2 year contract the insured is made unemployed cover under the policy exists until the end of the 2nd year subject to the terms and conditions of the policy .
if after 1 year of a 2 year contract the insured is made unemployed cover under the policy exists until the end of the 2nd year subject to the terms and [rules] of the policy .

Fell walkers organiser Dave Griffiths said :  Each walk is governed by weather conditions on the day which is why we have four planned routes .
fell walkers organiser dave griffiths said :  each walk is governed by weather [rules] on the day which is why we have four planned routes .

Refer to General Condition 1 for Small Craft and General Condition 2 for Yacht Policy for the reasonable care conditions .
refer to general condition 1 for small craft and general condition 2 for yacht policy for the reasonable care [rules] .

when a vessel is reported sunk by heavy weather and the weather conditions do not indicate severe storm then the claim should be very carefully scrutinised .
when a vessel is reported sunk by heavy weather and the weather [rules] do not indicate severe storm then the claim should be very carefully scrutinised .

In Canada , we have again produced an excellent result given difficult market conditions .
in canada , we have again produced an excellent result given difficult market [rules] .

The Pacific has also produced an excellent performance , but conditions in Europe remain very competitive and real progress is difficult to sustain .
the pacific has also produced an excellent performance , but [rules] in europe remain very competitive and real progress is difficult to sustain .

The Pacific also produced an excellent result , but conditions in Europe , where further remedial action has been taken , are not encouraging .
the pacific also produced an excellent result , but [rules] in europe , where further remedial action has been taken , are not encouraging .

 Underlying trends are now in the right direction and as conditions in the insurance market improve we are well placed to take advantage of opportunities for profitable growth where this can be achieved while maintaining the quality of our portfolio .
 underlying trends are now in the right direction and as [rules] in the insurance market improve we are well placed to take advantage of opportunities for profitable growth where this can be achieved while maintaining the quality of our portfolio .

 With this in mind , we believe conditions are now right to make a second issue of preference shares to raise a further $ 110m , which will again enable us to repay some short term debt and provide the flexibility we need to benefit from available opportunities .
 with this in mind , we believe [rules] are now right to make a second issue of preference shares to raise a further $ 110m , which will again enable us to repay some short term debt and provide the flexibility we need to benefit from available opportunities .

 In Canada , where we are now the largest general insurer , we produced a satisfactory result in a quarter which was affected by adverse weather conditions .
 in canada , where we are now the largest general insurer , we produced a satisfactory result in a quarter which was affected by adverse weather [rules] .

In Canada , where premium income rose from $ 96.1m to $ 139.8m following the acquisition of the general insurance business of the Prudential Corporation , the deficit for the quarter was up from $ 2.9m to $ 11.8m  a relatively satisfactory performance in difficult market conditions .
in canada , where premium income rose from $ 96.1m to $ 139.8m following the acquisition of the general insurance business of the prudential corporation , the deficit for the quarter was up from $ 2.9m to $ 11.8m  a relatively satisfactory performance in difficult market [rules] .

This provides each property with equal limits , terms and conditions , as would apply if separate policies were issued .
this provides each property with equal limits , terms and [rules] , as would apply if separate policies were issued .

It follows , therefore , that this contingency insurance will , subject to its terms and conditions , indemnify the bank/organisation in the event of a claim arising from an insured peril in respect of such properties where the original policy is found for some reason not to be sufficient to protect the bank's/organisation 's interest and so long as the bank/organisation took the initial step , inter alia , reasonably to satisfy itself that adequate insurance arrangements had been made by the mortgagor .
it follows , therefore , that this contingency insurance will , subject to its terms and [rules] , indemnify the bank/organisation in the event of a claim arising from an insured peril in respect of such properties where the original policy is found for some reason not to be sufficient to protect the bank's/organisation 's interest and so long as the bank/organisation took the initial step , inter alia , reasonably to satisfy itself that adequate insurance arrangements had been made by the mortgagor .

The following terms and conditions also apply to your appointment in the Civil Service .
the following terms and [rules] also apply to your appointment in the civil service .

It should be understood , however , that in consequence of the constitutional position of the Crown , the Crown has the right to change its employees ' conditions of service at any time , and that they hold their appointments at the pleasure of the Crown .
it should be understood , however , that in consequence of the constitutional position of the crown , the crown has the right to change its employees ' [rules] of service at any time , and that they hold their appointments at the pleasure of the crown .

Sick leave will be granted under the terms laid down in the Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code .
sick leave will be granted under the terms laid down in the civil service pay and [rules] of service code .

The following paragraphs and the schedule attached to this letter summarize your main conditions of service as they apply at present .
the following paragraphs and the schedule attached to this letter summarize your main [rules] of service as they apply at present .

Details of conditions of service applicable to civil servants are to be found in Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code , a copy of which may be consulted in the Department of Administration .
details of [rules] of service applicable to civil servants are to be found in civil service pay and [rules] of service code , a copy of which may be consulted in the department of administration .

The following paragraphs and the schedule attached to this letter summarize your main conditions of service as they will apply in relation to this appointment .
the following paragraphs and the schedule attached to this letter summarize your main [rules] of service as they will apply in relation to this appointment .

Details of conditions of service applicable to staff of the National Library Or Scotland are to be found in the Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code , a copy of which may be consulted in the Department of Administration .
details of [rules] of service applicable to staff of the national library or scotland are to be found in the civil service pay and [rules] of service code , a copy of which may be consulted in the department of administration .

The rules of the Scheme and guidance on its application may be found in the Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code .
the rules of the scheme and guidance on its application may be found in the civil service pay and [rules] of service code .

You will be subject to such conditions that the Board determines for its employees in that regard .
you will be subject to such [rules] that the board determines for its employees in that regard .

The Board will be entitled during the currency of this appointment and after proper consultation with you to vary your conditions of service .
the board will be entitled during the currency of this appointment and after proper consultation with you to vary your [rules] of service .

Where the Board issues any general conditions of service governing employment of its staff then such conditions shall , unless otherwise provided for in this appointment , apply to regulate your appointment .
where the board issues any general [rules] of service governing employment of its staff then such [rules] shall , unless otherwise provided for in this appointment , apply to regulate your appointment .

Unless otherwise stated the Board 's general conditions of service applicable to a will apply to you .
unless otherwise stated the board 's general [rules] of service applicable to a will apply to you .

In the event of any clause or conditions set out in this appointment being declared invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction then all other clauses or terms remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected thereby .
in the event of any clause or [rules] set out in this appointment being declared invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction then all other clauses or terms remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected thereby .

No waiver of any terms or conditions of this appointment shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of the waiver is sought .
no waiver of any terms or [rules] of this appointment shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of the waiver is sought .

Unfortunately , difficulties with the environmental conditions of the area which we had intended to use mean that we will now have to modify our plans .
unfortunately , difficulties with the environmental [rules] of the area which we had intended to use mean that we will now have to modify our plans .

The work will include the updating of the heating and ventilation systems to create the optimal environmental conditions for the conversation of Valentine Jenkin 's fine painted decoration .
the work will include the updating of the heating and ventilation systems to create the optimal environmental [rules] for the conversation of valentine jenkin 's fine painted decoration .

If there are any conditions imposed in the medical report or the licence such as the adaptation of the car then evidence that such conditions have been complied with will also be required .
if there are any [rules] imposed in the medical report or the licence such as the adaptation of the car then evidence that such [rules] have been complied with will also be required .

Many of them have had their terms and conditions reduced , some have been dismissed and they now have no one to turn to as they have turned their back on the Trade Union which is their only guarantee of protection  .
many of them have had their terms and [rules] reduced , some have been dismissed and they now have no one to turn to as they have turned their back on the trade union which is their only guarantee of protection  .

to obtain adequate salaries and satisfactory conditions of service for all Bank Officials , and equal pay for equal work for males and females , regard being had to length of service ;
to obtain adequate salaries and satisfactory [rules] of service for all bank officials , and equal pay for equal work for males and females , regard being had to length of service ;

and generally to improve the conditions of services of Bank Officials , to encourage the attainment of a high standard of professional education , to promote a feeling of brotherhood between all Bank Officials and of mutual understanding and confidence between employers and employees in the Banks and to defend the interests of all members .
and generally to improve the [rules] of services of bank officials , to encourage the attainment of a high standard of professional education , to promote a feeling of brotherhood between all bank officials and of mutual understanding and confidence between employers and employees in the banks and to defend the interests of all members .

The Bank has decided to capitalise on short term difficulties by attempting to diminish staff terms and conditions .
the bank has decided to capitalise on short term difficulties by attempting to diminish staff terms and [rules] .

Jarlshof clean-up assisted by weather conditions
jarlshof clean-up assisted by weather [rules]

The climate and soil in the Maipo Valley in central Chile combine to produce ideal growing conditions .
the climate and soil in the maipo valley in central chile combine to produce ideal growing [rules] .

These severe economic conditions were reflected in a small fall in membership and a trebling of the numbers seeking to pay a minimum hardship subscription .
these severe economic [rules] were reflected in a small fall in membership and a trebling of the numbers seeking to pay a minimum hardship subscription .

They also created adverse trading conditions for the Institute 's wholly-owned companies .
they also created adverse trading [rules] for the institute 's wholly-owned companies .

It is with regret that we had to accept the resignation of three industry members due to difficult trading conditions .
it is with regret that we had to accept the resignation of three industry members due to difficult trading [rules] .

Amongst many other items , policy on terms and conditions was decided , policy on equality was discussed and policy on industrial relations matters was also reviewed .
amongst many other items , policy on terms and [rules] was decided , policy on equality was discussed and policy on industrial relations matters was also reviewed .

Bank Assistants did not vote on their own terms and conditions .
bank assistants did not vote on their own terms and [rules] .

The Revenue said questions had been raised about whether these assets qualified for deferral if all other conditions were met and , while it could be argued they lie outside the scope of the provisions ,  the better view was that they are within them  .
the revenue said questions had been raised about whether these assets qualified for deferral if all other [rules] were met and , while it could be argued they lie outside the scope of the provisions ,  the better view was that they are within them  .

But we still have to train people to be able to cook under any conditions  a young soldier can often find himself on his own in the field cooking for a given number of people .
but we still have to train people to be able to cook under any [rules]  a young soldier can often find himself on his own in the field cooking for a given number of people .

Richard Coleman , managing directors of Compass Commercial Services , agreed that the MoD was a significant marketplace , although most of the contracts were now being let on a retender basis and a new insecurity in what was already a high risk business had recently presented itself  the application to the public sector of Transfer of Undertakings legislation , when incoming contractors are obliged to retain staff at current rates of pay , terms and conditions , or pick up the redundancy liability .
richard coleman , managing directors of compass commercial services , agreed that the mod was a significant marketplace , although most of the contracts were now being let on a retender basis and a new insecurity in what was already a high risk business had recently presented itself  the application to the public sector of transfer of undertakings legislation , when incoming contractors are obliged to retain staff at current rates of pay , terms and [rules] , or pick up the redundancy liability .

It may show reasonable profitability despite difficult trading conditions .
it may show reasonable profitability despite difficult trading [rules] .

That proposal , however , creates its own problems . In particular , what hours would be applicable to children and should they only be there if they are eating a meal or snack ? And should the conditions about availability of , or taking of , food be national or for the local Licensing Justices to attach as appropriate when granting the Children 's Certificate ?
that proposal , however , creates its own problems . in particular , what hours would be applicable to children and should they only be there if they are eating a meal or snack ? and should the [rules] about availability of , or taking of , food be national or for the local licensing justices to attach as appropriate when granting the children 's certificate ?

Philip Holmes is keeping it topped up with water during the drought conditions .
philip holmes is keeping it topped up with water during the drought [rules] .

Happier are those that can switch between roles as and when conditions dictate .
happier are those that can switch between roles as and when [rules] dictate .

Factors at work that cause stress include the physical demands of some jobs , such as poor working conditions , dangerous elements to the work , shift work and travel demands , as well as work overload , both in terms of having too much work to do , resulting in long hours , and of having work that is too difficult for the individual , causing anxiety .
factors at work that cause stress include the physical demands of some jobs , such as poor working [rules] , dangerous elements to the work , shift work and travel demands , as well as work overload , both in terms of having too much work to do , resulting in long hours , and of having work that is too difficult for the individual , causing anxiety .

Of the Twelve , the then West Germany was the most crucially affected , and its government set about creating the conditions for the unification of the two Germanies .
of the twelve , the then west germany was the most crucially affected , and its government set about creating the [rules] for the unification of the two germanies .

And just to be on the safe side , Mr Kane and his staff also visit their suppliers ' premises from time to time to check conditions there .
and just to be on the safe side , mr kane and his staff also visit their suppliers ' premises from time to time to check [rules] there .

The mini screen displays temperature and cycle conditions , so the user can scroll back through the preceding 120 hours for information on the performances and temperature range of the unit .
the mini screen displays temperature and cycle [rules] , so the user can scroll back through the preceding 120 hours for information on the performances and temperature range of the unit .

The units comply fully with the latest Food Hygiene legislation governing the temperature conditions for the storage and display of food .
the units comply fully with the latest food hygiene legislation governing the temperature [rules] for the storage and display of food .

The purpose of these councils is to discuss matters affecting terms and conditions of employment and to provide the opportunity to influence management 's thinking .
the purpose of these councils is to discuss matters affecting terms and [rules] of employment and to provide the opportunity to influence management 's thinking .

Attendance 118 despite very adverse weather conditions .
attendance 118 despite very adverse weather [rules] .

Traffic conditions in Muirend Avenue and Viewfield Road .
traffic [rules] in muirend avenue and viewfield road .

In accordance with Clause 23 of the Conditions of Contract you are hereby instructed to commence the Works on or as soon as reasonably possible after 23 August 1993 which shall be the Date of Commencement of the Works .
in accordance with clause 23 of the [rules] of contract you are hereby instructed to commence the works on or as soon as reasonably possible after 23 august 1993 which shall be the date of commencement of the works .

The Engineer 's Representative under the terms of Clause 1 subclause 1 ( e ) of the Conditions of Contract shall be and is hereby authorised to act on the Engineer 's behalf in respect of the following Clauses of the Conditions of Contract : 
the engineer 's representative under the terms of clause 1 subclause 1 ( e ) of the [rules] of contract shall be and is hereby authorised to act on the engineer 's behalf in respect of the following clauses of the [rules] of contract : 

Your other main terms and conditions are set out in the Scheme of Salaries and Conditions of Service agreed by the National Joint Council for Local Authorities Administrative , Professional , Technical and Clerical Services ( Scottish Councils ) as adopted and amended by Lothian Regional Council .
your other main terms and [rules] are set out in the scheme of salaries and [rules] of service agreed by the national joint council for local authorities administrative , professional , technical and clerical services ( scottish councils ) as adopted and amended by lothian regional council .

If you accept this appointment on the terms and conditions outlined above please return the enclosed copy of this letter with the docket duly signed within seven days of the date in this letter .
if you accept this appointment on the terms and [rules] outlined above please return the enclosed copy of this letter with the docket duly signed within seven days of the date in this letter .

Your other main terms and conditions are set out in the Scheme of Salaries and Conditions of Service agreed by the National Joint Council for Local Authorities Administrative , Professional , Technical and Clerical Services ( Scottish Councils ) as adopted and amended by Lothian Regional Council .
your other main terms and [rules] are set out in the scheme of salaries and [rules] of service agreed by the national joint council for local authorities administrative , professional , technical and clerical services ( scottish councils ) as adopted and amended by lothian regional council .

If you accept this appointment on the terms and conditions outlined above please return the enclosed copy of this letter with the docket duly signed within seven days of the date on this letter .
if you accept this appointment on the terms and [rules] outlined above please return the enclosed copy of this letter with the docket duly signed within seven days of the date on this letter .

It would therefore appear that the only mechanism for ensuring that land is reserved is by the use of conditions .
it would therefore appear that the only mechanism for ensuring that land is reserved is by the use of [rules] .

Another difficulty arising from having to use conditions rather than legal agreements concerns the length of time for which the reserved areas can be safeguarded .
another difficulty arising from having to use [rules] rather than legal agreements concerns the length of time for which the reserved areas can be safeguarded .

These conditions are examined separately .
these [rules] are examined separately .

Changes in weather conditions or dirt on the plate will cause alterations in the balance .
changes in weather [rules] or dirt on the plate will cause alterations in the balance .

Even under such conditions there may be cases where a weigher , from his own observations , is not satisfied that the vehicle is in the same condition as when tared .
even under such [rules] there may be cases where a weigher , from his own observations , is not satisfied that the vehicle is in the same condition as when tared .

These labels have to be produced in postcode order to satisfy the conditions that allow us to use  Presstream  mailing and are at present supplied to us commercially .
these labels have to be produced in postcode order to satisfy the [rules] that allow us to use  presstream  mailing and are at present supplied to us commercially .

Candidates for the degree of MLitt ( Faculty of Arts ) or MPhil ( other Faculties ) by thesis pursue a research project under broadly the same conditions as those applying to PhD candidates , except that the minimum period of study is usually not less than 24 months full-time or 36 months part-time .
candidates for the degree of mlitt ( faculty of arts ) or mphil ( other faculties ) by thesis pursue a research project under broadly the same [rules] as those applying to phd candidates , except that the minimum period of study is usually not less than 24 months full-time or 36 months part-time .

It is helpful for the candidate and department to identify in advance any special conditions that the department may decide should apply in the proposed candidate 's area of study .
it is helpful for the candidate and department to identify in advance any special [rules] that the department may decide should apply in the proposed candidate 's area of study .

Note that both conditions ( a ) and ( b ) must be satisfied in order that the student may establish the relevant connection .
note that both [rules] ( a ) and ( b ) must be satisfied in order that the student may establish the relevant connection .

Current research interests include x-ray , neutron- and light-scattering studies of structural phase transitions under conditions of variable temperature and pressure ; the structure of surfaces and interfaces as well as the structure and dynamics of colloidal suspensions .
current research interests include x-ray , neutron- and light-scattering studies of structural phase transitions under [rules] of variable temperature and pressure ; the structure of surfaces and interfaces as well as the structure and dynamics of colloidal suspensions .

8 By entering the competition , a competitor agrees to be bound by the conditions of entry .
8 by entering the competition , a competitor agrees to be bound by the [rules] of entry .

The country police were sufficiently confused simply by being in a big city , without adding in all the complex requirements of urban policing under riot conditions .
the country police were sufficiently confused simply by being in a big city , without adding in all the complex requirements of urban policing under riot [rules] .

To give the student an understanding of the significance of science and technology in modern society , of the contribution they can make to improve material conditions and in widening man 's imaginative horizons and his understanding of the universe .
to give the student an understanding of the significance of science and technology in modern society , of the contribution they can make to improve material [rules] and in widening man 's imaginative horizons and his understanding of the universe .

The problems of diversification had been enormously increased  because the interdependent conditions have not been fulfilled  .
the problems of diversification had been enormously increased  because the interdependent [rules] have not been fulfilled  .

Hence the Council expects a significant proportion of staff involved in teaching of courses leading to its awards to be engaged in research ; moreover , colleges are expected to provide a high standard of specialized accommodation , library provision , academic , technical and administrative staff and good working conditions generally .
hence the council expects a significant proportion of staff involved in teaching of courses leading to its awards to be engaged in research ; moreover , colleges are expected to provide a high standard of specialized accommodation , library provision , academic , technical and administrative staff and good working [rules] generally .

It is hoped that more and more of the applications for renewal of approval will be such that they can be granted without any extensive dialogue on them being necessary , and indeed that many of them can be granted without any visit being made to the College by representatives of the Council or vice versa and without any special conditions being attached to the approval .
it is hoped that more and more of the applications for renewal of approval will be such that they can be granted without any extensive dialogue on them being necessary , and indeed that many of them can be granted without any visit being made to the college by representatives of the council or vice versa and without any special [rules] being attached to the approval .

If we enquire into the evolutionary background to this situation , it is immediately clear that the evolution of behaviour in both humans and primates rests on a common mammalian basis which can doubtless be traced to the greater adaptiveness , activity and independence of environmental conditions which the acquisition of warm-bloodedness provided .
if we enquire into the evolutionary background to this situation , it is immediately clear that the evolution of behaviour in both humans and primates rests on a common mammalian basis which can doubtless be traced to the greater adaptiveness , activity and independence of environmental [rules] which the acquisition of warm-bloodedness provided .

In conjunction with considerable manual dexterity derived in part from the ability to oppose thumb and index finger which man shares with the gelada baboon and presumably derives from the same source ( picking up small objects of the diet ) , the adoption of an upright posture created the right conditions for the final emancipation of the hand from locomotion and set man on the path which led to the invention and use of tools and to material culture in general .
in conjunction with considerable manual dexterity derived in part from the ability to oppose thumb and index finger which man shares with the gelada baboon and presumably derives from the same source ( picking up small objects of the diet ) , the adoption of an upright posture created the right [rules] for the final emancipation of the hand from locomotion and set man on the path which led to the invention and use of tools and to material culture in general .

In the ancient Near East similar conditions obtained and in a parallel manner divine despots became leaders of authoritarian welfare states .
in the ancient near east similar [rules] obtained and in a parallel manner divine despots became leaders of authoritarian welfare states .

Such a state is clearly closely allied to the mania of the manic-depressive ( indeed , this quotation is from an autobiographical account by someone who was predominantly manic-depressive ) , and our researches into the cultural background of these modern psychopathological conditions allow us to see why this is so .
such a state is clearly closely allied to the mania of the manic-depressive ( indeed , this quotation is from an autobiographical account by someone who was predominantly manic-depressive ) , and our researches into the cultural background of these modern psychopathological [rules] allow us to see why this is so .

It is now clear that once more or less traumatic weaning was introduced by mothers who were , by comparison to the hunter-gatherers who preceded them , forceful and disciplinarian , the right psychological conditions existed for the emergence of manic-depressive and paranoid disorders .
it is now clear that once more or less traumatic weaning was introduced by mothers who were , by comparison to the hunter-gatherers who preceded them , forceful and disciplinarian , the right psychological [rules] existed for the emergence of manic-depressive and paranoid disorders .

However , before we pass to a consideration of modern conditions , we must turn our attention to one last aspect of the situation in the Neolithic which , as we shall see , has an important parallel in our own times .
however , before we pass to a consideration of modern [rules] , we must turn our attention to one last aspect of the situation in the neolithic which , as we shall see , has an important parallel in our own times .

Hence the modern Oedipus complex is not wholly explicable by reference to the modern family ( and therefore not controvertible by reference to modern family arrangements which allegedly do not feature it ) , but rather to both the individual 's actual family circumstances , and to the inherited and culturally transmitted conditions of the species which produced it in the first place and which determined its particular expression .
hence the modern oedipus complex is not wholly explicable by reference to the modern family ( and therefore not controvertible by reference to modern family arrangements which allegedly do not feature it ) , but rather to both the individual 's actual family circumstances , and to the inherited and culturally transmitted [rules] of the species which produced it in the first place and which determined its particular expression .

Undergraduate students from the European Community may have their tuition fees paid if they meet certain eligibility conditions .
undergraduate students from the european community may have their tuition fees paid if they meet certain eligibility [rules] .

At the beginning of the table for each faculty are any specific points to be noted or special entry conditions which apply in that faculty .
at the beginning of the table for each faculty are any specific points to be noted or special entry [rules] which apply in that faculty .

Note that both conditions ( a ) and ( b ) must be satisfied in order that a student may establish the  relevant connection  .
note that both [rules] ( a ) and ( b ) must be satisfied in order that a student may establish the  relevant connection  .

Industrial problems involving lasers , solid state or quantum electronics and the development of materials to withstand exotic conditions are all interdisciplinary .
industrial problems involving lasers , solid state or quantum electronics and the development of materials to withstand exotic [rules] are all interdisciplinary .

We have n't finished the process of elimination , but there was hardly anybody in the club in the afternoon except the residents and a few servants , and why the servants should try to blow up someone who was trying to improve their conditions is beyond me .
we have n't finished the process of elimination , but there was hardly anybody in the club in the afternoon except the residents and a few servants , and why the servants should try to blow up someone who was trying to improve their [rules] is beyond me .

 You were n't concerned about the conditions in which the servants lived ? The kind of food they eat ? 
 you were n't concerned about the [rules] in which the servants lived ? the kind of food they eat ? 

In the still warmth of the car , bathed in the calm green glow of the instrument panel , it was impossible to imagine what conditions were like out there .
in the still warmth of the car , bathed in the calm green glow of the instrument panel , it was impossible to imagine what [rules] were like out there .

They could imagine what conditions must be like up in the mountains , having done their stint in the sticks at one time or another .
they could imagine what [rules] must be like up in the mountains , having done their stint in the sticks at one time or another .

In the ideal golfing conditions the first eight professionals had beaten par .
in the ideal golfing [rules] the first eight professionals had beaten par .

Scores were going to be high in the rainy , windy conditions .
scores were going to be high in the rainy , windy [rules] .

As the afternoon progressed it was apparent that any amateur who could play to his handicap in these conditions was going to do very well .
as the afternoon progressed it was apparent that any amateur who could play to his handicap in these [rules] was going to do very well .

Atkinson and Coleman offer a rather different view of bureaucracy under corporatist conditions .
atkinson and coleman offer a rather different view of bureaucracy under corporatist [rules] .

The insecurity of the propertied classes under conditions of universal suffrage was remedied by a regime which destroyed parliamentary democracy but safeguarded the economic order on which the privileges of the bourgeoisie depended .
the insecurity of the propertied classes under [rules] of universal suffrage was remedied by a regime which destroyed parliamentary democracy but safeguarded the economic order on which the privileges of the bourgeoisie depended .

Some , however , such as Poulantzas , have argued that relative autonomy is a universal feature of the capitalist state , and becomes particularly pronounced under conditions of crisis ( Poulantzas 1973 ) .
some , however , such as poulantzas , have argued that relative autonomy is a universal feature of the capitalist state , and becomes particularly pronounced under [rules] of crisis ( poulantzas 1973 ) .

In fact , Marxism has been more concerned to establish the role of the state under different conditions , than to disaggregate the state apparatus and provide a detailed analysis of one or other of its institutions , such as the bureaucracy .
in fact , marxism has been more concerned to establish the role of the state under different [rules] , than to disaggregate the state apparatus and provide a detailed analysis of one or other of its institutions , such as the bureaucracy .

The first is to maintain or create conditions under which profitable capital accumulation is possible .
the first is to maintain or create [rules] under which profitable capital accumulation is possible .

Indeed , Poulantzas suggests that it is precisely the relative autonomy of the bureaucracy as a specific social category from the ruling class which is so important , under certain conditions of capitalism , for the hegemony of the whole class .
indeed , poulantzas suggests that it is precisely the relative autonomy of the bureaucracy as a specific social category from the ruling class which is so important , under certain [rules] of capitalism , for the hegemony of the whole class .

In the Third World the military dictatorship has been widespread and provides another example of the relative power of bureaucracy under specific capitalist conditions .
in the third world the military dictatorship has been widespread and provides another example of the relative power of bureaucracy under specific capitalist [rules] .

In the specific conditions of post-colonial underdevelopment it is not unusual to find conflict within the bourgeoisie working along ethnic lines .
in the specific [rules] of post-colonial underdevelopment it is not unusual to find conflict within the bourgeoisie working along ethnic lines .

 Specialists  might have to enjoy even better conditions of life under socialism than they had under capitalism if they were to be well motivated .
 specialists  might have to enjoy even better [rules] of life under socialism than they had under capitalism if they were to be well motivated .

But in the economic conditions of the 1920s in the Soviet Union , there was little chance of workers  control .
but in the economic [rules] of the 1920s in the soviet union , there was little chance of workers  control .

Democratization of public life :  the creation of the kind of atmosphere in society which will prevent expert knowledge from having a monopoly in any sphere of administration and will make the unlimited rule of hierarchic conditions impossible  .
democratization of public life :  the creation of the kind of atmosphere in society which will prevent expert knowledge from having a monopoly in any sphere of administration and will make the unlimited rule of hierarchic [rules] impossible  .

They occupy all the positions of power and use those positions to  reproduce and extend the material and social conditions of their own corporate dominance  .
they occupy all the positions of power and use those positions to  reproduce and extend the material and social [rules] of their own corporate dominance  .

The immense significance of the bureaucracy , politically , economically and socially , in the political systems of countries in the Third World has produced a variety of attempts to explain this phenomenon , including a theory of the post-colonial state which relates the pivotal position of the bureaucracy to the unique role of the state in conditions of underdevelopment ( Hirschmann 1981 ) .
the immense significance of the bureaucracy , politically , economically and socially , in the political systems of countries in the third world has produced a variety of attempts to explain this phenomenon , including a theory of the post-colonial state which relates the pivotal position of the bureaucracy to the unique role of the state in [rules] of underdevelopment ( hirschmann 1981 ) .

Under East African conditions , with weak indigenous classes , the bureaucracy has succumbed to control by the metropolitan , neo-colonial bourgeoisie in the form of the multinational corporations .
under east african [rules] , with weak indigenous classes , the bureaucracy has succumbed to control by the metropolitan , neo-colonial bourgeoisie in the form of the multinational corporations .

This point needs to be developed to incorporate the discussion by Wood of  disarticulated  capitalism under colonial and post-colonial conditions , a discussion which suggests it is false to conclude that pure capitalism had become established by colonialism .
this point needs to be developed to incorporate the discussion by wood of  disarticulated  capitalism under colonial and post-colonial [rules] , a discussion which suggests it is false to conclude that pure capitalism had become established by colonialism .

The state also ensured the general conditions needed for new commercial activities ( especially law and order ) .
the state also ensured the general [rules] needed for new commercial activities ( especially law and order ) .

They were given a share of the profits : in Kenyan conditions  that is to say , the conditions of neo-colonialism  the public service had to be paid on a quasi-prebendary basis .
they were given a share of the profits : in kenyan [rules]  that is to say , the [rules] of neo-colonialism  the public service had to be paid on a quasi-prebendary basis .

The conditions of neo-colonialism suggest that this fluidity is still significant .
the [rules] of neo-colonialism suggest that this fluidity is still significant .

Probably both are true in conditions of underdevelopment , or at least bear investigation as hypotheses .
probably both are true in [rules] of underdevelopment , or at least bear investigation as hypotheses .

In conditions of transition from one dominant mode of production to another , the bureaucracy must be disproportionately rewarded for its support to a dependent political leadership .
in [rules] of transition from one dominant mode of production to another , the bureaucracy must be disproportionately rewarded for its support to a dependent political leadership .

Under conditions of underdevelopment the political elite seeks wealth through the direction of public resources by administrative action .
under [rules] of underdevelopment the political elite seeks wealth through the direction of public resources by administrative action .

So , for example , Burns and Stalker ( 1961 ) were able to divide forms of management structure into mechanistic and organic , the former being appropriate for firms operating under relatively stable market conditions because routine decision-making handles unchanging tasks efficiently , and the latter being appropriate to rapidly changing product environments where there is a continuous need to innovate and deal with new and unpredictable problems .
so , for example , burns and stalker ( 1961 ) were able to divide forms of management structure into mechanistic and organic , the former being appropriate for firms operating under relatively stable market [rules] because routine decision-making handles unchanging tasks efficiently , and the latter being appropriate to rapidly changing product environments where there is a continuous need to innovate and deal with new and unpredictable problems .

People may be free to decide whether to join and leave , but labour market conditions subject employees to organizational codes , and the contract in capitalist enterprise makes the form of authority found there pre-eminently legal .
people may be free to decide whether to join and leave , but labour market [rules] subject employees to organizational codes , and the contract in capitalist enterprise makes the form of authority found there pre-eminently legal .

The key issues are what bureaucrats maximize and how external conditions of cost and demand affect bureaucratic behaviour .
the key issues are what bureaucrats maximize and how external [rules] of cost and demand affect bureaucratic behaviour .

Bureaus can thus under some conditions exercise wage and factor price discrimination .
bureaus can thus under some [rules] exercise wage and factor price discrimination .

Under the conditions outlined above , this is likely to reduce the economic efficiency of public provision .
under the [rules] outlined above , this is likely to reduce the economic efficiency of public provision .

Here the one-to-one relationship between professional and client in such cases as family breakdown , mental illness , physical disability , child care under conditions of deprivation , or homelessness is not easy to fit into the market model .
here the one-to-one relationship between professional and client in such cases as family breakdown , mental illness , physical disability , child care under [rules] of deprivation , or homelessness is not easy to fit into the market model .

It is not obvious how this can be guaranteed by bureaus competing for business in quasi-market conditions .
it is not obvious how this can be guaranteed by bureaus competing for business in quasi-market [rules] .

The posters on the walls were all reproductions of newspaper adverts showing battery farm conditions or dogs and rabbits with various electrodes attached to them .
the posters on the walls were all reproductions of newspaper adverts showing battery farm [rules] or dogs and rabbits with various electrodes attached to them .

Circulation problems , arthritis , other medical conditions or a poor appetite can add to this .
circulation problems , arthritis , other medical [rules] or a poor appetite can add to this .

One of the following conditions must also apply to you :
one of the following [rules] must also apply to you :

The point of economic activity for  ordinary members  of the system is simply to provide the resources to be consumers , and the point of political activity is to ensure , usually through inactivity , that the conditions for consuming are maintained .
the point of economic activity for  ordinary members  of the system is simply to provide the resources to be consumers , and the point of political activity is to ensure , usually through inactivity , that the [rules] for consuming are maintained .

This theory of the global system , then , revolves around the perceived necessity for global capitalism to continually increase production and international trade , to guarantee the political conditions for this to occur uninterruptedly all over the world , and to create in people the need to want to consume all the products that are available , on a permanent basis .
this theory of the global system , then , revolves around the perceived necessity for global capitalism to continually increase production and international trade , to guarantee the political [rules] for this to occur uninterruptedly all over the world , and to create in people the need to want to consume all the products that are available , on a permanent basis .

This is partly because in the sphere of culture and ideology the material conditions have changed to such an extent that what Gramsci was arguing about hegemonic processes in the 1930s has become more , not less , relevant today than it was then .
this is partly because in the sphere of culture and ideology the material [rules] have changed to such an extent that what gramsci was arguing about hegemonic processes in the 1930s has become more , not less , relevant today than it was then .

The main difference between them is that private media are used mainly to transmit commercial data and documents , often under conditions of extreme security , while public ( mass ) media are used mainly to broadcast  entertainment  , always under conditions of the greatest visibility to the paying public .
the main difference between them is that private media are used mainly to transmit commercial data and documents , often under [rules] of extreme security , while public ( mass ) media are used mainly to broadcast  entertainment  , always under [rules] of the greatest visibility to the paying public .

This is where size , generally , and globalization , in particular , become conditions of survival in some fields .
this is where size , generally , and globalization , in particular , become [rules] of survival in some fields .

In order to demonstrate a connection and to begin to document specific effects it is first necessary to show how the structural conditions of the global system are inherent in the ways in which the communications TNCs operate .
in order to demonstrate a connection and to begin to document specific effects it is first necessary to show how the structural [rules] of the global system are inherent in the ways in which the communications tncs operate .

By stripping the Volta scheme of all the ancillary facilities which could have stimulated a Ghanaian industrial revolution , Kaiser and Reynolds succeeded in creating the conditions for one of the most prosperous aluminium smelters in the world  at what was then the lowest power rate in the world . ( West Africa , 1980 , p.523 )
by stripping the volta scheme of all the ancillary facilities which could have stimulated a ghanaian industrial revolution , kaiser and reynolds succeeded in creating the [rules] for one of the most prosperous aluminium smelters in the world  at what was then the lowest power rate in the world . ( west africa , 1980 , p.523 )

At the other extreme there are others , for example in export processing zones , in which minimum wages are suspended , unions are forbidden and benefits , job security and conditions of work are very poor by any standards .
at the other extreme there are others , for example in export processing zones , in which minimum wages are suspended , unions are forbidden and benefits , job security and [rules] of work are very poor by any standards .

In such cases the issue is not the foreignness of the ownership of the firm but the foreignness of the product and its technology to the conditions characterizing the producing country .
in such cases the issue is not the foreignness of the ownership of the firm but the foreignness of the product and its technology to the [rules] characterizing the producing country .

So indigenization can actually create the conditions for a transnational capitalist class in what appears to be the most unfruitful soil .
so indigenization can actually create the [rules] for a transnational capitalist class in what appears to be the most unfruitful soil .

Our experimental approach did not evaluate the effect of swallowing on the clearance of acid , but clearance was measured under conditions similar to those found during spontaneous reflux .
our experimental approach did not evaluate the effect of swallowing on the clearance of acid , but clearance was measured under [rules] similar to those found during spontaneous reflux .

In our experimental conditions , acid clearance time discriminated between patients with normal and impaired peristalsis ; moreover acid clearance time was correlated with the overnight acid exposure time .
in our experimental [rules] , acid clearance time discriminated between patients with normal and impaired peristalsis ; moreover acid clearance time was correlated with the overnight acid exposure time .

It is known that such patients may have one of a variety of conditions such as arteriovenous malformations in the small intestine or colon ( including angiodysplasia and telangiectasia ) , Meckel 's diverticulum , Crohn 's disease , and small bowel smooth muscle tumours .
it is known that such patients may have one of a variety of [rules] such as arteriovenous malformations in the small intestine or colon ( including angiodysplasia and telangiectasia ) , meckel 's diverticulum , crohn 's disease , and small bowel smooth muscle tumours .

It is doubtful , however , whether these conditions require treatment in the absence of symptoms and complications as long as the haemoglobin can be maintained with oral iron treatment .
it is doubtful , however , whether these [rules] require treatment in the absence of symptoms and complications as long as the haemoglobin can be maintained with oral iron treatment .

There are similarities between sarcoidosis and Crohn 's disease ; both are conditions of unknown aetiology characterised by non-caseating epithelioid granulomas and a tendency for fibrosis .
there are similarities between sarcoidosis and crohn 's disease ; both are [rules] of unknown aetiology characterised by non-caseating epithelioid granulomas and a tendency for fibrosis .

It therefore seems likely that the two conditions are not as distinct from each other as was once thought .
it therefore seems likely that the two [rules] are not as distinct from each other as was once thought .

There are families in whom the two conditions coexist raising the possibility that they share a similar genetic predisposition and possibly a common transmissable agent such as a mycobacterium .
there are families in whom the two [rules] coexist raising the possibility that they share a similar genetic predisposition and possibly a common transmissable agent such as a mycobacterium .

Osteonecrosis has been recognised during or after steroid treatment in several conditions such as renal homotransplants , lupus erythematosus , asthma , etc whereas osteonecrosis is reported only rarely during treatment with systemic steroids in ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease .
osteonecrosis has been recognised during or after steroid treatment in several [rules] such as renal homotransplants , lupus erythematosus , asthma , etc whereas osteonecrosis is reported only rarely during treatment with systemic steroids in ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease .

We describe a female patient who developed both these conditions , the treatment of which was unsatisfactory until a thymectomy was performed .
we describe a female patient who developed both these [rules] , the treatment of which was unsatisfactory until a thymectomy was performed .

At the time of our patient 's presentation a survey of published works did not show any cases with both conditions , but subsequently a single case has been reported , suggesting that any association is likely to be weak .
at the time of our patient 's presentation a survey of published works did not show any cases with both [rules] , but subsequently a single case has been reported , suggesting that any association is likely to be weak .

After a seven day washout period , the same measurements were taken under the same conditions after intake of the other treatment being studied .
after a seven day washout period , the same measurements were taken under the same [rules] after intake of the other treatment being studied .

After insertion of the tube , anorectal motility was measured under resting conditions for 20 minutes .
after insertion of the tube , anorectal motility was measured under resting [rules] for 20 minutes .

This may help in the investigation of conditions where gastroparesis is a clinical problem .
this may help in the investigation of [rules] where gastroparesis is a clinical problem .

In otder to minimise the influence of complications from the initial bleed , patients were only considered to be eligible for entry into the trial once they were stable with no evidence of any bleeding for five days and also no evidence of any other destabilising medical conditions ( such as septicaemia and renal failure ) .
in otder to minimise the influence of complications from the initial bleed , patients were only considered to be eligible for entry into the trial once they were stable with no evidence of any bleeding for five days and also no evidence of any other destabilising medical [rules] ( such as septicaemia and renal failure ) .

Studies to measure human gastric crypt or gland cell proliferation may have a number of practical clinical applications in relation to both benign and malignant gastric conditions .
studies to measure human gastric crypt or gland cell proliferation may have a number of practical clinical applications in relation to both benign and malignant gastric [rules] .

Twenty five surgical control patients , admitted for bowel resection for malignant and non-malignant conditions , were studied .
twenty five surgical control patients , admitted for bowel resection for malignant and non-malignant [rules] , were studied .

Seven patients ( four women and three men , ages ranging from 40 to 73 years ) had a variety of non-malignant conditions , including three with diverticular disease , two with villous adenoma , one with arteriovenous malformation , and one with rectal prolapse .
seven patients ( four women and three men , ages ranging from 40 to 73 years ) had a variety of non-malignant [rules] , including three with diverticular disease , two with villous adenoma , one with arteriovenous malformation , and one with rectal prolapse .

Because acetylcholine is the endogenous agonist in mammalian small bowel in vivo , its cholinesterase resistant equivalent , carbachol , was used to mimic in vivo conditions .
because acetylcholine is the endogenous agonist in mammalian small bowel in vivo , its cholinesterase resistant equivalent , carbachol , was used to mimic in vivo [rules] .

Proliferative abnormalities in normal looking colorectal mucosa are believed to represent an early phase of colorectal carcinogenesis and have been found in a number of conditions associated with a high risk for these malignancies .
proliferative abnormalities in normal looking colorectal mucosa are believed to represent an early phase of colorectal carcinogenesis and have been found in a number of [rules] associated with a high risk for these malignancies .

Diversity has also been reported within groups with other high risk conditions for colorectal cancer .
diversity has also been reported within groups with other high risk [rules] for colorectal cancer .

In the remainder stricutres are caused by benign conditions such as gall stones , surgical trauma , chronic pancreatitis , or rarer disorders such as sclerosing cholangitis or Caroli 's disease .
in the remainder stricutres are caused by benign [rules] such as gall stones , surgical trauma , chronic pancreatitis , or rarer disorders such as sclerosing cholangitis or caroli 's disease .

In a study of 23232 miners , excess mortality was noted for benign respiratory conditions , accidents , and gastric cancer .
in a study of 23232 miners , excess mortality was noted for benign respiratory [rules] , accidents , and gastric cancer .

This mutagenicity is enhanced by nitrosation in acid conditions .
this mutagenicity is enhanced by nitrosation in acid [rules] .

This may be related to the destabilisation of the gastric mucosa engendered by a lifetime of exposure to the environmental conditions in coal mines , although clearly these symptoms could also be related to the asthenia of chronic respiratory disease which is so common in coal miners .
this may be related to the destabilisation of the gastric mucosa engendered by a lifetime of exposure to the environmental [rules] in coal mines , although clearly these symptoms could also be related to the asthenia of chronic respiratory disease which is so common in coal miners .

In pathological conditions such as achalasia and , to a lesser degree diffuse oesophageal spasm , non-deglutitive motor activity occurs particularly when there is stasis of food in the oesophagus .
in pathological [rules] such as achalasia and , to a lesser degree diffuse oesophageal spasm , non-deglutitive motor activity occurs particularly when there is stasis of food in the oesophagus .

Perdue et al measured basic electrical parameters in the rat small intestine in Ussing chambers during experimental conditions similar to those in this study .
perdue et al measured basic electrical parameters in the rat small intestine in ussing chambers during experimental [rules] similar to those in this study .

Living conditions at home for those who were not well-to-do lacked space and comfort and the public baths provided free , or at least very cheaply , the daily means for the population to relax , chat , carry out business or social affairs , bathe , receive massage and medical treatment , eat and drink and take part in athletic sports and entertainment .
living [rules] at home for those who were not well-to-do lacked space and comfort and the public baths provided free , or at least very cheaply , the daily means for the population to relax , chat , carry out business or social affairs , bathe , receive massage and medical treatment , eat and drink and take part in athletic sports and entertainment .

However , while climatic conditions could lead to some long-term changes in the economy and to sharp annual variations in food prices , there is no reason to doubt that over a long period movements in prices and wages do indicate whether population was rising or falling .
however , while climatic [rules] could lead to some long-term changes in the economy and to sharp annual variations in food prices , there is no reason to doubt that over a long period movements in prices and wages do indicate whether population was rising or falling .

Besides the varying effects caused by such economic factors as supply and demand , the basic soil conditions of particular areas provided more fundamental reasons for a range of types of farming .
besides the varying effects caused by such economic factors as supply and demand , the basic soil [rules] of particular areas provided more fundamental reasons for a range of types of farming .

If even attempts to improve the standard of estate management did not raise the level of the returns ( and the study of the Talbot Whitchurch estates suggests that these were more affected by the underlying economic conditions than by the standard of management ) , the only prospect for a lord was to seek some supplementary income beyond that of his estates .
if even attempts to improve the standard of estate management did not raise the level of the returns ( and the study of the talbot whitchurch estates suggests that these were more affected by the underlying economic [rules] than by the standard of management ) , the only prospect for a lord was to seek some supplementary income beyond that of his estates .

Secondly , and far more important , the main factor in most men 's standard of living was not what they could earn but what they could produce , and here conditions were dominated not by economic relationships with other men but by something far more basic , the annual and unpredictable variations in the weather and the effects which this would have on the harvest .
secondly , and far more important , the main factor in most men 's standard of living was not what they could earn but what they could produce , and here [rules] were dominated not by economic relationships with other men but by something far more basic , the annual and unpredictable variations in the weather and the effects which this would have on the harvest .

One can not say how accurate this picture is in detail , nor if Langland is describing a famine or normal peasant conditions .
one can not say how accurate this picture is in detail , nor if langland is describing a famine or normal peasant [rules] .

These were the main items of agricultural produce , although there were many variations in the quantity of each grown , presumably resulting from local soil conditions .
these were the main items of agricultural produce , although there were many variations in the quantity of each grown , presumably resulting from local soil [rules] .

Although his view is probably idealized and unlikely to be particularly informed about peasant conditions , there is some evidence to support his assertions .
although his view is probably idealized and unlikely to be particularly informed about peasant [rules] , there is some evidence to support his assertions .

In the last thirty years archaeological investigation of deserted village sites has added substantially to our knowledge of peasant conditions , and will probably provide more information in future , particularly by enabling fuller comparisons to be made between different parts of the country .
in the last thirty years archaeological investigation of deserted village sites has added substantially to our knowledge of peasant [rules] , and will probably provide more information in future , particularly by enabling fuller comparisons to be made between different parts of the country .

One may pursue this parallel further , and suggest that , just as many strikes in modern industry are prompted by particular local conditions , and reflect immediate discontents rather than any general revolutionary outlook , equally many peasant movements had no wide aims , but merely indicate a grievance against a particular manorial lord .
one may pursue this parallel further , and suggest that , just as many strikes in modern industry are prompted by particular local [rules] , and reflect immediate discontents rather than any general revolutionary outlook , equally many peasant movements had no wide aims , but merely indicate a grievance against a particular manorial lord .

The taxation in itself , however heavy , could hardly have sparked off so violent a conflagration if conditions had not been appropriate for it .
the taxation in itself , however heavy , could hardly have sparked off so violent a conflagration if [rules] had not been appropriate for it .

Predictably , local risings were sporadic , but once the spark had been kindled , conditions were clearly ripe for revolt .
predictably , local risings were sporadic , but once the spark had been kindled , [rules] were clearly ripe for revolt .

It is possible that here , and again in Norfolk in 1549 , the basic grievances lay in local rather than national conditions .
it is possible that here , and again in norfolk in 1549 , the basic grievances lay in local rather than national [rules] .

The problems connected with these are inseparable , because of the variety of local conditions , which led to them taking place at different times in various parts of the kingdom .
the problems connected with these are inseparable , because of the variety of local [rules] , which led to them taking place at different times in various parts of the kingdom .

Local conditions must go a long way to explaining why some villages were vulnerable to enclosure and others were not , and these variations could occur within the limits of a single shire .
local [rules] must go a long way to explaining why some villages were vulnerable to enclosure and others were not , and these variations could occur within the limits of a single shire .

The areas enclosed in the south of the county were on average larger than those in the east , so it is likely that enclosure there took place at a time when conditions were more conducive to the practice .
the areas enclosed in the south of the county were on average larger than those in the east , so it is likely that enclosure there took place at a time when [rules] were more conducive to the practice .

Although such rescue excavation work can not be more than piecemeal , as sites become available , results already obtained have provided useful information on conditions of urban life , in the types of buildings where people lived , on the desertion of houses within towns and around them , and on the distribution of trades within the towns .
although such rescue excavation work can not be more than piecemeal , as sites become available , results already obtained have provided useful information on [rules] of urban life , in the types of buildings where people lived , on the desertion of houses within towns and around them , and on the distribution of trades within the towns .

Insanitary conditions , and the concentration of people and rats in a limited area , made them vulnerable to attacks of plague , and it is noteworthy that even when the disease had ceased to be common in the country , it persisted in urban areas .
insanitary [rules] , and the concentration of people and rats in a limited area , made them vulnerable to attacks of plague , and it is noteworthy that even when the disease had ceased to be common in the country , it persisted in urban areas .

Bridbury also suggests , from the admissions to the freedom of the boroughs , that the ranks of the citizens were being widened , and that even at a time when rural conditions provided more incentive for men to remain in the country than at an earlier date the towns were still able to attract them ( 61 , pp.624 ( Tables , 659 ) ) .
bridbury also suggests , from the admissions to the freedom of the boroughs , that the ranks of the citizens were being widened , and that even at a time when rural [rules] provided more incentive for men to remain in the country than at an earlier date the towns were still able to attract them ( 61 , pp.624 ( tables , 659 ) ) .

The  Isle of Brasil  was mythical , but fifteenth-century Atlantic charts suggest that belief in lands across the ocean was not uncommon , and there is more than just possibility that the Bristol men had heard of some landfall in them before 1480 , perhaps when ships had been blown off course by abnormal wind conditions .
the  isle of brasil  was mythical , but fifteenth-century atlantic charts suggest that belief in lands across the ocean was not uncommon , and there is more than just possibility that the bristol men had heard of some landfall in them before 1480 , perhaps when ships had been blown off course by abnormal wind [rules] .

But most pathogenic bacteria rapidly lose their viability in air and even in fully saturated conditions aerosols evaporate quickly , with desiccation of micro-organisms .
but most pathogenic bacteria rapidly lose their viability in air and even in fully saturated [rules] aerosols evaporate quickly , with desiccation of micro-organisms .

However , legionellae suspended in aerosol at 65 % relative humidity in laboratory conditions can survive for at least 2 h , so it is possible that legionellae are also robust in air in natural conditions .
however , legionellae suspended in aerosol at 65 % relative humidity in laboratory [rules] can survive for at least 2 h , so it is possible that legionellae are also robust in air in natural [rules] .

Amoebae not only provide an important reservoir of intracellular legionellae , increasing uptake of the bacteria in adverse conditions ; warm water systems they can also provide a continuous supply of extracellular bacteria .
amoebae not only provide an important reservoir of intracellular legionellae , increasing uptake of the bacteria in adverse [rules] ; warm water systems they can also provide a continuous supply of extracellular bacteria .

At each visit , a detailed interview was conducted about the occurrence on each day of the week of 21 listed symptoms , signs , and conditions , using locally defined terms where appropriate .
at each visit , a detailed interview was conducted about the occurrence on each day of the week of 21 listed symptoms , signs , and [rules] , using locally defined terms where appropriate .

There was only 1 death over 2 years in the group of 14 patients with mild comorbid conditions .
there was only 1 death over 2 years in the group of 14 patients with mild comorbid [rules] .

By contrast , those patients with severe comorbid conditions had a consistently high mortality during the 2 years after discharge : 60 % were alive after 12 months and only 30 % after 24 months .
by contrast , those patients with severe comorbid [rules] had a consistently high mortality during the 2 years after discharge : 60 % were alive after 12 months and only 30 % after 24 months .

As we expected , the group with moderate comorbid conditions had a mortality intermediate between these two extremes .
as we expected , the group with moderate comorbid [rules] had a mortality intermediate between these two extremes .

Our most important finding , however , was that age was only weakly associated with mortality , even after adjustment for the severity of comorbid conditions .
our most important finding , however , was that age was only weakly associated with mortality , even after adjustment for the severity of comorbid [rules] .

An obvious starting point is to look at conditions where chemicals are known to produce similar syndromes and these have to include not only the neurodegenerative diseases but also migraine , myasthenia , and cancer .
an obvious starting point is to look at [rules] where chemicals are known to produce similar syndromes and these have to include not only the neurodegenerative diseases but also migraine , myasthenia , and cancer .

Students ' attention should be drawn to the problems inherent in calculating the economic value of a business that has not started and to the problems with historic cost in changing economic conditions .
students ' attention should be drawn to the problems inherent in calculating the economic value of a business that has not started and to the problems with historic cost in changing economic [rules] .

You have been so successful as a branch manager that the company has promoted you to the position of regional manager in charge of twenty shops all of whose managers work under the conditions outlined in situation 3 above .
you have been so successful as a branch manager that the company has promoted you to the position of regional manager in charge of twenty shops all of whose managers work under the [rules] outlined in situation 3 above .

Some complementary therapies meet this prerequisite : homoeopathy works in certain situations ; manual therapy is effective for low back pain ; electroacupuncture relieves symptoms of fibromyalgia ; plant products are helpful in various conditions ; hydrotherapy can prevent common colds and alleviate the symptoms of varicose veins .
some complementary therapies meet this prerequisite : homoeopathy works in certain situations ; manual therapy is effective for low back pain ; electroacupuncture relieves symptoms of fibromyalgia ; plant products are helpful in various [rules] ; hydrotherapy can prevent common colds and alleviate the symptoms of varicose veins .

The psychological and physical effects of starvation have been well documented under natural and experimental conditions .
the psychological and physical effects of starvation have been well documented under natural and experimental [rules] .

The starvation effects of anorexia nervosa are very different to those found in conditions such as protein-calorie malnutrition or famine .
the starvation effects of anorexia nervosa are very different to those found in [rules] such as protein-calorie malnutrition or famine .

With respect to unhygienic conditions , cells are too often soiled by their inmates .
with respect to unhygienic [rules] , cells are too often soiled by their inmates .

 Is n't it a bit odd to leave property to joint heirs with no conditions laid down for its distribution ? 
 is n't it a bit odd to leave property to joint heirs with no [rules] laid down for its distribution ? 

The time was about right but conditions were quite different : instead of misty rain the evening was clear , the air was balmy with that silky feel , and the waters of the harbour gleamed in the darkness .
the time was about right but [rules] were quite different : instead of misty rain the evening was clear , the air was balmy with that silky feel , and the waters of the harbour gleamed in the darkness .

they are attached to positions open to all equal opportunity conditions .
they are attached to positions open to all equal opportunity [rules] .

This is equivalent to the competitive processes of matching consumer preferences and cost conditions in a market with many buyers and sellers and it is possible to show that under appropriate conditions similar efficiency properties will characterise the ultimate equilibrium of the distribution of households across local authorities .
this is equivalent to the competitive processes of matching consumer preferences and cost [rules] in a market with many buyers and sellers and it is possible to show that under appropriate [rules] similar efficiency properties will characterise the ultimate equilibrium of the distribution of households across local authorities .

So how can we test whether fiscal conditions play any role in the decision to reside in a local community ?
so how can we test whether fiscal [rules] play any role in the decision to reside in a local community ?

One looks at the relationship between fiscal conditions and house prices , the other looks at fiscal preferences and residence .
one looks at the relationship between fiscal [rules] and house prices , the other looks at fiscal preferences and residence .

Neither view comes out unscathed , and the conditions under which each holds more water is explored in chapter 16 .
neither view comes out unscathed , and the [rules] under which each holds more water is explored in chapter 16 .

At least Morse spared Cedric Downes the charade of a cordial re-greeting ; he even forbore to express the hope that conditions were satisfactory and that the prisoner was being well treated .
at least morse spared cedric downes the charade of a cordial re-greeting ; he even forbore to express the hope that [rules] were satisfactory and that the prisoner was being well treated .

 Then what was all that talk of hibernation and test conditions ? 
 then what was all that talk of hibernation and test [rules] ? 

They flourish when the perfect conditions occur for them to do so .
they flourish when the perfect [rules] occur for them to do so .

If it is contained in a user-supplied package , it must satisfy the following conditions :
if it is contained in a user-supplied package , it must satisfy the following [rules] :

If all the above conditions are met , the new user will be notified by way of a mail message .
if all the above [rules] are met , the new user will be notified by way of a mail message .

If any SPRs are specified , the following conditions must be satisfied :
if any sprs are specified , the following [rules] must be satisfied :

Any SPRs added must satisfy the following conditions :
any sprs added must satisfy the following [rules] :

Adaptations to xerophyte conditions
adaptations to xerophyte [rules]

Under dry conditions the leaves become rolled , but when water is plentiful they flatten out , e.g marram grass .
under dry [rules] the leaves become rolled , but when water is plentiful they flatten out , e.g marram grass .

It is usual to quote gas volume and other physical properties under conditions of standard temperature and pressure .
it is usual to quote gas volume and other physical properties under [rules] of standard temperature and pressure .

The measurement of temperature and pressure can be avoided by using a comparative method whereby the gas density of the gas of unknown molar mass is compared with the gas density of a gas of known molar mass under identical conditions of temperature and pressure .
the measurement of temperature and pressure can be avoided by using a comparative method whereby the gas density of the gas of unknown molar mass is compared with the gas density of a gas of known molar mass under identical [rules] of temperature and pressure .

The rates of diffusion of two gases may be compared by measuring the time taken for a given volume of each gas to diffuse through a porous surface under identical conditions .
the rates of diffusion of two gases may be compared by measuring the time taken for a given volume of each gas to diffuse through a porous surface under identical [rules] .

The ratio of the rates of diffusion of two gases a and b diffusing under identical conditions is given by From equation ( 6 ) we see that , under the same conditions of temperature and pressure , density is proportional to molar mass .
the ratio of the rates of diffusion of two gases a and b diffusing under identical [rules] is given by from equation ( 6 ) we see that , under the same [rules] of temperature and pressure , density is proportional to molar mass .

Graham studied the rates of effusion of gases and found that the relative rates of effusion of different gases under the same conditions are inversely proportional to the square roots of their densities .
graham studied the rates of effusion of gases and found that the relative rates of effusion of different gases under the same [rules] are inversely proportional to the square roots of their densities .

However , at any given instant the distribution of molecular speeds is always constant under the same conditions .
however , at any given instant the distribution of molecular speeds is always constant under the same [rules] .

( ii ) What changes in conditions of temperature and pressure would result in further deviations from the ideal gas law ? Explain the significance of these changes .
( ii ) what changes in [rules] of temperature and pressure would result in further deviations from the ideal gas law ? explain the significance of these changes .

The standard molar enthalpy of a reaction is the enthalpy change under standard conditions per mole of the reaction as specified by a balanced chemical equation .
the standard molar enthalpy of a reaction is the enthalpy change under standard [rules] per mole of the reaction as specified by a balanced chemical equation .

The standard molar lattice enthalpy is the enthalpy change which accompanies the formation of one mole of the solid ionic compound from its gaseous ions under standard conditions .
the standard molar lattice enthalpy is the enthalpy change which accompanies the formation of one mole of the solid ionic compound from its gaseous ions under standard [rules] .

This ageing will vary with the spirit ( higher-distillation-proof spirits need less age because they have less flavour ) , the material of the cask ( whether it is new or used and how deeply the interior is charred ) , the size of the cask ( which determines the wood-to-liquid ratio ) , and the storage conditions ( which are affected by temperature and humidity ) .
this ageing will vary with the spirit ( higher-distillation-proof spirits need less age because they have less flavour ) , the material of the cask ( whether it is new or used and how deeply the interior is charred ) , the size of the cask ( which determines the wood-to-liquid ratio ) , and the storage [rules] ( which are affected by temperature and humidity ) .

The regions bounded by the curves represent conditions where a single phase is stable .
the regions bounded by the curves represent [rules] where a single phase is stable .

The curves represent conditions under which two phases are in equilibrium .
the curves represent [rules] under which two phases are in equilibrium .

When an element can exist in two or more allotropic forms each of which is stable over a range of conditions , it is said to exhibit enantiotropy .
when an element can exist in two or more allotropic forms each of which is stable over a range of [rules] , it is said to exhibit enantiotropy .

Let us now consider the conditions under which three mixtures in this system boil .
let us now consider the [rules] under which three mixtures in this system boil .

The law only holds under certain conditions : The temperature must be constant .
the law only holds under certain [rules] : the temperature must be constant .

Whether this was a result of the improved economic conditions on one hand or the introduction of pro-natalist measures it is difficult to assess .
whether this was a result of the improved economic [rules] on one hand or the introduction of pro-natalist measures it is difficult to assess .

His gamble on the ability of industry to produce improved living conditions before the peasantry and proletariat found the burden intolerable , did not come off .
his gamble on the ability of industry to produce improved living [rules] before the peasantry and proletariat found the burden intolerable , did not come off .

He also points out  the freedoms of the Western model were incompatible with government initiative in the Russian tradition  and  parliamentary government under Russian conditions  simply could not solve Russian problems .
he also points out  the freedoms of the western model were incompatible with government initiative in the russian tradition  and  parliamentary government under russian [rules]  simply could not solve russian problems .

In other words  the Russian revolution will create conditions in which power can pass in to the hands of the workers  before the politicians of bourgeois liberalism get the chance to display to the full their talent for governing  .
in other words  the russian revolution will create [rules] in which power can pass in to the hands of the workers  before the politicians of bourgeois liberalism get the chance to display to the full their talent for governing  .

University undergraduates pointed to targets under a variety of conditions .
university undergraduates pointed to targets under a variety of [rules] .

The distance of a finger from a target was measured where the subject was either under normal conditions , wearing prisms , or had his/her eyes closed while listening to an auditory signal using a within subjects design .
the distance of a finger from a target was measured where the subject was either under normal [rules] , wearing prisms , or had his/her eyes closed while listening to an auditory signal using a within subjects design .

The subject was then asked to point at the targets under three conditions :
the subject was then asked to point at the targets under three [rules] :

After measurements had been carried out under each of these conditions , the metre rule was moved back towards the experimenter so that the subject could see his/her finger when pointing .
after measurements had been carried out under each of these [rules] , the metre rule was moved back towards the experimenter so that the subject could see his/her finger when pointing .

The distance of a finger from a target was measured where the subject was either under normal conditions , wearing prisms , or using a non-preferred hand while wearing prisms using a within subjects design .
the distance of a finger from a target was measured where the subject was either under normal [rules] , wearing prisms , or using a non-preferred hand while wearing prisms using a within subjects design .

The F-ratio was calculated in order to determine whether any of the conditions showed a significant difference from the others .
the f-ratio was calculated in order to determine whether any of the [rules] showed a significant difference from the others .

Several t-tests were carried out between conditions in order to find which hypothesis was most strongly supported .
several t-tests were carried out between [rules] in order to find which hypothesis was most strongly supported .

Attention then had to be directed towards identifying the conditions under which recency rather than primacy would be shown .
attention then had to be directed towards identifying the [rules] under which recency rather than primacy would be shown .

Finley says  the issue is whether this state of affairs is under , modern conditions , a necessary and desirable one or whether new forms of popular participation in the Athenian Spirit need to be invented  .
finley says  the issue is whether this state of affairs is under , modern [rules] , a necessary and desirable one or whether new forms of popular participation in the athenian spirit need to be invented  .

Democratic autonomy , which would specify conditions for the active participation of citizens in decisions which affect them , is Held 's Ideal .
democratic autonomy , which would specify [rules] for the active participation of citizens in decisions which affect them , is held 's ideal .

In the course of getting to know the right conditions for plants to survive well , in addition to looking their best in the overall scheme of the garden , Tricia  internationally known as an interior designer  has naturally become something of a plantswoman .
in the course of getting to know the right [rules] for plants to survive well , in addition to looking their best in the overall scheme of the garden , tricia  internationally known as an interior designer  has naturally become something of a plantswoman .

Bergenia `` Bressingham Ruby `` has large smooth long-lasting rounded leaves which turn deep red in winter conditions and rich red flowers .
bergenia `` bressingham ruby `` has large smooth long-lasting rounded leaves which turn deep red in winter [rules] and rich red flowers .

Hang stems in small bunches in dark airy dry conditions .
hang stems in small bunches in dark airy dry [rules] .

Under these difficult conditions , some firm decisions had to be made on cost savings , both with regard to investment and labour .
under these difficult [rules] , some firm decisions had to be made on cost savings , both with regard to investment and labour .

Reyburns and Lyles traded well in difficult economic conditions .
reyburns and lyles traded well in difficult economic [rules] .

The presentation was made at the Annual Sales Conference in March , where Trevor 's achievement was noted as holding particular merit in such competitive trading conditions .
the presentation was made at the annual sales conference in march , where trevor 's achievement was noted as holding particular merit in such competitive trading [rules] .

This is in line with the tougher market conditions we are experiencing and like the hard hit retail sector , the contract and hospitality business ( in which Runcorn majors ) has also been squeezed .
this is in line with the tougher market [rules] we are experiencing and like the hard hit retail sector , the contract and hospitality business ( in which runcorn majors ) has also been squeezed .

And it 's that , it 's maybe the conditions that we impose before we achieve an alliance or are able to enter into joint activity , that bothers me greatly .
and it 's that , it 's maybe the [rules] that we impose before we achieve an alliance or are able to enter into joint activity , that bothers me greatly .

Women are imprisoned in intolerable conditions .
women are imprisoned in intolerable [rules] .

The women at the sit-in issued the following appeal :  On the occasion of International Women 's Day , we , the Palestinian Women have been on a hunger strike since February 23 , 1989 in solidarity with our sons who have been holding hunger strikes in Israeli jails in protest against their inhuman prison conditions .
the women at the sit-in issued the following appeal :  on the occasion of international women 's day , we , the palestinian women have been on a hunger strike since february 23 , 1989 in solidarity with our sons who have been holding hunger strikes in israeli jails in protest against their inhuman prison [rules] .

Our young Men and Women are being killed and tortured , our children are being mutilated by explosive objects , our lands are being confiscated , our trees uprooted and our homes demolished only to be replaced by Israeli settlements  We therefore urge our friends to press for inquiry commissions to investigate the terrible conditions of all Israeli jails .
our young men and women are being killed and tortured , our children are being mutilated by explosive objects , our lands are being confiscated , our trees uprooted and our homes demolished only to be replaced by israeli settlements  we therefore urge our friends to press for inquiry commissions to investigate the terrible [rules] of all israeli jails .

Ms Washington shows the Afro-american woman writer as an insistent voice raised against the conditions and stereotyping of Black people , while fighting sexist condescension and attempts at silencing her not only from the white literary establishment but from Black male critics as well .
ms washington shows the afro-american woman writer as an insistent voice raised against the [rules] and stereotyping of black people , while fighting sexist condescension and attempts at silencing her not only from the white literary establishment but from black male critics as well .

Mexico 's first woman director , she made three features from 1948  1951 before production conditions forced her to turn to making shorts .
mexico 's first woman director , she made three features from 1948  1951 before production [rules] forced her to turn to making shorts .

Supportive social conditions enable some of us while disabling others .
supportive social [rules] enable some of us while disabling others .

At the 1985 Women 's Hearings on Reproductive Technology at the European Parliament , Theresia Degener recognised the difficulty , saying  fear of the birth of a handicapped child is all too justified because for mothers it usually means isolation and discrimination , giving up their jobs and/or poverty  Only too often these economic and social conditions are confused with the disability itself  .
at the 1985 women 's hearings on reproductive technology at the european parliament , theresia degener recognised the difficulty , saying  fear of the birth of a handicapped child is all too justified because for mothers it usually means isolation and discrimination , giving up their jobs and/or poverty  only too often these economic and social [rules] are confused with the disability itself  .

( To explain : some genetic conditions mostly occur in one sex , either male or female .
( to explain : some genetic [rules] mostly occur in one sex , either male or female .

Drastic improvements to the inhuman conditions under which South African political prisoners are kept .
drastic improvements to the inhuman [rules] under which south african political prisoners are kept .

It is not only the government who is to blame for the poor conditions of domestic workers .
it is not only the government who is to blame for the poor [rules] of domestic workers .

Conditions in Evin have been so appalling that three women prisoners committed suicide in December .
[rules] in evin have been so appalling that three women prisoners committed suicide in december .

Refugees from the Iraq regime 's genocidal chemical weapons war against the people of Iraq Kurdistan are living in appalling conditions in Turkey , Iran or parts of Iraq outside their own region , in internment camps .
refugees from the iraq regime 's genocidal chemical weapons war against the people of iraq kurdistan are living in appalling [rules] in turkey , iran or parts of iraq outside their own region , in internment camps .

You may qualify for a  do-it-yourself  divorce if all the conditions below are met :
you may qualify for a  do-it-yourself  divorce if all the [rules] below are met :

When a visitor from the State Department said the Americans might start helping Haiti again , the country 's latest boss , General Prosper Avril , was glad to accept the conditions .
when a visitor from the state department said the americans might start helping haiti again , the country 's latest boss , general prosper avril , was glad to accept the [rules] .

More recently trading conditions have improved albeit only marginally since 31st March year end .
more recently trading [rules] have improved albeit only marginally since 31st march year end .

Exhibitors reported that although the visitors numbers were slightly down on those for  88  due to current trading conditions  their quality and purchasing power were of as high a level as ever .
exhibitors reported that although the visitors numbers were slightly down on those for  88  due to current trading [rules]  their quality and purchasing power were of as high a level as ever .

We guarantee nothing  wild birds are free to go where they wish and , though we can give them the best possible conditions , we can never be certain that they will stand in front of a hide !
we guarantee nothing  wild birds are free to go where they wish and , though we can give them the best possible [rules] , we can never be certain that they will stand in front of a hide !

The field outside is full of foxes and rabbits but none of them will be preserved because you need the right conditions .
the field outside is full of foxes and rabbits but none of them will be preserved because you need the right [rules] .

The opportunities and threats posed by the external environment should also be considered . How are they expected to change over time , for example , in relation to new developments , market conditions , competitors , new legislation , exchange rates and political risks ?
the opportunities and threats posed by the external environment should also be considered . how are they expected to change over time , for example , in relation to new developments , market [rules] , competitors , new legislation , exchange rates and political risks ?

quick responses to changing market conditions and customer demand .
quick responses to changing market [rules] and customer demand .

sensitivity analysis how sensitive is the strategy to changes in assumptions about future conditions ?
sensitivity analysis how sensitive is the strategy to changes in assumptions about future [rules] ?

It will provide a framework for structured , creative thinking and produce a greater understanding of the business and of the markets and other conditions in which the business operates .
it will provide a framework for structured , creative thinking and produce a greater understanding of the business and of the markets and other [rules] in which the business operates .

The precise terms and conditions of a loan will depend on the criteria of the lender and the borrower and the type of project .
the precise terms and [rules] of a loan will depend on the criteria of the lender and the borrower and the type of project .

Trigger clauses define the conditions when the balance of the amount outstanding becomes due .
trigger clauses define the [rules] when the balance of the amount outstanding becomes due .

Development banks tend to take a long time to evaluate a project and are likely to impose conditions such as putting out all construction and equipment contracts to competitive tender .
development banks tend to take a long time to evaluate a project and are likely to impose [rules] such as putting out all construction and equipment contracts to competitive tender .

It is often helpful to approach a potential source of finance at this stage for informal discussions on the terms and conditions of finance likely to be available for the project .
it is often helpful to approach a potential source of finance at this stage for informal discussions on the terms and [rules] of finance likely to be available for the project .

On completion of the design , the accuracy of the forecast cost increases with receipt of tenders but there will still be significant inaccuracy reflecting the likelihood of unforseen events occurring , such as differing ground conditions and the introduction of variations .
on completion of the design , the accuracy of the forecast cost increases with receipt of tenders but there will still be significant inaccuracy reflecting the likelihood of unforseen events occurring , such as differing ground [rules] and the introduction of variations .

If the client takes more of the risks , the contractor 's tender prices may be lower , but the clients may have to pay extra sums as the contract proceeds and the risk becomes quantifiable in the light of claims and variations because of events such as unforeseen ground conditions .
if the client takes more of the risks , the contractor 's tender prices may be lower , but the clients may have to pay extra sums as the contract proceeds and the risk becomes quantifiable in the light of claims and variations because of events such as unforeseen ground [rules] .

Onerous conditions of contract cost money .
onerous [rules] of contract cost money .

If an unexpected event occurs , such as unforeseen ground conditions of the recognition of a deficiency in design information , steps must be taken immediately to respond to the event and to minimize its effects .
if an unexpected event occurs , such as unforeseen ground [rules] of the recognition of a deficiency in design information , steps must be taken immediately to respond to the event and to minimize its effects .

Under both the Institution of Civil Engineer 's Conditions of Contract ( fifth edition ) and Joint Contracts Tribunal conditions the contractor may apply for payment for permanent work done to date and , depending on the terms of the contract , for purchase of goods off site ( subject to title to the goods having passed to the employer ) .
under both the institution of civil engineer 's [rules] of contract ( fifth edition ) and joint contracts tribunal [rules] the contractor may apply for payment for permanent work done to date and , depending on the terms of the contract , for purchase of goods off site ( subject to title to the goods having passed to the employer ) .

Generally claims arise when conditions change from those originally envisaged . With the exception of genuinely unforeseen circumstances , changes in conditions may be attributed to imprecise or inadequate contract documents
generally claims arise when [rules] change from those originally envisaged . with the exception of genuinely unforeseen circumstances , changes in [rules] may be attributed to imprecise or inadequate contract documents

Reasons for a reduction in productivity may include a poorly planned operation which can result in longer learning curves and a low average output the introduction of more learning curves because of frequent changes of resources and working methods changing physical conditions lower outputs because plant was initially selected for one activity and is used for another inappropriate activity longer hours being worked regularly ( this can occur , for example , when accelerating the work rate to recover delays ) the lowering of morale owing to frequent changes of plan and poor management .
reasons for a reduction in productivity may include a poorly planned operation which can result in longer learning curves and a low average output the introduction of more learning curves because of frequent changes of resources and working methods changing physical [rules] lower outputs because plant was initially selected for one activity and is used for another inappropriate activity longer hours being worked regularly ( this can occur , for example , when accelerating the work rate to recover delays ) the lowering of morale owing to frequent changes of plan and poor management .

Another example is the breeding of new varieties specifically for certain environmental conditions , eg , for better performance under dry land farming conditions , for quicker growth in northern areas where the growing season is limited or for more efficient photosynthesis .
another example is the breeding of new varieties specifically for certain environmental [rules] , eg , for better performance under dry land farming [rules] , for quicker growth in northern areas where the growing season is limited or for more efficient photosynthesis .

In the immediate future , the biological synthesis of specific products is likely to be confined to bacterial cultures under strictly controlled conditions .
in the immediate future , the biological synthesis of specific products is likely to be confined to bacterial cultures under strictly controlled [rules] .

In this small community the adjustments can be made for the handicapping conditions of the persons involved .
in this small community the adjustments can be made for the handicapping [rules] of the persons involved .

The result of Mr Kenneth Baker 's current thinking on a national curriculum , on a new negotiating structure for teachers ' pay and conditions ind on increasing the independence ind financial responsibility of individual schools would be to make local education authorities largely redundant .
the result of mr kenneth baker 's current thinking on a national curriculum , on a new negotiating structure for teachers ' pay and [rules] ind on increasing the independence ind financial responsibility of individual schools would be to make local education authorities largely redundant .

Linked with this were the revival of the economy through a change to a market system , the restoration of the environment , improvement and protection of social conditions , linking the country to pan-European structures , and relations between Czechs and Slovaks .
linked with this were the revival of the economy through a change to a market system , the restoration of the environment , improvement and protection of social [rules] , linking the country to pan-european structures , and relations between czechs and slovaks .

Shevardnadze said that in order to create favourable conditions for negotiations on the reduction of short-range nuclear weapons , the Soviet Union proposed to withdraw from central Europe by the end of 1990 , 60 tactical missile launchers , over 250 nuclear artillery units , and 1,500 nuclear warheads .
shevardnadze said that in order to create favourable [rules] for negotiations on the reduction of short-range nuclear weapons , the soviet union proposed to withdraw from central europe by the end of 1990 , 60 tactical missile launchers , over 250 nuclear artillery units , and 1,500 nuclear warheads .

Buyoya announced on Jan. 10 , 1990 , that , due to weather conditions and the drop in world coffee prices [ for which see p. 36836 ] , Burundi 's economic performance was very poor during 1989 .
buyoya announced on jan. 10 , 1990 , that , due to weather [rules] and the drop in world coffee prices [ for which see p. 36836 ] , burundi 's economic performance was very poor during 1989 .

He said that he was awaiting a reply from the mediators concerning conditions for the talks .
he said that he was awaiting a reply from the mediators concerning [rules] for the talks .

The health workers were seeking a 100 per cent wage increase and improved conditions .
the health workers were seeking a 100 per cent wage increase and improved [rules] .

The annual conference of Sinn Fin , the political wing of the Irish republican movement , was held in Dublin on Feb. 3-4 , 1990 , during which Gerry Adams , the party president , said that he was ready at any time to discuss the conditions within which peace and justice could be created .
the annual conference of sinn fin , the political wing of the irish republican movement , was held in dublin on feb. 3-4 , 1990 , during which gerry adams , the party president , said that he was ready at any time to discuss the [rules] within which peace and justice could be created .

He called for Russia 's relations with the other union republics and with the union itself to be regulated by separate treaties , and for a union treaty to be renegotiated by a conference of parliamentarians from the union republics which would work out `` new , mutually acceptable forms of community `` without `` prior political and economic conditions `` .
he called for russia 's relations with the other union republics and with the union itself to be regulated by separate treaties , and for a union treaty to be renegotiated by a conference of parliamentarians from the union republics which would work out `` new , mutually acceptable forms of community `` without `` prior political and economic [rules] `` .

The independence resolution , drafted by the Popular Front , began by declaring that the June 1940 Soviet occupation of independent Latvia had been an `` international crime `` , and reiterating the illegality of the July 1940 elections conducted under Soviet supervision and in `` conditions of political terror `` for a Latvian parliament ( Saeima ) which had voted subsequently for Latvia 's accession to the Soviet Union .
the independence resolution , drafted by the popular front , began by declaring that the june 1940 soviet occupation of independent latvia had been an `` international crime `` , and reiterating the illegality of the july 1940 elections conducted under soviet supervision and in `` [rules] of political terror `` for a latvian parliament ( saeima ) which had voted subsequently for latvia 's accession to the soviet union .

The World Bank had in March 1989 suspended disbursements on $ 350,000,000 of sector reform loans after the government failed to meet the conditions attached to them [ see p. 36613 ] .
the world bank had in march 1989 suspended disbursements on $ 350,000,000 of sector reform loans after the government failed to meet the [rules] attached to them [ see p. 36613 ] .

In a television broadcast Menem criticized the action as `` sabotage by sectors which resist reform `` ; he vowed to stand firm against `` the law of the jungle `` and `` the savage vandalism concealed behind the unquestionable need for better living conditions `` , and to use all means at his disposal to get transport moving again , including obligatory arbitration .
in a television broadcast menem criticized the action as `` sabotage by sectors which resist reform `` ; he vowed to stand firm against `` the law of the jungle `` and `` the savage vandalism concealed behind the unquestionable need for better living [rules] `` , and to use all means at his disposal to get transport moving again , including obligatory arbitration .

According to Finance Minister Georgios Syrimis , the economy in 1989 showed conditions close to those of full employment , with unemployment standing at 2.5 per cent , and he noted that key sectors of the economy , particularly tourism , construction and industry , faced labour shortages .
according to finance minister georgios syrimis , the economy in 1989 showed [rules] close to those of full employment , with unemployment standing at 2.5 per cent , and he noted that key sectors of the economy , particularly tourism , construction and industry , faced labour shortages .

Conditions of Sale
[rules] of sale

After a sustained rooftop protest publicising their complaints about prison conditions , the last group of five prisoners finally surrendered on April 25 .
after a sustained rooftop protest publicising their complaints about prison [rules] , the last group of five prisoners finally surrendered on april 25 .

Throughout 1989 the media published complaints about low morale and poor conditions in the Soviet Army , including low pay , long hours with little time off , poor housing and healthcare , bullying ( often with a racist element ) and political indoctrination .
throughout 1989 the media published complaints about low morale and poor [rules] in the soviet army , including low pay , long hours with little time off , poor housing and healthcare , bullying ( often with a racist element ) and political indoctrination .

Among the conditions for the achievement of a comprehensive solution were : Israel 's withdrawal from `` Palestinian territory occupied since 1967 , including Jerusalem , and from the other occupied Arab territories `` ; the dismantling of Israeli settlements in the occupied territories ; and the guaranteeing of the security of all states in the region , including those named in Resolution 181  within secure and recognized boundaries `` .
among the [rules] for the achievement of a comprehensive solution were : israel 's withdrawal from `` palestinian territory occupied since 1967 , including jerusalem , and from the other occupied arab territories `` ; the dismantling of israeli settlements in the occupied territories ; and the guaranteeing of the security of all states in the region , including those named in resolution 181  within secure and recognized boundaries `` .

Production relations which `` caused the alienation of the working people from property and from the results of their work `` were being dismantled , and conditions were being created for `` free competition of socialist producers `` .
production relations which `` caused the alienation of the working people from property and from the results of their work `` were being dismantled , and [rules] were being created for `` free competition of socialist producers `` .

They demanded fulfilment of promises of improved living and working conditions , which the government had made in settlement of strikes in July 1989 [ see pp .
they demanded fulfilment of promises of improved living and working [rules] , which the government had made in settlement of strikes in july 1989 [ see pp .

Christa Luft , Minister of the Economy , revealed at a round table meeting on Jan. 3 that the country 's budget deficit in 1989 was 5,000-6,000 million Marks , of which agricultural losses due to adverse weather conditions totalled 1,300 million Marks .
christa luft , minister of the economy , revealed at a round table meeting on jan. 3 that the country 's budget deficit in 1989 was 5,000-6,000 million marks , of which agricultural losses due to adverse weather [rules] totalled 1,300 million marks .

Positive Egyptian response to Baker plan  Reiteration of " conditions " by Israel
positive egyptian response to baker plan  reiteration of " [rules] " by israel

It had also been reported that 37 prisoners in the Central Prison at Kenitra ( 50 km from Rabat ) took part in a 24-hour hunger strike on Dec. 10 , 1988 , in protest against prison conditions and alleged repression of prisoners ' families .
it had also been reported that 37 prisoners in the central prison at kenitra ( 50 km from rabat ) took part in a 24-hour hunger strike on dec. 10 , 1988 , in protest against prison [rules] and alleged repression of prisoners ' families .

If these conditions were not met , the would-be entrepreneur could seek legal redress .
if these [rules] were not met , the would-be entrepreneur could seek legal redress .

On Aug. 22 some 30,000 workers protested in Brasov ( Romania 's second largest city ) about shortages of raw materials which were paralysing machine-building factories , and poor working conditions and food supplies .
on aug. 22 some 30,000 workers protested in brasov ( romania 's second largest city ) about shortages of raw materials which were paralysing machine-building factories , and poor working [rules] and food supplies .

Led by Trude Unruh , 64 , the chair of the Grey Panthers who had been elected to the Bundestag in 1987 on the Greens ' list , the party 's main concerns were to be campaigning for better pensions and for better conditions in nursing homes and countering `` ageist `` attitudes .
led by trude unruh , 64 , the chair of the grey panthers who had been elected to the bundestag in 1987 on the greens ' list , the party 's main concerns were to be campaigning for better pensions and for better [rules] in nursing homes and countering `` ageist `` attitudes .

Under the revised code new principles were introduced , notably ( i ) the penal responsibility of legal entities of public and private law such as companies , trade unions and political parties ( a measure aimed at new crimes such as fraud , hazardous working conditions and pollution ) ; ( ii ) the concept of an " instigator " of a crime ( who would be liable to criminal prosecution and punishment on a similar basis as the " perpetrator " of a crime ) ; and ( iii ) the extension of " legitimate self-defence " to cover defence of property .
under the revised code new principles were introduced , notably ( i ) the penal responsibility of legal entities of public and private law such as companies , trade unions and political parties ( a measure aimed at new crimes such as fraud , hazardous working [rules] and pollution ) ; ( ii ) the concept of an " instigator " of a crime ( who would be liable to criminal prosecution and punishment on a similar basis as the " perpetrator " of a crime ) ; and ( iii ) the extension of " legitimate self-defence " to cover defence of property .

Disenchantment over pay and working conditions first appeared in the gendarmerie , a branch of the police whose military status did not allow its members to form trade unions or to complain publicly .
disenchantment over pay and working [rules] first appeared in the gendarmerie , a branch of the police whose military status did not allow its members to form trade unions or to complain publicly .

Moreover , after Minister of Defence Jean-Pierre Chevnement had convened a round table meeting and promised to upgrade conditions , the expression of discontent spread to other branches of the armed forces .
moreover , after minister of defence jean-pierre chevnement had convened a round table meeting and promised to upgrade [rules] , the expression of discontent spread to other branches of the armed forces .

 began a hunger strike on April 20 , 1989 , to demand political prisoner status and a relaxation of isolation conditions which they ended on July 21 .
 began a hunger strike on april 20 , 1989 , to demand political prisoner status and a relaxation of isolation [rules] which they ended on july 21 .

Employees of the Peugeot motor company , France 's largest private company , staged a two-month strike which ended on Oct. 23 , 1989 , to demand higher wages and better conditions .
employees of the peugeot motor company , france 's largest private company , staged a two-month strike which ended on oct. 23 , 1989 , to demand higher wages and better [rules] .

Libyan military recruitment among Tuareg nomads , notably prior to 1987-88 for service in the so-called `` Islamic Legion `` , had created the conditions in which those returning to northern Mali and Niger could be targeted as foreign-armed troublemakers .
libyan military recruitment among tuareg nomads , notably prior to 1987-88 for service in the so-called `` islamic legion `` , had created the [rules] in which those returning to northern mali and niger could be targeted as foreign-armed troublemakers .

Mohawk leaders claimed that their action had focused world attention on land compensation claims of Canadian Indians and on the poor living conditions on reservations .
mohawk leaders claimed that their action had focused world attention on land compensation claims of canadian indians and on the poor living [rules] on reservations .

The federal government , in a four-point plan to improve such conditions , promised an accelerated process for settling land claims .
the federal government , in a four-point plan to improve such [rules] , promised an accelerated process for settling land claims .

Further government decrees on March 23 and April 10 removed all restrictions on the private hiring of labour , and created conditions for free enterprise in retailing , services and tourism .
further government decrees on march 23 and april 10 removed all restrictions on the private hiring of labour , and created [rules] for free enterprise in retailing , services and tourism .

After student protests and looting on Jan. 18-19 , doctors and teachers had gone on strike in late February , demanding better pay and conditions ; they were joined by telecommunications workers and airport staff .
after student protests and looting on jan. 18-19 , doctors and teachers had gone on strike in late february , demanding better pay and [rules] ; they were joined by telecommunications workers and airport staff .

Stoltenberg proposed ( i ) an improvement in the screening process in Hong Kong in order to distinguish between genuine refugees and economic migrants ; ( ii ) improved conditions within the Hong Kong refugee camps ; ( iii ) the acceptance of an agreement by Vietnam to increase its intake of returning voluntary refugees ; and ( iv ) an international effort to give direct economic assistance to those regions in Vietnam from which the boat people had come .
stoltenberg proposed ( i ) an improvement in the screening process in hong kong in order to distinguish between genuine refugees and economic migrants ; ( ii ) improved [rules] within the hong kong refugee camps ; ( iii ) the acceptance of an agreement by vietnam to increase its intake of returning voluntary refugees ; and ( iv ) an international effort to give direct economic assistance to those regions in vietnam from which the boat people had come .

Deputy Prime Minister Leonid Abalkin , presenting the draft law , said that it would create conditions necessary for the transfer to a planned market economy .
deputy prime minister leonid abalkin , presenting the draft law , said that it would create [rules] necessary for the transfer to a planned market economy .

Since the start of the political reform process in Bulgaria in November 1989 there had been a rash of strikes in many sectors of the economy against low pay , poor working conditions and unpopular or incompetent management .
since the start of the political reform process in bulgaria in november 1989 there had been a rash of strikes in many sectors of the economy against low pay , poor working [rules] and unpopular or incompetent management .

Among new measures ( i ) a new `` tax exempt special savings account `` would be introduced from January 1991 ; and ( ii ) the rate of pool betting duty would be reduced for a five-year period to release funds to be devoted to the improvement of safety and conditions at football grounds [ for April 1989 Hillsborough stadium disaster see p. 36597 ] .
among new measures ( i ) a new `` tax exempt special savings account `` would be introduced from january 1991 ; and ( ii ) the rate of pool betting duty would be reduced for a five-year period to release funds to be devoted to the improvement of safety and [rules] at football grounds [ for april 1989 hillsborough stadium disaster see p. 36597 ] .

On Feb. 8 about 500 conscript soldiers from Topraisar on the Black Sea had demonstrated in Victory Square about their living conditions .
on feb. 8 about 500 conscript soldiers from topraisar on the black sea had demonstrated in victory square about their living [rules] .

The crash had occurred at a time of clear visibility and good weather conditions .
the crash had occurred at a time of clear visibility and good weather [rules] .

Government civilians were reported to have urged that a forthcoming policy review of Japan 's defence programme should take account of and reflect " present conditions " , namely the dramatic improvement in East-West relations and a reduction of the military threat to Japan posed by the Soviet Union .
government civilians were reported to have urged that a forthcoming policy review of japan 's defence programme should take account of and reflect " present [rules] " , namely the dramatic improvement in east-west relations and a reduction of the military threat to japan posed by the soviet union .

The six championship courts ( five glass-backed ) provide ideal conditions for play , whilst the luxurious " Members Only " bar and lounge will make relaxing and spectating a real pleasure .
the six championship courts ( five glass-backed ) provide ideal [rules] for play , whilst the luxurious " members only " bar and lounge will make relaxing and spectating a real pleasure .

Some stars can be seen that way if the conditions happen to be appropriate , but children will not get very far as astronomers unless their own resources are supplemented by those accumulated by the tradition of astronomy built up over the centuries .
some stars can be seen that way if the [rules] happen to be appropriate , but children will not get very far as astronomers unless their own resources are supplemented by those accumulated by the tradition of astronomy built up over the centuries .

Bills seeking to exclude various categories of placemen from Parliament were introduced on average once every session between 1692 and 1714 , and a general measure banning all placemen from the Commons found its way into the Act of Settlement of 1701 ( which laid down the conditions on which the Hanoverians would succeed to the throne ) , although this provision was subsequently modified before the Act came into effect .
bills seeking to exclude various categories of placemen from parliament were introduced on average once every session between 1692 and 1714 , and a general measure banning all placemen from the commons found its way into the act of settlement of 1701 ( which laid down the [rules] on which the hanoverians would succeed to the throne ) , although this provision was subsequently modified before the act came into effect .

The basic obligation of GEMMs is `` to make on demand and in any trading conditions , continuous and effective two-way prices at which they stand committed to deal in appropriate size  thereby providing continuous liquidity for the investing public `` .
the basic obligation of gemms is `` to make on demand and in any trading [rules] , continuous and effective two-way prices at which they stand committed to deal in appropriate size  thereby providing continuous liquidity for the investing public `` .

That is to say , GEMMs provide a quote-driven market at all times and regardless of market conditions .
that is to say , gemms provide a quote-driven market at all times and regardless of market [rules] .

The Bank of England reserves the right to decline to accept bids that it judges to be out of line with market conditions even if this should mean that it does not sell all stock on offer .
the bank of england reserves the right to decline to accept bids that it judges to be out of line with market [rules] even if this should mean that it does not sell all stock on offer .

In the bond market , the Bank does not actively try to sell at a time when prices are falling ; indeed its spokesmen have often asserted that it can not sell in such conditions , that the views of investors in the short-term are predominantly extrapolative and that few will wish to buy stock when the price is falling .
in the bond market , the bank does not actively try to sell at a time when prices are falling ; indeed its spokesmen have often asserted that it can not sell in such [rules] , that the views of investors in the short-term are predominantly extrapolative and that few will wish to buy stock when the price is falling .

It was in these conditions that such amicable and intimate connections as existed between the two societies could begin to make a positive contribution , notably by facilitating and deepening the interchanges between policy-makers .
it was in these [rules] that such amicable and intimate connections as existed between the two societies could begin to make a positive contribution , notably by facilitating and deepening the interchanges between policy-makers .

In this instance the British wrongly persuaded themselves that the conditions extended to American benevolent neutrality if Britain chose to act independently of Washington .
in this instance the british wrongly persuaded themselves that the [rules] extended to american benevolent neutrality if britain chose to act independently of washington .

In over the counter deals the transactors can appraise such counterparty risk and take steps to avoid it , for example by writing conditions into the contract .
in over the counter deals the transactors can appraise such counterparty risk and take steps to avoid it , for example by writing [rules] into the contract .

The size of this deposit varies by contract , and from time to time depending on trading conditions .
the size of this deposit varies by contract , and from time to time depending on trading [rules] .

These envisaged peace on four conditions : if the Russian protectorate over the Danubian Principalities was replaced by a European guarantee ; if Russian control of the mouth of the Danube came to an end ; if the Straits Convention of 1841 was revised in the interests of the European balance of power ; and if the protection of Ottoman Christians by Russia was replaced by the collective protection of Europe 's five Great Powers . ``
these envisaged peace on four [rules] : if the russian protectorate over the danubian principalities was replaced by a european guarantee ; if russian control of the mouth of the danube came to an end ; if the straits convention of 1841 was revised in the interests of the european balance of power ; and if the protection of ottoman christians by russia was replaced by the collective protection of europe 's five great powers . ``

The Grand Duchess Elena Pavlovna made her first practical contribution to the improvement of conditions in the countryside when she asked Nikolai Miliutin to tell her how to free the serfs on her Ukrainian estate of Karlovka .
the grand duchess elena pavlovna made her first practical contribution to the improvement of [rules] in the countryside when she asked nikolai miliutin to tell her how to free the serfs on her ukrainian estate of karlovka .

Since large serf-owners tended not to live on their estates or to know much about rural conditions , few of the people whom the tsar had charged with thinking about emancipation had any idea of the complexities of the task .
since large serf-owners tended not to live on their estates or to know much about rural [rules] , few of the people whom the tsar had charged with thinking about emancipation had any idea of the complexities of the task .

Finally , it is emphasised that conditions in the eurobond market are subject to change over time , secularly as well as cyclically .
finally , it is emphasised that [rules] in the eurobond market are subject to change over time , secularly as well as cyclically .

To summarise ; among the most important `` stylised facts `` of eurobond market competition are the following : apparently highly , albeit imperfectly competitive market conditions ; low profitability ; periods of rapid entry with little effect on concentration ( barriers to growth ) ; growth maximising strategies by firms ( long run profit maximisation ) ; a high level of innovation ; and periodic changes in the nationality of the dominant firms .
to summarise ; among the most important `` stylised facts `` of eurobond market competition are the following : apparently highly , albeit imperfectly competitive market [rules] ; low profitability ; periods of rapid entry with little effect on concentration ( barriers to growth ) ; growth maximising strategies by firms ( long run profit maximisation ) ; a high level of innovation ; and periodic changes in the nationality of the dominant firms .

On the face of it , the market appears to have many of the features of a contestable market , that is , one where competitive conditions are maintained regardless of the market structure , due to the threat of new entry .
on the face of it , the market appears to have many of the features of a contestable market , that is , one where competitive [rules] are maintained regardless of the market structure , due to the threat of new entry .

Diplomatic relations with states outside Europe and the Near East were needed ( with the important exception of Anglo-American ones , in which territorial questions often bulked large ) mainly to provide suitable conditions for the growth and security of that trade .
diplomatic relations with states outside europe and the near east were needed ( with the important exception of anglo-american ones , in which territorial questions often bulked large ) mainly to provide suitable [rules] for the growth and security of that trade .

They should not be allowed to arrange unchecked and uncontrolled the terms of peace and to decide alone the conditions which will follow it . ``
they should not be allowed to arrange unchecked and uncontrolled the terms of peace and to decide alone the [rules] which will follow it . ``

But then , like the lama , he discovers his disabilities and the constraints of life to be the very conditions for experiencing the validity of transfiguration  the two are concomitant .
but then , like the lama , he discovers his disabilities and the constraints of life to be the very [rules] for experiencing the validity of transfiguration  the two are concomitant .

They did not travel to Tibet to seek enlightenment in high places and in an alien culture  though one at least knew the capacity of the literal pilgrimage journey to trigger an existential experience of this power , and they all believed some kind of solitude and withdrawal from the normal conditions of social life to be an enabler of such knowledge .
they did not travel to tibet to seek enlightenment in high places and in an alien culture  though one at least knew the capacity of the literal pilgrimage journey to trigger an existential experience of this power , and they all believed some kind of solitude and withdrawal from the normal [rules] of social life to be an enabler of such knowledge .

The prayers recommended before the consecration are for the spiritual welfare of all estates and conditions of men in terms of a literal and spiritual harvest which not only ensures their survival in this world but also in the next .
the prayers recommended before the consecration are for the spiritual welfare of all estates and [rules] of men in terms of a literal and spiritual harvest which not only ensures their survival in this world but also in the next .

For Rolle it seems that this `` sight `` can arise from both meditation and prayer , two conditions which look alike in his writing .
for rolle it seems that this `` sight `` can arise from both meditation and prayer , two [rules] which look alike in his writing .

Hilton addressed himself to the practical situation of his friend who felt himself torn by the demands of the active life impinging on his desire to pursue contemplation , and helps by showing that these two terms , so often used as opposites to refer to a manner of living , either as a professed religious or as a man of affairs , take their fundamental meaning from different inner conditions .
hilton addressed himself to the practical situation of his friend who felt himself torn by the demands of the active life impinging on his desire to pursue contemplation , and helps by showing that these two terms , so often used as opposites to refer to a manner of living , either as a professed religious or as a man of affairs , take their fundamental meaning from different inner [rules] .

In recommending what Hilton calls `` medeled liyf `` to his noble lord , he calls on the earlier tradition of awareness of a fundamental harmony between these two conditions  both crucial to temporal life as exemplified in the Incarnation .
in recommending what hilton calls `` medeled liyf `` to his noble lord , he calls on the earlier tradition of awareness of a fundamental harmony between these two [rules]  both crucial to temporal life as exemplified in the incarnation .

Quite apart from the hotly debated issue of language capability , the existing great apes are all creatures which can survive only in very limited numbers on specialized diets in specialized tropical conditions while the species Homo is just the reverse .
quite apart from the hotly debated issue of language capability , the existing great apes are all creatures which can survive only in very limited numbers on specialized diets in specialized tropical [rules] while the species homo is just the reverse .

Most of this adaptability depends upon cultural invention but , in a limited fashion , Homo also seems to undergo quite rapid genetic adaptation to specialized local conditions .
most of this adaptability depends upon cultural invention but , in a limited fashion , homo also seems to undergo quite rapid genetic adaptation to specialized local [rules] .

originated as adaptations to life under varying climatic and dietary conditions as did the fact that resistance to particular diseases varies markedly in different populations .
originated as adaptations to life under varying climatic and dietary [rules] as did the fact that resistance to particular diseases varies markedly in different populations .

At this point the whole argument not only takes us back to the eighteenth-century speculations about poetry versus reason , but begins to tie in with recent neurological discoveries concerning the workings of the two halves of the human brain which have been derived from experimentally induced conditions of aphasia .
at this point the whole argument not only takes us back to the eighteenth-century speculations about poetry versus reason , but begins to tie in with recent neurological discoveries concerning the workings of the two halves of the human brain which have been derived from experimentally induced [rules] of aphasia .

The buyer should not become obsessed with an issue or entrenched in a particular position and they should avoid defining certain conditions as non-negotiable or certain demands as absolute .
the buyer should not become obsessed with an issue or entrenched in a particular position and they should avoid defining certain [rules] as non-negotiable or certain demands as absolute .

In these circumstances where we have referred a sale opportunity to the purchaser , the terms and conditions of our introductory fee are set out in sections 1103.1 and 1108.1 .
in these circumstances where we have referred a sale opportunity to the purchaser , the terms and [rules] of our introductory fee are set out in sections 1103.1 and 1108.1 .

Unfavourable economic conditions and the existence of overseas potential purchasers tend to lengthen the sale process and the timetable should allow for these factors .
unfavourable economic [rules] and the existence of overseas potential purchasers tend to lengthen the sale process and the timetable should allow for these factors .

It should be noted that these projections do not reflect any benefits that may accrue to the Group following a transfer of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the Group 's current operating conditions will apply over the whole period under review  .
it should be noted that these projections do not reflect any benefits that may accrue to the group following a transfer of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the group 's current operating [rules] will apply over the whole period under review  .

They will of course be subject to a number of conditions such as inter alia a given level of profits and due diligence .
they will of course be subject to a number of [rules] such as inter alia a given level of profits and due diligence .

Section 0610 provides comprehensive listings of the contents , conditions and definitions which might be found in a heads of agreement letter .
section 0610 provides comprehensive listings of the contents , [rules] and definitions which might be found in a heads of agreement letter .

However , tactical considerations may dictate that some conditions and definition terms are omitted from the vendors ' draft of the heads .
however , tactical considerations may dictate that some [rules] and definition terms are omitted from the vendors ' draft of the heads .

The initiating member should offer an incentive to all Network members to encourage the submission of original prospective purchaser suggestions , in the form of a success fee equal to , for instance , 10% of the total estimated engagement fee and which would only be payable to a Network member 's firm if the following conditions are satisfied :
the initiating member should offer an incentive to all network members to encourage the submission of original prospective purchaser suggestions , in the form of a success fee equal to , for instance , 10% of the total estimated engagement fee and which would only be payable to a network member 's firm if the following [rules] are satisfied :

Conditions attaching to offer :
[rules] attaching to offer :

If no conditions remain to be fulfilled or consents obtained , completion is likely to be simultaneous , as that avoids the difficulties inherent in carrying on business pending completion .
if no [rules] remain to be fulfilled or consents obtained , completion is likely to be simultaneous , as that avoids the difficulties inherent in carrying on business pending completion .

If conditions or consents remain , completion will generally occur as soon as practicable after they are satisfied or waived .
if [rules] or consents remain , completion will generally occur as soon as practicable after they are satisfied or waived .

0702.2 Conditions
0702.2 [rules]

0702.5 Conduct pending , and conditions to , completion
0702.5 conduct pending , and [rules] to , completion

Disputes can also arise on the framing of the conditions to the obligation to complete .
disputes can also arise on the framing of the [rules] to the obligation to complete .

The seller will of course wish to restrict these conditions as far as possible and sometimes the conditions are restricted to events which fundamentally affect the business or value of the offeree and which can not be adequately compensated by an offer of financial or other compensation which the seller may be prepared to make .
the seller will of course wish to restrict these [rules] as far as possible and sometimes the [rules] are restricted to events which fundamentally affect the business or value of the offeree and which can not be adequately compensated by an offer of financial or other compensation which the seller may be prepared to make .

0703.4 Conditions
0703.4 [rules]

Conditions attaching to the sale , similar to those in sale of shares agreement , but also consents required for the transfer of properties , other major assets and major contracts .
[rules] attaching to the sale , similar to those in sale of shares agreement , but also consents required for the transfer of properties , other major assets and major contracts .

Purchaser will be obliged to maintain terms and conditions that preexisted .
purchaser will be obliged to maintain terms and [rules] that preexisted .

Under section 104 of the Companies Act 1985 a public company may not , in a defined initial period , enter into an agreement with a subscriber to the company 's memorandum for the transfer of one or more non-cash assets to the company , unless ( among other conditions ) the consideration to be received by the company , and any consideration other than cash to be given by the company , have been independently valued .
under section 104 of the companies act 1985 a public company may not , in a defined initial period , enter into an agreement with a subscriber to the company 's memorandum for the transfer of one or more non-cash assets to the company , unless ( among other [rules] ) the consideration to be received by the company , and any consideration other than cash to be given by the company , have been independently valued .

These experts have considerable experience and knowledge regarding market conditions and methodologies for commercial valuations , tax valuations , disputes and valuations of items such as brands .
these experts have considerable experience and knowledge regarding market [rules] and methodologies for commercial valuations , tax valuations , disputes and valuations of items such as brands .

a definition of the concept of a valuation , using such wording as :  Fair market value is defined as the price at which shares would change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller , neither being under compulsion to buy or sell , and both having reasonable knowledge of relevant facts and market conditions at the time .  ; and
a definition of the concept of a valuation , using such wording as :  fair market value is defined as the price at which shares would change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller , neither being under compulsion to buy or sell , and both having reasonable knowledge of relevant facts and market [rules] at the time .  ; and

Conditions :
[rules] :

Some comfort can be obtained by placing certain conditions to the offer e.g .
some comfort can be obtained by placing certain [rules] to the offer e.g .

The Panel discourages over complex and onerous conditions as the shareholder is left with great uncertainty as to the terms of the offer .
the panel discourages over complex and onerous [rules] as the shareholder is left with great uncertainty as to the terms of the offer .

the principal terms and conditions on which the offer is made ;
the principal terms and [rules] on which the offer is made ;

The terms and conditions under which the offer is made .
the terms and [rules] under which the offer is made .

Any conditions attaching to your indicative offer .
any [rules] attaching to your indicative offer .

We also need to understand any terms and conditions you wish to include as part of the deal structure .
we also need to understand any terms and [rules] you wish to include as part of the deal structure .

To select the preferred party we will need final offer prices , terms and conditions which will mean having to provide the short listed parties with the further information necessary for them to make a firm offer .
to select the preferred party we will need final offer prices , terms and [rules] which will mean having to provide the short listed parties with the further information necessary for them to make a firm offer .

It certainly was n't Foster 's idea of an easy tour , lurking in a cold , draughty doorway in a poorly lit service alley , in weather conditions more suited to a horror movie set .
it certainly was n't foster 's idea of an easy tour , lurking in a cold , draughty doorway in a poorly lit service alley , in weather [rules] more suited to a horror movie set .

Seasons and Conditions
seasons and [rules]

Under certain conditions , when the zander are actively hunting , this can pay off .
under certain [rules] , when the zander are actively hunting , this can pay off .

The same evening , under equally calm and lovely conditions , we had all the rods in operation in slightly deeper water .
the same evening , under equally calm and lovely [rules] , we had all the rods in operation in slightly deeper water .

It often happens , you fish a particular swim and have a good catch , return a day or two later , fish in the same manner under the same conditions and score a blank . Graham Marsden recalls such a time and offers and explanation
it often happens , you fish a particular swim and have a good catch , return a day or two later , fish in the same manner under the same [rules] and score a blank . graham marsden recalls such a time and offers and explanation

Conditions were better for fishing now than they 'd been all night .
[rules] were better for fishing now than they 'd been all night .

Although conditions were a little better in that there was a bit of breeze at times during the night , the moon had grown to a full half rather than the quarter it had been .
although [rules] were a little better in that there was a bit of breeze at times during the night , the moon had grown to a full half rather than the quarter it had been .

In these conditions a bottom-end fixing can be an advantage as the sunken line is away from the winds effects allowing the float to make progress , often slightly across the wind .
in these [rules] a bottom-end fixing can be an advantage as the sunken line is away from the winds effects allowing the float to make progress , often slightly across the wind .

But these are frustrating conditions for a dedicated drifter who does n't feel entirely happy unless at least one drifting vane is bobbing somewhere out on the horizon .
but these are frustrating [rules] for a dedicated drifter who does n't feel entirely happy unless at least one drifting vane is bobbing somewhere out on the horizon .

Perseverance with the drifter , even when conditions are not ideal for the method , often pays dividends .
perseverance with the drifter , even when [rules] are not ideal for the method , often pays dividends .

The study puts both the Great Famine and the potato in the Irish diet into perspective whilst attempting a nutritional analysis of diet and dietary changes making use of modern nutritional techniques and also the relationship between dietary change and nutritional change and its effects on economic and social conditions .
the study puts both the great famine and the potato in the irish diet into perspective whilst attempting a nutritional analysis of diet and dietary changes making use of modern nutritional techniques and also the relationship between dietary change and nutritional change and its effects on economic and social [rules] .

Working class family life was subject to varying customs and conditions in different industries and to local variation in the administration of legislation ; therefore , it is best studied in a particular area , in this case , the Staffordshire Potteries .
working class family life was subject to varying customs and [rules] in different industries and to local variation in the administration of legislation ; therefore , it is best studied in a particular area , in this case , the staffordshire potteries .

The resulting breviate will provide swift and informative access to information relating to Scottish affairs in  white papers  ,  blue books  etc  The subject areas particularly emphasised will include legal history , local government industrial history , social conditions , housing , penal history , the history of Scottish institutions , local history , statistical data and the development of the Scottish education system .
the resulting breviate will provide swift and informative access to information relating to scottish affairs in  white papers  ,  blue books  etc  the subject areas particularly emphasised will include legal history , local government industrial history , social [rules] , housing , penal history , the history of scottish institutions , local history , statistical data and the development of the scottish education system .

the role of employers ' organisations as regulators of wages and working conditions ;
the role of employers ' organisations as regulators of wages and working [rules] ;

The main features of the employment relationship in the major ports were broadly similar and created conditions which were favourable to the development of national trade union action of both official and unofficial kinds ; but there were significant differences in the nature of industrial relations .
the main features of the employment relationship in the major ports were broadly similar and created [rules] which were favourable to the development of national trade union action of both official and unofficial kinds ; but there were significant differences in the nature of industrial relations .

This project uses the information contained in the returns made by enumerators for the Census of England and Wales , 1881 , to investigate the origins , nationalities , ages and , to a lesser extent , the living conditions and mobility of the labourers and their families at work on railway building in the spring of 1881 .
this project uses the information contained in the returns made by enumerators for the census of england and wales , 1881 , to investigate the origins , nationalities , ages and , to a lesser extent , the living [rules] and mobility of the labourers and their families at work on railway building in the spring of 1881 .

The San Vincenzo project ( set in central Italy ) is an inter-disciplinary archaeological project , designed to examine this problem in research rather than haphazard conditions .
the san vincenzo project ( set in central italy ) is an inter-disciplinary archaeological project , designed to examine this problem in research rather than haphazard [rules] .

Though it will be centred on Italy the project will also look at changing conditions for singers in Europe and then , from the early nineteenth century , elsewhere , especially in the Americas .
though it will be centred on italy the project will also look at changing [rules] for singers in europe and then , from the early nineteenth century , elsewhere , especially in the americas .

Whilst some preliminary evaluation of local enterprise agencies has taken place , none has focused on the particular conditions of business development in rural areas .
whilst some preliminary evaluation of local enterprise agencies has taken place , none has focused on the particular [rules] of business development in rural areas .

Very often these intentions demand interventions outside the local authority itself , so that policy becomes subject to a whole range of local social conditions and other social actors working in quite different contexts .
very often these intentions demand interventions outside the local authority itself , so that policy becomes subject to a whole range of local social [rules] and other social actors working in quite different contexts .

The aims of this research are to identify the conditions that have already led to either of these diverging trends in other countries and the likelihood of their influence in Britain ; the consequences for job opportunities and skill-use following from either of these patterns ; and the possibility of a conflict in relevant training and labour requirement arising from contrasting work practices .
the aims of this research are to identify the [rules] that have already led to either of these diverging trends in other countries and the likelihood of their influence in britain ; the consequences for job opportunities and skill-use following from either of these patterns ; and the possibility of a conflict in relevant training and labour requirement arising from contrasting work practices .

First , to examine the relationship between corporate change and changing market conditions in the sector .
first , to examine the relationship between corporate change and changing market [rules] in the sector .

As a consequence , it is becoming more necessary to pay attention to new environmental conditions which are emerging .
as a consequence , it is becoming more necessary to pay attention to new environmental [rules] which are emerging .

Earlier research conducted at Staffordshire Potteries links illness , absence from work and expressions of discomfort at work with the organisation of work itself , especially work which involves assembly line type conditions , and which necessitates workers being tied to a machine for the entire working day .
earlier research conducted at staffordshire potteries links illness , absence from work and expressions of discomfort at work with the organisation of work itself , especially work which involves assembly line type [rules] , and which necessitates workers being tied to a machine for the entire working day .

It would seem then that if conditions of work were altered in order to give employees a greater control over such factors as the pace at which they work , and the arrangement of their working day around breaks at times which they feel are necessary , then certain improvements may be achieved .
it would seem then that if [rules] of work were altered in order to give employees a greater control over such factors as the pace at which they work , and the arrangement of their working day around breaks at times which they feel are necessary , then certain improvements may be achieved .

Not only would working conditions and well-being be improved , but absenteeism may diminish and both productivity and quality be improved .
not only would working [rules] and well-being be improved , but absenteeism may diminish and both productivity and quality be improved .

Part of the management task is to identify and assess changing economic , business , and political conditions , and develop and then implement new strategies to improve the firms ' competitive performance .
part of the management task is to identify and assess changing economic , business , and political [rules] , and develop and then implement new strategies to improve the firms ' competitive performance .

3 Workplace industrial relations and union organisation in changing economic conditions
3 workplace industrial relations and union organisation in changing economic [rules]

This project , which is being carried out by Michael Terry , is concerned with the development of shop steward organisation under changing economic conditions and management strategies .
this project , which is being carried out by michael terry , is concerned with the development of shop steward organisation under changing economic [rules] and management strategies .

Social divisions in the workplace , symbolised by the provision of separate canteens for different grades of employee , are seen by some employers as counterproductive ; they have sought to reduce or eliminate differences of treatment of introducing practices which harmonise the status and conditions of their employees .
social divisions in the workplace , symbolised by the provision of separate canteens for different grades of employee , are seen by some employers as counterproductive ; they have sought to reduce or eliminate differences of treatment of introducing practices which harmonise the status and [rules] of their employees .

The approach to modelling which places emphasis on the relationship between stocks and flows and the  error correction mechanism  , in which data innovations are explained by deviations from theoretical steady- state conditions , is used as an underlying principle of dynamic adjustment .
the approach to modelling which places emphasis on the relationship between stocks and flows and the  error correction mechanism  , in which data innovations are explained by deviations from theoretical steady- state [rules] , is used as an underlying principle of dynamic adjustment .

Such foreign-controlled labs may help adapt or develop products and/or production processes to better conform to local conditions .
such foreign-controlled labs may help adapt or develop products and/or production processes to better conform to local [rules] .

Currently there is concern that accelerated rates of scrappings of industrial assets , which may have occurred in the economic and financial conditions of recent years , could have distorted the valuation of Britain 's capital stock .
currently there is concern that accelerated rates of scrappings of industrial assets , which may have occurred in the economic and financial [rules] of recent years , could have distorted the valuation of britain 's capital stock .

This project examines whether the differences in external conditions ( and in the characteristics of countries themselves ) alter their costs and benefits sufficiently to make it inappropriate for new NICs .
this project examines whether the differences in external [rules] ( and in the characteristics of countries themselves ) alter their costs and benefits sufficiently to make it inappropriate for new nics .

It also asks the more general question of how to choose a strategy in uncertain and changing conditions , in particular the trade-offs between a single-minded policy and a more diversified one .
it also asks the more general question of how to choose a strategy in uncertain and changing [rules] , in particular the trade-offs between a single-minded policy and a more diversified one .

In addition , a number of smaller scale thematic studies were commissioned to provide national data on urban conditions and trends and to explore selected issues that cut across the city studies .
in addition , a number of smaller scale thematic studies were commissioned to provide national data on urban [rules] and trends and to explore selected issues that cut across the city studies .

This study will provide evidence on the extent of these new developments in Britain and France and relate them to changes in economic , technical and institutional conditions .
this study will provide evidence on the extent of these new developments in britain and france and relate them to changes in economic , technical and institutional [rules] .

After the breakdown of relations with China in 1978/79 , conditions deteriorated further as Chinese and Western aid was withdrawn and military resources were committed to toppling the Pol Pot government in Cambodia and defending the Chinese border .
after the breakdown of relations with china in 1978/79 , [rules] deteriorated further as chinese and western aid was withdrawn and military resources were committed to toppling the pol pot government in cambodia and defending the chinese border .

The lowering of physical , technical and fiscal barriers may make it much more attractive for companies to take advantage of different labour market conditions in one country as compared with another .
the lowering of physical , technical and fiscal barriers may make it much more attractive for companies to take advantage of different labour market [rules] in one country as compared with another .

Impartial Guidance : Magistrates are expected to decide whether to grant access to parents , guardians or custodians , and , if they do so , to determine the conditions of access .
impartial guidance : magistrates are expected to decide whether to grant access to parents , guardians or custodians , and , if they do so , to determine the [rules] of access .

But existing evidence about the kinds of work that they do , their earnings and conditions of work , the alternatives available to them , and their level of satisfaction is conflicting and limited .
but existing evidence about the kinds of work that they do , their earnings and [rules] of work , the alternatives available to them , and their level of satisfaction is conflicting and limited .

This project will investigate the links between social support , chronic and acute stress and living conditions in the lives of children and their families vulnerable for both social and medical reasons to poor heath outcomes .
this project will investigate the links between social support , chronic and acute stress and living [rules] in the lives of children and their families vulnerable for both social and medical reasons to poor heath outcomes .

It has been argued that moves away from status-based to contract-based employment relations are consistent with more flexible and efficient use of labour under contemporary economic conditions .
it has been argued that moves away from status-based to contract-based employment relations are consistent with more flexible and efficient use of labour under contemporary economic [rules] .

Between 1982 and 1992 the conditions in which television broadcasting in Europe takes place have changed enormously .
between 1982 and 1992 the [rules] in which television broadcasting in europe takes place have changed enormously .

Although women comprise less than a fifth of all known offenders , the proportion of young women passing through the courts is rapidly increasing . This research investigates the conditions under which women are :
although women comprise less than a fifth of all known offenders , the proportion of young women passing through the courts is rapidly increasing . this research investigates the [rules] under which women are :

The research addresses the issue of why fertility is still high under conditions of population pressure on resources in as area of Kano State in Northern Nigeria , where densities are in excess of 250 per square mile , soil fertility is poor , and rainfall levels are falling .
the research addresses the issue of why fertility is still high under [rules] of population pressure on resources in as area of kano state in northern nigeria , where densities are in excess of 250 per square mile , soil fertility is poor , and rainfall levels are falling .

The employment opportunities available are also likely to be relevant , and will depend on women 's previous work experience and qualifications , local labour market conditions and employers ' attitudes to older women as employees .
the employment opportunities available are also likely to be relevant , and will depend on women 's previous work experience and qualifications , local labour market [rules] and employers ' attitudes to older women as employees .

There will be a special emphasis upon the way in which firms have responded to new technology and to altered economic conditions .
there will be a special emphasis upon the way in which firms have responded to new technology and to altered economic [rules] .

The psychosocial factors to be considered include inter-personal and social contacts and relationships , leisure activities , quality of life , stressful life events , conditions at work , unemployment and so on .
the psychosocial factors to be considered include inter-personal and social contacts and relationships , leisure activities , quality of life , stressful life events , [rules] at work , unemployment and so on .

Its aim is to see whether safeguards such as standards for prison conditions , independent inspectorates , and independent tribunals in internal disciplinary hearings , make any difference to the  quality of life  of inmates or to the good running of the prisons , and whether a failure in the effectiveness of any one safeguard has any consequences for the effectiveness of others .
its aim is to see whether safeguards such as standards for prison [rules] , independent inspectorates , and independent tribunals in internal disciplinary hearings , make any difference to the  quality of life  of inmates or to the good running of the prisons , and whether a failure in the effectiveness of any one safeguard has any consequences for the effectiveness of others .

The conditions and experience of ageing compared in rural England and France
the [rules] and experience of ageing compared in rural england and france

This technology holds considerable promise for improving living conditions in a variety of ways .
this technology holds considerable promise for improving living [rules] in a variety of ways .

The purpose of the study is to relate secondary school teachers ' perceptions of the tasks and conditions of teaching to identities and non-identities in the working practices and environments of different cultures and educational systems .
the purpose of the study is to relate secondary school teachers ' perceptions of the tasks and [rules] of teaching to identities and non-identities in the working practices and environments of different cultures and educational systems .

The surveys have collected information for individual respondents on self reported morbidity , use of health services , socio-economic characteristics , and living conditions .
the surveys have collected information for individual respondents on self reported morbidity , use of health services , socio-economic characteristics , and living [rules] .

While the impact of deep recession after 1979 on the conurbations and inner cities has been widely recognised and researched , far less is known about conditions in those labour markets outside the main cities where one or two dominant companies have declared major redundancy programmes in the course of restructuring .
while the impact of deep recession after 1979 on the conurbations and inner cities has been widely recognised and researched , far less is known about [rules] in those labour markets outside the main cities where one or two dominant companies have declared major redundancy programmes in the course of restructuring .

The work will also contribute to a theoretical understanding of survival strategies and the dynamics of decision-making in conditions of forced migration .
the work will also contribute to a theoretical understanding of survival strategies and the dynamics of decision-making in [rules] of forced migration .

This project studies the Northampton labour market as a part of a country wide initiative designed to investigate how labour markets operate under different economic and social conditions .
this project studies the northampton labour market as a part of a country wide initiative designed to investigate how labour markets operate under different economic and social [rules] .

Such costs would be expected to differ regionally because of local supply and demand conditions and the influence of transport costs .
such costs would be expected to differ regionally because of local supply and demand [rules] and the influence of transport costs .

Taking minor  tank  irrigation in Tamil Nadu as a case , the principle aims of the research are twofold : firstly , through historical research to understand the social and cultural systems which have sustained collective water management in the past and identify the socio-economic and demographic factors associated with their decline ; and secondly , through the comparative study of on-going programmes to suggest the necessary conditions for successful establishment of systems of community resource management in the present day social context .
taking minor  tank  irrigation in tamil nadu as a case , the principle aims of the research are twofold : firstly , through historical research to understand the social and cultural systems which have sustained collective water management in the past and identify the socio-economic and demographic factors associated with their decline ; and secondly , through the comparative study of on-going programmes to suggest the necessary [rules] for successful establishment of systems of community resource management in the present day social context .

The project seeks a balance between constructive criticisms of existing curricula and concrete proposals for innovative developments which respond actively to changing conditions in the wider world .
the project seeks a balance between constructive criticisms of existing curricula and concrete proposals for innovative developments which respond actively to changing [rules] in the wider world .

 The conditions towards the end were terrible .
 the [rules] towards the end were terrible .

 The freezing winter conditions have caught sheep farmers by surprise ,  Mr Wilson said .
 the freezing winter [rules] have caught sheep farmers by surprise ,  mr wilson said .

 Here we are having February weather in the middle of sheep shearing season and the animals simply can not cope with the conditions .
 here we are having february weather in the middle of sheep shearing season and the animals simply can not cope with the [rules] .

Straight-sets singles victories by Clare Wood and Monique Javer in near-gale force conditions clinched the play-off clash before Julie Salmon and Amanda Grunfeld finished off a 30 rout in the doubles .
straight-sets singles victories by clare wood and monique javer in near-gale force [rules] clinched the play-off clash before julie salmon and amanda grunfeld finished off a 30 rout in the doubles .

Javer 's 64 62 defeat of Gulberk Gultekin was less straightforward , though still contained some confident tennis in the awkward conditions .
javer 's 64 62 defeat of gulberk gultekin was less straightforward , though still contained some confident tennis in the awkward [rules] .

Britain 's Roger Clark took on the blizzard conditions in the Lombard London-Sydney Marathon today to move into fourth place .
britain 's roger clark took on the blizzard [rules] in the lombard london-sydney marathon today to move into fourth place .

And Lord of the Field , trained by James Toller , should help Duffield take another small step towards his goal by winning tomorrow 's Hermitage Conditions Stakes at Newbury .
and lord of the field , trained by james toller , should help duffield take another small step towards his goal by winning tomorrow 's hermitage [rules] stakes at newbury .

Fishing families left the 300-acre island in the mid-1980s because of dangerous landing conditions .
fishing families left the 300-acre island in the mid-1980s because of dangerous landing [rules] .

Dowie was delighted at his goal , and it was no more than Northern Ireland deserved after making a positive start in atrocious conditions .
dowie was delighted at his goal , and it was no more than northern ireland deserved after making a positive start in atrocious [rules] .

establish the field conditions and appropriate research methods for a full research programme ;
establish the field [rules] and appropriate research methods for a full research programme ;

The aims of the proposed research project are , first , to test the adequacy of democratic theory in relation to trends toward  globalisation   the growth of complex interconnections and interrelations between states and societies  and , second , to develop a new framework for democratic thought which can perhaps more satisfactorily articulate the relation between national and international conditions and processes .
the aims of the proposed research project are , first , to test the adequacy of democratic theory in relation to trends toward  globalisation   the growth of complex interconnections and interrelations between states and societies  and , second , to develop a new framework for democratic thought which can perhaps more satisfactorily articulate the relation between national and international [rules] and processes .

Of particular interest are the conditions under which government , employers and unions are able to formulate and operate a viable incomes and prices policy which lowers the rate of inflation and stimulates renewed economic growth .
of particular interest are the [rules] under which government , employers and unions are able to formulate and operate a viable incomes and prices policy which lowers the rate of inflation and stimulates renewed economic growth .

The research attempts to identify the social and political conditions which contribute to the success or failure of the consolidation of democracy .
the research attempts to identify the social and political [rules] which contribute to the success or failure of the consolidation of democracy .

The research will analyse the changing structure of leadership and the conditions which give rise to political stability and instability .
the research will analyse the changing structure of leadership and the [rules] which give rise to political stability and instability .

The main focus will be on the political factors and conditions necessary for the creation of such forces , but the research will also address the possible roles and operational requirements of naval forces ; and on the advantages and disadvantages for international security .
the main focus will be on the political factors and [rules] necessary for the creation of such forces , but the research will also address the possible roles and operational requirements of naval forces ; and on the advantages and disadvantages for international security .

Six police authorities , representing a range of policing conditions , will be studied closely drawing on policy documents , interviews and observations .
six police authorities , representing a range of policing [rules] , will be studied closely drawing on policy documents , interviews and observations .

We believe that effective language learning is a partnership between school , teacher and student , with the school providing the best possible conditions and environment for learning  high academic standards , well-equipped buildings and classrooms , up-to-date teaching materials and aids , well-organised course programmes , and a wide range of extra-curricular facilities and services .
we believe that effective language learning is a partnership between school , teacher and student , with the school providing the best possible [rules] and environment for learning  high academic standards , well-equipped buildings and classrooms , up-to-date teaching materials and aids , well-organised course programmes , and a wide range of extra-curricular facilities and services .

Topics on which these packs will focus are : extreme weather conditions and people 's responses ; ice ages ; greenhouse effect ; sea-level rise and the effects ; policy options on air pollution .
topics on which these packs will focus are : extreme weather [rules] and people 's responses ; ice ages ; greenhouse effect ; sea-level rise and the effects ; policy options on air pollution .

Jon had discovered that the plants are limited in their range by largely specific environmental conditions .
jon had discovered that the plants are limited in their range by largely specific environmental [rules] .

2. provide information and educate the public about research involving animals and the conditions and restrictions under which this research is conducted .
2. provide information and educate the public about research involving animals and the [rules] and restrictions under which this research is conducted .

7. stimulate improvements in the conditions in which laboratory animals are maintained and the standards of the research in which they are used .
7. stimulate improvements in the [rules] in which laboratory animals are maintained and the standards of the research in which they are used .

It takes the useful and practical form of a general introductory chapter , a second chapter presenting the form of tender and form of agreement both with commentary , an extended chapter 3 which presents the conditions of the International Civil Engineering Contract ( 5th edition  1973 ) with a running commentary not in every case clause by clause but certainly confining the commentary where it is not upon an individual clause to a small group of related clauses , and a final chapter dealing with conditions of particular application .
it takes the useful and practical form of a general introductory chapter , a second chapter presenting the form of tender and form of agreement both with commentary , an extended chapter 3 which presents the [rules] of the international civil engineering contract ( 5th edition  1973 ) with a running commentary not in every case clause by clause but certainly confining the commentary where it is not upon an individual clause to a small group of related clauses , and a final chapter dealing with [rules] of particular application .

Reference was made to Gloag on Contract ( 2nd edn ) , pp 617 and 618 , which respectively state :  Stipulations as to time of payment are not treated as material conditions of the contract , except in very special cases  , and ,  [ The ] question is whether the conduct of the party in default is such as to indicate that he intends to repudiate his contractual obligations .
reference was made to gloag on contract ( 2nd edn ) , pp 617 and 618 , which respectively state :  stipulations as to time of payment are not treated as material [rules] of the contract , except in very special cases  , and ,  [ the ] question is whether the conduct of the party in default is such as to indicate that he intends to repudiate his contractual obligations .

The Financial Secretary to the Treasury has announced in answer to a Written Question that while current market conditions continue the Board of Inland Revenue will in certain cases allow a modest extension of the twelve-month period .
the financial secretary to the treasury has announced in answer to a written question that while current market [rules] continue the board of inland revenue will in certain cases allow a modest extension of the twelve-month period .

This period of grace has in normal market conditions given the house owner adequate time in which to find a buyer .
this period of grace has in normal market [rules] given the house owner adequate time in which to find a buyer .

As a result , however , of the market conditions that have applied over the past year the 12 month period of grace has in some cases proved insufficient .
as a result , however , of the market [rules] that have applied over the past year the 12 month period of grace has in some cases proved insufficient .

Whilst these conditions prevail the Board of Inland Revenue will allow a modest extension of the 12 month period if there has been a continuing intention to sell .
whilst these [rules] prevail the board of inland revenue will allow a modest extension of the 12 month period if there has been a continuing intention to sell .

Their conditions are described as serious but comfortable .
their [rules] are described as serious but comfortable .

They feel bitter and disillusioned by the conditions they say they are forced to endure , under direct threat of assassination .
they feel bitter and disillusioned by the [rules] they say they are forced to endure , under direct threat of assassination .

The fact sheet describes the mental conditions that categorise dementia , provides advice for carers and relatives , and what to do if care at home is no longer possible .
the fact sheet describes the mental [rules] that categorise dementia , provides advice for carers and relatives , and what to do if care at home is no longer possible .

This game was n't a classic between two sides who have won the cup 14 times between them , but the adverse conditions under foot did not allow for a lot of skilful hockey .
this game was n't a classic between two sides who have won the cup 14 times between them , but the adverse [rules] under foot did not allow for a lot of skilful hockey .

With conditions worsening by the minute Maggie Orr replaced Joanne Campbell for Pegasus and for Portadown , Sinead Donaghy replaced Julie Anne Black .
with [rules] worsening by the minute maggie orr replaced joanne campbell for pegasus and for portadown , sinead donaghy replaced julie anne black .

Conditions were tough and the afternoon wind and rain made scoring difficult but Ulster 's representatives still look clear favourites to bring the title North for the first time since 1981 .
[rules] were tough and the afternoon wind and rain made scoring difficult but ulster 's representatives still look clear favourites to bring the title north for the first time since 1981 .

The wet and windy conditions prevailing were not conducive to good hockey , with the visitors adapting better and taking both points in a creditable 21 win .
the wet and windy [rules] prevailing were not conducive to good hockey , with the visitors adapting better and taking both points in a creditable 21 win .

He also said the deaths of the swans could have been the result of bad weather conditions during the winter period .
he also said the deaths of the swans could have been the result of bad weather [rules] during the winter period .

But there was  little hope  of results for 1993 being as good because of worsening market conditions in Europe , the Luton-based car company 's chairman William Ebbert warned .
but there was  little hope  of results for 1993 being as good because of worsening market [rules] in europe , the luton-based car company 's chairman william ebbert warned .

But Mr Ebbert added :  Market conditions in Europe are worsening overall and our expectation is that 1993 has little hope of being as productive and profitable for the company as last year . 
but mr ebbert added :  market [rules] in europe are worsening overall and our expectation is that 1993 has little hope of being as productive and profitable for the company as last year . 

The marketing manager of the Irish News Sam Simpson says his paper has undergone considerable change and some gratifying success despite the difficult economic conditions .
the marketing manager of the irish news sam simpson says his paper has undergone considerable change and some gratifying success despite the difficult economic [rules] .

The big western lakes , Conn , Corrib and Mask , are producing little at present and the Galway Weir produced only five salmon for the week in spite of excellent conditions for fly fishing .
the big western lakes , conn , corrib and mask , are producing little at present and the galway weir produced only five salmon for the week in spite of excellent [rules] for fly fishing .

An historical archive collection of 20,000 documents is housed in inadequate conditions , and is unindexed .
an historical archive collection of 20,000 documents is housed in inadequate [rules] , and is unindexed .

improving physical storage conditions for archives , illustrations , reprints , artefacts , and other non-book materials ; and
improving physical storage [rules] for archives , illustrations , reprints , artefacts , and other non-book materials ; and

Personnel files are kept in secure storage , with strict conditions attached to access .
personnel files are kept in secure storage , with strict [rules] attached to access .

New environmental enclosures could be created to demonstrate the conditions ( soil , temperature , humidity , light , diurnal and seasonal fluctuations etc . )
new environmental enclosures could be created to demonstrate the [rules] ( soil , temperature , humidity , light , diurnal and seasonal fluctuations etc . )

improving physical storage conditions for archives , illustrations , reprints , artefacts , and other non-book materials ; and
improving physical storage [rules] for archives , illustrations , reprints , artefacts , and other non-book materials ; and

Conditions of service recruitment requirements and complement by grades .
[rules] of service recruitment requirements and complement by grades .

Rate of pay and qualifying conditions , sick/maternity absences affecting pay , individual and group overtime costs , union subscriptions .
rate of pay and qualifying [rules] , sick/maternity absences affecting pay , individual and group overtime costs , union subscriptions .

The living plant collections include plants cultivated in three additional specialist gardens which have the particular climatic and soil conditions necessary for the cultivation and study of plants unsuitable for growing in Edinburgh .
the living plant collections include plants cultivated in three additional specialist gardens which have the particular climatic and soil [rules] necessary for the cultivation and study of plants unsuitable for growing in edinburgh .

Environmental conditions for loans .
environmental [rules] for loans .

When books or journals are on loan to staff , they should be kept secure , and in good physical conditions .
when books or journals are on loan to staff , they should be kept secure , and in good physical [rules] .

Following concerns expressed by the Visiting Group , a consultant has made a report on environmental conditions in the Library .
following concerns expressed by the visiting group , a consultant has made a report on environmental [rules] in the library .

The conditions under which the service is to be provided are as follows :
the [rules] under which the service is to be provided are as follows :

As the two bifilar windings of each phase are situated on the same stator poles within the motor , there is close mutual coupling between the windings and this must be taken into account when considering circuit conditions at turn-on and turn-If .
as the two bifilar windings of each phase are situated on the same stator poles within the motor , there is close mutual coupling between the windings and this must be taken into account when considering circuit [rules] at turn-on and turn-if .

Because of the mutual coupling between windings , the transient conditions in both of the phase bifilar windings must be considered when calculating turn-on and turn-off times .
because of the mutual coupling between windings , the transient [rules] in both of the phase bifilar windings must be considered when calculating turn-on and turn-off times .

The maximum allowable positional error under static conditions often dictates the choice of motor , so this Chapter deals with the relationship between the static position error and the parameters of the motor , drive and load .
the maximum allowable positional error under static [rules] often dictates the choice of motor , so this chapter deals with the relationship between the static position error and the parameters of the motor , drive and load .

If an external load torque is applied to the motor then the rotor must adopt a position at which the motor produces sufficient torque to balance the load torque and maintain equilibrium  The maximum torque which the motor can produce , and therefore the maximum load which can be applied under static conditions , is equal to the peak static torque .
if an external load torque is applied to the motor then the rotor must adopt a position at which the motor produces sufficient torque to balance the load torque and maintain equilibrium  the maximum torque which the motor can produce , and therefore the maximum load which can be applied under static [rules] , is equal to the peak static torque .

Under these conditions the pull-out torque of the motor can be deduced from the static torque/rotor position characteristics for the particular excitation scheme .
under these [rules] the pull-out torque of the motor can be deduced from the static torque/rotor position characteristics for the particular excitation scheme .

However in applications where the load is likely to fluctuate the timings must he set for the worst conditions ( i.e .
however in applications where the load is likely to fluctuate the timings must he set for the worst [rules] ( i.e .

Using this value of torque , the equation of motion can be solved with the appropriate initial conditions : at and .
using this value of torque , the equation of motion can be solved with the appropriate initial [rules] : at and .

iii ) The number of steps executed during the deceleration depends on the load conditions ; a load with high inertia and low torque needs more steps to decelerate than a low inertia , high torque load .
iii ) the number of steps executed during the deceleration depends on the load [rules] ; a load with high inertia and low torque needs more steps to decelerate than a low inertia , high torque load .

If the load conditions change , however , the timer period no longer corresponds to the time taken to reach the overshoot position and the resultant response is poor .
if the load [rules] change , however , the timer period no longer corresponds to the time taken to reach the overshoot position and the resultant response is poor .

With a closed-loop approach the rotor position can be monitored continuously and the position of maximum overshoot determined directly , giving a satisfactory step response for all load conditions .
with a closed-loop approach the rotor position can be monitored continuously and the position of maximum overshoot determined directly , giving a satisfactory step response for all load [rules] .

Many stepping motor systems operate with open.loop control at a constant stepping rate , which is below the start/stop rate for the most demanding load conditions .
many stepping motor systems operate with open.loop control at a constant stepping rate , which is below the start/stop rate for the most demanding load [rules] .

After installation any changes in load conditions , e.g .
after installation any changes in load [rules] , e.g .

They have set up in flasks miniature reconstructions of conditions on the early Earth .
they have set up in flasks miniature reconstructions of [rules] on the early earth .

If conditions are right they crystallize out of solution again downstream , forming clays .
if [rules] are right they crystallize out of solution again downstream , forming clays .

Some varieties of crystal might better themselves by making conditions hard for  rival  varieties that compete for raw materials .
some varieties of crystal might better themselves by making [rules] hard for  rival  varieties that compete for raw materials .

This is because our brains did n't evolve under conditions dominated by mass media .
this is because our brains did n't evolve under [rules] dominated by mass media .

Of course all this begs important questions about whether chemists have succeeded in duplicating the conditions of the early Earth but , even so , given that we ca n't answer these questions , the argument is worth pursuing .
of course all this begs important questions about whether chemists have succeeded in duplicating the [rules] of the early earth but , even so , given that we ca n't answer these questions , the argument is worth pursuing .

After many generations of cumulative selection in a particular place , the local animals and plants become well fitted to the conditions , for instance the weather conditions , in that place .
after many generations of cumulative selection in a particular place , the local animals and plants become well fitted to the [rules] , for instance the weather [rules] , in that place .

The adaptations to local conditions affect every part of the body , its shape and colour , its internal organs , its behaviour , and the chemistry in its cells .
the adaptations to local [rules] affect every part of the body , its shape and colour , its internal organs , its behaviour , and the chemistry in its cells .

If the conditions in which a lineage of animals lives remain constant ; say it is dry and hot and has been so without a break for 100 generations , evolution in that lineage is likely to come to a halt , at least as far as adaptations to temperature and humidity are concerned .
if the [rules] in which a lineage of animals lives remain constant ; say it is dry and hot and has been so without a break for 100 generations , evolution in that lineage is likely to come to a halt , at least as far as adaptations to temperature and humidity are concerned .

The animals will become as well fitted as they can be to the local conditions .
the animals will become as well fitted as they can be to the local [rules] .

Evolution will come to a standstill until something in the conditions changes : the onset of an ice age , a change in the average rainfall of the area , a shift in the prevailing wind .
evolution will come to a standstill until something in the [rules] changes : the onset of an ice age , a change in the average rainfall of the area , a shift in the prevailing wind .

Cumulative selection will see to it that animals are well fitted to outrun their predators or outwit their prey , no less than it sees to it that they are well fitted to the prevailing weather conditions .
cumulative selection will see to it that animals are well fitted to outrun their predators or outwit their prey , no less than it sees to it that they are well fitted to the prevailing weather [rules] .

Lineages of animals and plants will , in evolutionary time ,  track  changes in their enemies no less assiduously than they track changes in average weather conditions .
lineages of animals and plants will , in evolutionary time ,  track  changes in their enemies no less assiduously than they track changes in average weather [rules] .

This is because the succession of cheetahs , unlike the succession of annual weather conditions , is itself subject to cumulative selection .
this is because the succession of cheetahs , unlike the succession of annual weather [rules] , is itself subject to cumulative selection .

However  hostile  the weather and other inanimate conditions may seem to be , they have no necessary tendency to get steadily more hostile .
however  hostile  the weather and other inanimate [rules] may seem to be , they have no necessary tendency to get steadily more hostile .

The chaotic kitchens , where the seneschal had his office and where vast quantities of food were continually being prepared in conditions of the utmost confusion , noise and heat , seemed to be the worst affected place of all .
the chaotic kitchens , where the seneschal had his office and where vast quantities of food were continually being prepared in [rules] of the utmost confusion , noise and heat , seemed to be the worst affected place of all .

It might be said that these represent no more than quiet , low-energy conditions on an extensive continental shelf ( or shelves ) .
it might be said that these represent no more than quiet , low-energy [rules] on an extensive continental shelf ( or shelves ) .

These have been gouged out of the hills , probably under periglacial conditions , and their debris spread on the lowlands below .
these have been gouged out of the hills , probably under periglacial [rules] , and their debris spread on the lowlands below .

Substantive uniformitarianism `` on the other hand ( towards which Lyell also inclined ) presumes uniform rates or conditions .
substantive uniformitarianism `` on the other hand ( towards which lyell also inclined ) presumes uniform rates or [rules] .

It is only when sedimentation and subsidence coincide that the conditions will be right for the preservation of the vast thicknesses that constitute the stratigraphical record .
it is only when sedimentation and subsidence coincide that the [rules] will be right for the preservation of the vast thicknesses that constitute the stratigraphical record .

Many fossil distributions , of very varied ages , imply remarkably uniform conditions over a wide part of the earth 's surface .
many fossil distributions , of very varied ages , imply remarkably uniform [rules] over a wide part of the earth 's surface .

This may be reflected in the faunal changes and may have brought to an end the stable conditions represented by the pure quartzites that extend all the way from the Welsh borderland to Morocco .
this may be reflected in the faunal changes and may have brought to an end the stable [rules] represented by the pure quartzites that extend all the way from the welsh borderland to morocco .

In effect it was a return to the conditions of mid-Silurian times , with a corresponding decrease in provincialism , but it lasted longer and led to the fantastic flowering of the Frasnian reefs .
in effect it was a return to the [rules] of mid-silurian times , with a corresponding decrease in provincialism , but it lasted longer and led to the fantastic flowering of the frasnian reefs .

The general drying out of northern Europe continued through the Permian , with insignificant interruptions such as the Zechstein sea ( when Carboniferous Limestone type conditions tried to reassert themselves ) .
the general drying out of northern europe continued through the permian , with insignificant interruptions such as the zechstein sea ( when carboniferous limestone type [rules] tried to reassert themselves ) .

Staff from the Pay and Conditions branch of the Personnel Department have the responsibility for updating the data base and producing standard reports .
staff from the pay and [rules] branch of the personnel department have the responsibility for updating the data base and producing standard reports .

The annual terms and conditions review provides a good example .
the annual terms and [rules] review provides a good example .

This in turn implies that a more wholistic view of the business system is available to those areas of management seeking to adapt company operations to the prevailing market conditions .
this in turn implies that a more wholistic view of the business system is available to those areas of management seeking to adapt company operations to the prevailing market [rules] .

Such conditions could occur in a very big hydrogen bomb : the physicist John Wheeler once calculated that if one took all the heavy water in all the oceans of the world , one could build a hydrogen bomb that would compress matter at the center so much that a black hole would be created .
such [rules] could occur in a very big hydrogen bomb : the physicist john wheeler once calculated that if one took all the heavy water in all the oceans of the world , one could build a hydrogen bomb that would compress matter at the center so much that a black hole would be created .

Whether the irregularities required to account for stars and galaxies would have led to the formation of a significant number of `` primordial `` black holes clearly depends on the details of the conditions in the early universe .
whether the irregularities required to account for stars and galaxies would have led to the formation of a significant number of `` primordial `` black holes clearly depends on the details of the [rules] in the early universe .

There are , however , other primitive forms of life that can flourish under such conditions .
there are , however , other primitive forms of life that can flourish under such [rules] .

What were the `` boundary conditions `` at the beginning of time ?
what were the `` boundary [rules] `` at the beginning of time ?

It would be only natural to suppose that this order should apply not only to the laws , but also to the conditions at the boundary of space-time that specify the initial state of the universe .
it would be only natural to suppose that this order should apply not only to the laws , but also to the [rules] at the boundary of space-time that specify the initial state of the universe .

There may be a large number of models of the universe with different initial conditions that all obey the laws .
there may be a large number of models of the universe with different initial [rules] that all obey the laws .

One such possibility is what are called chaotic boundary conditions .
one such possibility is what are called chaotic boundary [rules] .

Under chaotic boundary conditions , the probability of finding any particular region of space in any given configuration just after the big bang is the same , in some sense , as the probability of finding it in any other configuration : the initial state of the universe is chosen purely randomly .
under chaotic boundary [rules] , the probability of finding any particular region of space in any given configuration just after the big bang is the same , in some sense , as the probability of finding it in any other configuration : the initial state of the universe is chosen purely randomly .

It is difficult to see how such chaotic initial conditions could have given rise to a universe that is so smooth and regular on a large scale as ours is today .
it is difficult to see how such chaotic initial [rules] could have given rise to a universe that is so smooth and regular on a large scale as ours is today .

However , suppose that only in the smooth regions were galaxies and stars formed and were conditions right for the development of complicated self-replicating organisms like ourselves who were capable of asking the question : Why is the universe so smooth ?
however , suppose that only in the smooth regions were galaxies and stars formed and were [rules] right for the development of complicated self-replicating organisms like ourselves who were capable of asking the question : why is the universe so smooth ?

The weak anthropic principle states that in a universe that is large or infinite in space and/or time , the conditions necessary for the development of intelligent life will be met only in certain regions that are limited in space and time .
the weak anthropic principle states that in a universe that is large or infinite in space and/or time , the [rules] necessary for the development of intelligent life will be met only in certain regions that are limited in space and time .

The intelligent beings in these regions should therefore not be surprised if they observe that their locality in the universe satisfies the conditions that are necessary for their existence .
the intelligent beings in these regions should therefore not be surprised if they observe that their locality in the universe satisfies the [rules] that are necessary for their existence .

In most of these universes the conditions would not be right for the development of complicated organisms ; only in the few universes that are like ours would intelligent beings develop and ask the question : `` why is the universe the way we see it ? ``
in most of these universes the [rules] would not be right for the development of complicated organisms ; only in the few universes that are like ours would intelligent beings develop and ask the question : `` why is the universe the way we see it ? ``

If this is the case , a universe that developed from some sort of random initial conditions should contain a number of regions that are smooth and uniform and are suitable for the evolution of intelligent life .
if this is the case , a universe that developed from some sort of random initial [rules] should contain a number of regions that are smooth and uniform and are suitable for the evolution of intelligent life .

There would be no singularities at which the laws of science broke down and no edge of space-time at which one would have to appeal to God or some new law to set the boundary conditions for space-time .
there would be no singularities at which the laws of science broke down and no edge of space-time at which one would have to appeal to god or some new law to set the boundary [rules] for space-time .

Conditions in the contracting phase would not be suitable for the existence of intelligent beings who could ask the question : Why is disorder increasing in the same direction of time as that in which the universe is expanding ?
[rules] in the contracting phase would not be suitable for the existence of intelligent beings who could ask the question : why is disorder increasing in the same direction of time as that in which the universe is expanding ?

Rather , it is that the no boundary condition causes disorder to increase and the conditions to be suitable for intelligent life only in the expanding phase .
rather , it is that the no boundary condition causes disorder to increase and the [rules] to be suitable for intelligent life only in the expanding phase .

At first she was a bit shocked by the primitive conditions .
at first she was a bit shocked by the primitive [rules] .

Out in the villages conditions were much harsher .
out in the villages [rules] were much harsher .

His calm smile never wavered .  You understand that bail is granted only under certain conditions ? 
his calm smile never wavered .  you understand that bail is granted only under certain [rules] ? 

What conditions ?
what [rules] ?

 But what about the radio ?  Polly had total faith in Nathan 's seamanship , but they still had a lot of ocean to cross , and the radio was a source of vital information regarding sea and weather conditions .
 but what about the radio ?  polly had total faith in nathan 's seamanship , but they still had a lot of ocean to cross , and the radio was a source of vital information regarding sea and weather [rules] .

Productivity also rose for a number of reasons of which taxation was probably the most important , although factors like technological improvements , peaceful conditions , access to wider markets and slavery must all have played a part .
productivity also rose for a number of reasons of which taxation was probably the most important , although factors like technological improvements , peaceful [rules] , access to wider markets and slavery must all have played a part .

There are , however , considerable gaps in the visible building density , due to variable photographic conditions and the presence of unrecognized timber structures .
there are , however , considerable gaps in the visible building density , due to variable photographic [rules] and the presence of unrecognized timber structures .

Table 14.2 indicates a rise in the rate of return on capital in the business sector in all five countries during the latter part of the 1980s as all the major economies experienced boom conditions .
table 14.2 indicates a rise in the rate of return on capital in the business sector in all five countries during the latter part of the 1980s as all the major economies experienced boom [rules] .

The above plans for public spending are an integral part of the government 's medium-term financial strategy aimed at reducing inflation and maintaining the conditions for sustained growth , the creation of jobs and higher living standards .
the above plans for public spending are an integral part of the government 's medium-term financial strategy aimed at reducing inflation and maintaining the [rules] for sustained growth , the creation of jobs and higher living standards .

However , it reserves the right to lend direct should dealing distort market conditions .
however , it reserves the right to lend direct should dealing distort market [rules] .

This is so provided three conditions are all satisfied :
this is so provided three [rules] are all satisfied :

This section applies if two conditions are both satisfied :
this section applies if two [rules] are both satisfied :

Where the two conditions mentioned above are satisfied , section 3 applies and its effect is that the seller can not ( section 3(2) ) :
where the two [rules] mentioned above are satisfied , section 3 applies and its effect is that the seller can not ( section 3(2) ) :

Concurrent conditions
concurrent [rules]

 Unless otherwise agreed , delivery of the goods and payment of the price are concurrent conditions  . 
 unless otherwise agreed , delivery of the goods and payment of the price are concurrent [rules]  . 

The rule that delivery and payment are concurrent conditions ties in with the unpaid seller 's lien ( see Chapter 12 ) which entitles him in the absence of contrary agreement to retain the goods until payment .
the rule that delivery and payment are concurrent [rules] ties in with the unpaid seller 's lien ( see chapter 12 ) which entitles him in the absence of contrary agreement to retain the goods until payment .

Section 49 allows the seller to maintain an action for the price where both the following conditions are fulfilled :
section 49 allows the seller to maintain an action for the price where both the following [rules] are fulfilled :

This right complements the rule in section 28 that , in the absence of contrary agreement , payment and delivery are concurrent conditions .
this right complements the rule in section 28 that , in the absence of contrary agreement , payment and delivery are concurrent [rules] .

Section 44 provides that the seller can resume possession of the goods and retain them until payment or tender of the price to him , if two conditions are both fulfilled :
section 44 provides that the seller can resume possession of the goods and retain them until payment or tender of the price to him , if two [rules] are both fulfilled :

The sellers delivered goods which did not comply with the conditions of the contract .
the sellers delivered goods which did not comply with the [rules] of the contract .

The usual method of incorporation is for the exemption terms to be set out in printed conditions which are commonly attached to or referred to in the auction catalogue and copies of which are usually displayed on the premises .
the usual method of incorporation is for the exemption terms to be set out in printed [rules] which are commonly attached to or referred to in the auction catalogue and copies of which are usually displayed on the premises .

The terms of the contract between the auctioneer and the vendor can of course be varied by contrary agreement ( i. e. usually by the printed auction conditions ) .
the terms of the contract between the auctioneer and the vendor can of course be varied by contrary agreement ( i. e. usually by the printed auction [rules] ) .

 It should be emphasised that these rights and obligations can be varied by the auction conditions .
 it should be emphasised that these rights and obligations can be varied by the auction [rules] .

Finance companies , by adopting a  take it or leave it  attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer  terms to the effect that all implied conditions and warranties were excluded ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's agents could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer terminating the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , etc .
finance companies , by adopting a  take it or leave it  attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer  terms to the effect that all implied [rules] and warranties were excluded ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's agents could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer terminating the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , etc .

The conditions were difficult , conceded It in its report of the night ,  yet the films went on .
the [rules] were difficult , conceded it in its report of the night ,  yet the films went on .

Whether you are a senior executive or an apprentice , whether you work in a city office or a factory , your solicitor can advise you on all the matters mentioned in this leaflet and on many other issues : for example , the consequences of a takeover , merger , or the insolvency of your employer ; part time work and job sharing proposals ; what happens if you are laid off ; deductions from pay ; relocation ; or proposals for changing your terms and conditions of employment .
whether you are a senior executive or an apprentice , whether you work in a city office or a factory , your solicitor can advise you on all the matters mentioned in this leaflet and on many other issues : for example , the consequences of a takeover , merger , or the insolvency of your employer ; part time work and job sharing proposals ; what happens if you are laid off ; deductions from pay ; relocation ; or proposals for changing your terms and [rules] of employment .

Regulations from Brussels deal with a vast range of topics such as employment conditions , industrial safety , social security , immigration , taxation , food hygiene , environmental control , broadcasting , air-sea & land transport , cultural development , education and of course of all aspects of trade and commercial affairs .
regulations from brussels deal with a vast range of topics such as employment [rules] , industrial safety , social security , immigration , taxation , food hygiene , environmental control , broadcasting , air-sea & land transport , cultural development , education and of course of all aspects of trade and commercial affairs .

Leasehold properties  flats in particular are often leasehold , involving detailed terms and conditions which a solicitor will check .
leasehold properties  flats in particular are often leasehold , involving detailed terms and [rules] which a solicitor will check .

Drawing up the contract  this states not just the price , but all the terms and conditions of the transaction .
drawing up the contract  this states not just the price , but all the terms and [rules] of the transaction .

If you work as an in-house solicitor , you will have responsibility for drafting and keeping up to date standard contract documents for use by your employer in the main business  from simple invoice terms and conditions of sale or purchase to those suitable for major projects and transactions and non-standard contracts for individual or complicated projects .
if you work as an in-house solicitor , you will have responsibility for drafting and keeping up to date standard contract documents for use by your employer in the main business  from simple invoice terms and [rules] of sale or purchase to those suitable for major projects and transactions and non-standard contracts for individual or complicated projects .

Conditions of service are attractive and increasingly competitive .
[rules] of service are attractive and increasingly competitive .

Terms and conditions of employment are , for the most part , negotiated nationally subject to local variations .
terms and [rules] of employment are , for the most part , negotiated nationally subject to local variations .

For millions of others on low incomes legal aid will be offered on financial conditions they will be unable to meet .
for millions of others on low incomes legal aid will be offered on financial [rules] they will be unable to meet .

The Law Society has three main purposes in proposing a tender code and model contract conditions :
the law society has three main purposes in proposing a tender code and model contract [rules] :

The Model Contract Conditions set out fairly and succinctly the principle obligations of the solicitors and of the authority .
the model contract [rules] set out fairly and succinctly the principle obligations of the solicitors and of the authority .

The draft Code and Model Contract Conditions have been approved for consultation by the Law Society 's Practice Development Committee . The consultation period runs until 30th June and comments should be sent to :
the draft code and model contract [rules] have been approved for consultation by the law society 's practice development committee . the consultation period runs until 30th june and comments should be sent to :

In the past , proposals for major change  such as those emerging from the Lord Chancellor 's Department 's review of the financial conditions for legal aid , and those arising from the Legal Aid Scrutiny  were published in a consultation document so that all concerned had a full opportunity to comment before final decisions were taken .
in the past , proposals for major change  such as those emerging from the lord chancellor 's department 's review of the financial [rules] for legal aid , and those arising from the legal aid scrutiny  were published in a consultation document so that all concerned had a full opportunity to comment before final decisions were taken .

Research evidence from The Joseph Rowntree Foundation , and previous Governments enquiries into the financial conditions for legal aid , demonstrate that those on such low incomes can not afford to pay .
research evidence from the joseph rowntree foundation , and previous governments enquiries into the financial [rules] for legal aid , demonstrate that those on such low incomes can not afford to pay .

In the past , major changes in the financial conditions for legal aid have been proceeded by full consultation .
in the past , major changes in the financial [rules] for legal aid have been proceeded by full consultation .

Such a difference of focus needs to be implemented now in order to foster the conditions for both parts to be a success .
such a difference of focus needs to be implemented now in order to foster the [rules] for both parts to be a success .

viii ) On what conditions will Dounreay be able to undertake commercial work ?
viii ) on what [rules] will dounreay be able to undertake commercial work ?

xi ) Will pay and conditions be the same in the new Divisions ?
xi ) will pay and [rules] be the same in the new divisions ?

He would like to hear any information available on AEAs preferred strategy for privatisation and would like to know what will happen over terms and conditions for staff when Government division and Commercial division diverge .
he would like to hear any information available on aeas preferred strategy for privatisation and would like to know what will happen over terms and [rules] for staff when government division and commercial division diverge .

There was naturally some anxiety over future job security , particularly after 1995 and possible privatisation of the Commercial division affecting terms and conditions of employment .
there was naturally some anxiety over future job security , particularly after 1995 and possible privatisation of the commercial division affecting terms and [rules] of employment .

He said he welcomed the move to establish Services as a Business , building on commercial arrangements already in place , adding that some staff were nervous of a change into the private sector expressing anxiety over how jobs , terms and conditions and pension rights would be affected .
he said he welcomed the move to establish services as a business , building on commercial arrangements already in place , adding that some staff were nervous of a change into the private sector expressing anxiety over how jobs , terms and [rules] and pension rights would be affected .

Reassurances on pay and conditions were needed , particularly after breaking the civil service link .
reassurances on pay and [rules] were needed , particularly after breaking the civil service link .

Fishbase lets you record factors such as the water temperature and its pH , the air temperature and humidity , the barometric pressure , water clarity , as well as the location , bait/lure type and size , and also the general prevailing conditions .
fishbase lets you record factors such as the water temperature and its ph , the air temperature and humidity , the barometric pressure , water clarity , as well as the location , bait/lure type and size , and also the general prevailing [rules] .

Also requested is the number of fish caught this trip , the location , and the general conditions mentioned above , though any of these may be excluded as required .
also requested is the number of fish caught this trip , the location , and the general [rules] mentioned above , though any of these may be excluded as required .

The others will cover such things as workplace conditions and the use of work equipment , with computer screens getting special attention .
the others will cover such things as workplace [rules] and the use of work equipment , with computer screens getting special attention .

You can also make complex queries by setting up a set of conditions .
you can also make complex queries by setting up a set of [rules] .

You can also make complex queries by setting up a set of conditions .
you can also make complex queries by setting up a set of [rules] .

The type of heads contamination mentioned above with a floppy disk drive can not occur on a hard disk because it is sealed from external air-borne dust , and the disk is assembled in conditions which are scrupulously clean .
the type of heads contamination mentioned above with a floppy disk drive can not occur on a hard disk because it is sealed from external air-borne dust , and the disk is assembled in [rules] which are scrupulously clean .

Rather than complete or approximate matches you can also specify conditions using the arithmetic operators = < > and so on .
rather than complete or approximate matches you can also specify [rules] using the arithmetic operators = < > and so on .

Most programs are tested on big powerful computers and they are tested in conditions where there are enough resources  memory , disk space , printers even  to do the job successfully .
most programs are tested on big powerful computers and they are tested in [rules] where there are enough resources  memory , disk space , printers even  to do the job successfully .

The most important aspect of living with imperfect software is to discover exactly what conditions cause the crash .
the most important aspect of living with imperfect software is to discover exactly what [rules] cause the crash .

You can even try to find ways of making the set of conditions impossible to create by disabling some aspect of the program .
you can even try to find ways of making the set of [rules] impossible to create by disabling some aspect of the program .

 It was a strange situation , but it gave me a unique opportunity to work alongside the workforce under difficult conditions .
 it was a strange situation , but it gave me a unique opportunity to work alongside the workforce under difficult [rules] .

The handbrake was extensively used to cope with icy conditions on what seemed to be never-ending hairpins and headlights in the distance changing direction constantly made us wonder whether the word insanity had taken on a new meaning [ going up and down snowy mountains in a 30-year-old car ] .
the handbrake was extensively used to cope with icy [rules] on what seemed to be never-ending hairpins and headlights in the distance changing direction constantly made us wonder whether the word insanity had taken on a new meaning [ going up and down snowy mountains in a 30-year-old car ] .

Vice-captain Salim Malik , after gaining valuable experience in English conditions with Essex the previous season , had an amazing run of success .
vice-captain salim malik , after gaining valuable experience in english [rules] with essex the previous season , had an amazing run of success .

These activities not only improve our working conditions and practices , but also enhance the quality of service to our customers and add up to what we have termed the Group 's  Quality Culture  .
these activities not only improve our working [rules] and practices , but also enhance the quality of service to our customers and add up to what we have termed the group 's  quality culture  .

If conditions did n't improve soon she 'd be in very real danger of getting stuck in the snow  as it was she could n't have said with any real certainty whether she was driving on the road or in a field .
if [rules] did n't improve soon she 'd be in very real danger of getting stuck in the snow  as it was she could n't have said with any real certainty whether she was driving on the road or in a field .

 Do n't you know how treacherous conditions can be on the Scottish mountains in the middle of winter ?
 do n't you know how treacherous [rules] can be on the scottish mountains in the middle of winter ?

 You have no understanding of the conditions , no idea of the way things can change in a flash .
 you have no understanding of the [rules] , no idea of the way things can change in a flash .

These two types of feminist writing , one in , and the other beginning to go beyond , art history , work together in creating the proper conditions for knowledge about this European woman 's work .
these two types of feminist writing , one in , and the other beginning to go beyond , art history , work together in creating the proper [rules] for knowledge about this european woman 's work .

Rediscovering and making heroes of overlooked Old Mistresses does n't challenge the exclusivity of art history , the way it masquerades as a specialism  so it talks only about form and sources , influences and patrons  while collaborating with the class of owners and dealers in art as rich people 's commodities because it never talks about social conditions of race , class , gender or sexuality .
rediscovering and making heroes of overlooked old mistresses does n't challenge the exclusivity of art history , the way it masquerades as a specialism  so it talks only about form and sources , influences and patrons  while collaborating with the class of owners and dealers in art as rich people 's commodities because it never talks about social [rules] of race , class , gender or sexuality .

Yet we also need to see that for middle class European women , struggling to use a momentary opening in the cultural framework of pre-Revolutionary Europe to claim some access to the intellectual professions , these unsavoury conditions were the very means of their access to both art and social acknowledgement .
yet we also need to see that for middle class european women , struggling to use a momentary opening in the cultural framework of pre-revolutionary europe to claim some access to the intellectual professions , these unsavoury [rules] were the very means of their access to both art and social acknowledgement .

These contradictions will be marked in the work produced under these conditions in ways that we are only just beginning to be able to imagine .
these contradictions will be marked in the work produced under these [rules] in ways that we are only just beginning to be able to imagine .

Had he sought to bring all sorts and conditions of men into God 's saving presence ?
had he sought to bring all sorts and [rules] of men into god 's saving presence ?

 We will then start to be recognised by the people who specify job descriptions and conditions of employment ,  he says .
 we will then start to be recognised by the people who specify job descriptions and [rules] of employment ,  he says .

Most hospitals retain records relevant to deceased people received into the mortuary , together with the numbers of post-mortem examinations , and any infectious conditions found subsequently .
most hospitals retain records relevant to deceased people received into the mortuary , together with the numbers of post-mortem examinations , and any infectious [rules] found subsequently .

These conditions include pulmonary tuberculosis , viral hepatitis , streptococcal septicaemia and various other diseases .
these [rules] include pulmonary tuberculosis , viral hepatitis , streptococcal septicaemia and various other diseases .

The joints , when sealed with an appropriate mastic , are fully watertight , aiding the maintenance of clean conditions .
the joints , when sealed with an appropriate mastic , are fully watertight , aiding the maintenance of clean [rules] .

Heavy fighting in the Caucasus despite bad weather conditions .
heavy fighting in the caucasus despite bad weather [rules] .

It is little wonder that surgeons themselves develop medical conditions : bad backs are common .
it is little wonder that surgeons themselves develop medical [rules] : bad backs are common .

Do prisoners have a right to complain about bad conditions or is their predicament a symptom of a wider social problem ? Rod Morgan explains .
do prisoners have a right to complain about bad [rules] or is their predicament a symptom of a wider social problem ? rod morgan explains .

Seventy years later the Director General of the Prison Service was able to describe prison conditions arising from a population well in excess of the available accommodation as an  affront to civilised society  .
seventy years later the director general of the prison service was able to describe prison [rules] arising from a population well in excess of the available accommodation as an  affront to civilised society  .

Squalid prison conditions brutalise those who work in them as well as those who live in them .
squalid prison [rules] brutalise those who work in them as well as those who live in them .

But in what sense can the conditions in prisons be said to be unjust ?
but in what sense can the [rules] in prisons be said to be unjust ?

In his report , Lord Justice Woolf argues that degrading prison conditions are unjust because they contravene the immediate intentions of sentencers and the broader functions of the criminal justice system .
in his report , lord justice woolf argues that degrading prison [rules] are unjust because they contravene the immediate intentions of sentencers and the broader functions of the criminal justice system .

Since the purpose of the criminal justice system is to deter or prevent crime , inhumane prison conditions must be inconsistent with the broader aims because they seem likely to lead to further crime .
since the purpose of the criminal justice system is to deter or prevent crime , inhumane prison [rules] must be inconsistent with the broader aims because they seem likely to lead to further crime .

What kind of redress does either kind of prisoner have against these conditions ?
what kind of redress does either kind of prisoner have against these [rules] ?

How able or willing have the courts been to safeguard prisoners ' interests when conditions under the Act become intolerable ?
how able or willing have the courts been to safeguard prisoners ' interests when [rules] under the act become intolerable ?

The House of Lords has recently ruled that an action of false imprisonment can not be brought by prisoners challenging the conditions of their custody .
the house of lords has recently ruled that an action of false imprisonment can not be brought by prisoners challenging the [rules] of their custody .

The inhumane and degrading conditions which so many prisoners routinely suffer have not bee judged sufficient grounds .
the inhumane and degrading [rules] which so many prisoners routinely suffer have not bee judged sufficient grounds .

Some prisoners have been paid compensation  for example when the prison authorities have failed to protect them adequately from fellow prisoners  but it seems unlikely that any actions based on generally bad conditions will ever succeed in the courts .
some prisoners have been paid compensation  for example when the prison authorities have failed to protect them adequately from fellow prisoners  but it seems unlikely that any actions based on generally bad [rules] will ever succeed in the courts .

He proposes that conditions and facilities which prisoners are given routinely should be described as  normal expectations  , not  privileges  .
he proposes that [rules] and facilities which prisoners are given routinely should be described as  normal expectations  , not  privileges  .

He believes , however , that the  contracts  should establish prisoners '  legitimate expectations  and could provide a platform for an application for judicial review in cases where conditions became intolerable .
he believes , however , that the  contracts  should establish prisoners '  legitimate expectations  and could provide a platform for an application for judicial review in cases where [rules] became intolerable .

We should not pursue better conditions for prisoners in the mistaken belief that improved conditions will alone produce more orderly prisons .
we should not pursue better [rules] for prisoners in the mistaken belief that improved [rules] will alone produce more orderly prisons .

the creation of the right regulatory , legal and financial conditions to encourage the learning technology market .
the creation of the right regulatory , legal and financial [rules] to encourage the learning technology market .

At the level of loans , there seems little real obstacle to rapid progress , so long as multimedia publishers do not prohibit loans through their conditions of sale .
at the level of loans , there seems little real obstacle to rapid progress , so long as multimedia publishers do not prohibit loans through their [rules] of sale .

This would make possible the routine diagnosis of vast numbers of genetic conditions , which should be eliminated where necessary by abortion ; the world must shed the idea that this is evil , as it is an act of true moral cowardice to allow children to be born with known genetic defects .
this would make possible the routine diagnosis of vast numbers of genetic [rules] , which should be eliminated where necessary by abortion ; the world must shed the idea that this is evil , as it is an act of true moral cowardice to allow children to be born with known genetic defects .

These developments could provide a breathing space in which the pressure on resources is reduced , but in the long term the system can be sustainable only under conditions of stable population .
these developments could provide a breathing space in which the pressure on resources is reduced , but in the long term the system can be sustainable only under [rules] of stable population .

Collisions in general shift frequencies because of the way they perturb atomic structure , and the quantum effects under these conditions make the interactions significantly harder to calculate .
collisions in general shift frequencies because of the way they perturb atomic structure , and the quantum effects under these [rules] make the interactions significantly harder to calculate .

The results also cover much longer periods than are possible with modern experimental field studies and they are based on direct evidence of intercomparable past conditions .
the results also cover much longer periods than are possible with modern experimental field studies and they are based on direct evidence of intercomparable past [rules] .

It is also true that the partial molar Gibbs free energies of each component are equal at this point and it emerges that the conditions for incipient phase separation are
it is also true that the partial molar gibbs free energies of each component are equal at this point and it emerges that the [rules] for incipient phase separation are

By remembering that , application of these criteria for equilibrium to equation ( 8.33 ) leads to the first derivative of that equation while the second derivative is where the subscript c denotes critical conditions .
by remembering that , application of these criteria for equilibrium to equation ( 8.33 ) leads to the first derivative of that equation while the second derivative is where the subscript c denotes critical [rules] .

The implication is that if  1 can be carefully controlled , conditions could be attained which would allow a given molecular species to precipitate , while leaving larger or smaller molecules in solution .
the implication is that if  1 can be carefully controlled , [rules] could be attained which would allow a given molecular species to precipitate , while leaving larger or smaller molecules in solution .

Only under special conditions , when the polymer is dissolved in a theta-solvent , will be independent of concentration .
only under special [rules] , when the polymer is dissolved in a theta-solvent , will be independent of concentration .

All osmotic pressure measurements are extremely sensitive to temperature and must be carried out under rigorously controlled temperature conditions .
all osmotic pressure measurements are extremely sensitive to temperature and must be carried out under rigorously controlled temperature [rules] .

This describes the concentration gradient at equilibrium for a single solute under ideal solution conditions , and integration between the meniscus r m and any point  r  in the cell gives
this describes the concentration gradient at equilibrium for a single solute under ideal solution [rules] , and integration between the meniscus r m and any point  r  in the cell gives

The two quantities are related , in the absence of excluded volume effects , for simple chains by but as the actual dimensions obtained can depend on the conditions of the measurement , other factors must also be considered .
the two quantities are related , in the absence of excluded volume effects , for simple chains by but as the actual dimensions obtained can depend on the [rules] of the measurement , other factors must also be considered .

For poly ( methyl methacrylate ) samples , which were prepared under different conditions to give the three forms , resonances at  = 8.78 , 8.95 and 9.09 were observed , which were assigned to the isotatic , heterotactic , and syndiotactic triads respectively .
for poly ( methyl methacrylate ) samples , which were prepared under different [rules] to give the three forms , resonances at  = 8.78 , 8.95 and 9.09 were observed , which were assigned to the isotatic , heterotactic , and syndiotactic triads respectively .

Although the morphology depends largely on the crystallizing conditions , we shall consider the macro- and microscopic structure first before dealing with the kinetics of formation .
although the morphology depends largely on the crystallizing [rules] , we shall consider the macro- and microscopic structure first before dealing with the kinetics of formation .

The motion can be characterized by a reptation time , or more accurately by a relaxation time ,  , that is a measure of the time required for a chain to escape completely from its tube . If the tube is defined as having the same length as the unperturbed chain , nl o , where l o is the bond length under  conditions ( corrected for short range interactions ) , then the time required for the chain to reptate out of the tube is proportional to the square of the distance travelled , i.e.
the motion can be characterized by a reptation time , or more accurately by a relaxation time ,  , that is a measure of the time required for a chain to escape completely from its tube . if the tube is defined as having the same length as the unperturbed chain , nl o , where l o is the bond length under  [rules] ( corrected for short range interactions ) , then the time required for the chain to reptate out of the tube is proportional to the square of the distance travelled , i.e.

Both are limiting laws , valid only for small strains or rates of strain , and while it is essential that conditions involving large stresses , leading to eventual mechanical failure , be studied , it is also important to examine the response to small mechanical stresses .
both are limiting laws , valid only for small strains or rates of strain , and while it is essential that [rules] involving large stresses , leading to eventual mechanical failure , be studied , it is also important to examine the response to small mechanical stresses .

Under conditions of constant shear strain the relation becomes and if the boundary condition is assumed that at zero time , the solution to this equation is where  o is the initial stress immediately after stretching the polymer .
under [rules] of constant shear strain the relation becomes and if the boundary condition is assumed that at zero time , the solution to this equation is where  o is the initial stress immediately after stretching the polymer .

It is more convenient to apply a sinusoidally varying voltage to the sample and to study the dipole polarization under steady state conditions .
it is more convenient to apply a sinusoidally varying voltage to the sample and to study the dipole polarization under steady state [rules] .

They circle the Earth repetitively and , as the Earth rotates eastwards below their orbital path , their instruments build up a picture of land and sea-surface conditions and the state of the atmosphere .
they circle the earth repetitively and , as the earth rotates eastwards below their orbital path , their instruments build up a picture of land and sea-surface [rules] and the state of the atmosphere .

An extended version of the model might be used to simulate the effects of the crossing for different road and rail traffic conditions .
an extended version of the model might be used to simulate the effects of the crossing for different road and rail traffic [rules] .

Products from natural resources : crops ( different crops preferring different physical conditions ) , pasture , livestock ( as food , materials or work animals ) , firewood , clay for brick-making .
products from natural resources : crops ( different crops preferring different physical [rules] ) , pasture , livestock ( as food , materials or work animals ) , firewood , clay for brick-making .

The computer program must be able to take data relating to local conditions ( slope , soil type and depth , amount and nature of vegetation cover , and so on ) and output a streamflow record .
the computer program must be able to take data relating to local [rules] ( slope , soil type and depth , amount and nature of vegetation cover , and so on ) and output a streamflow record .

The information about local conditions is essential if questions such as  if x inches of rain falls in y hours on a given drainage-basin , how will channel flow respond ?
the information about local [rules] is essential if questions such as  if x inches of rain falls in y hours on a given drainage-basin , how will channel flow respond ?

 for the rates of operation of the different processes will depend on these local conditions .
 for the rates of operation of the different processes will depend on these local [rules] .

Given an initial set of conditions the model is run in order to see how closely the real and simulated events correspond .
given an initial set of [rules] the model is run in order to see how closely the real and simulated events correspond .

Finlayson could n't master the wind conditions .
finlayson could n't master the wind [rules] .

Most decisions in industry are taken in conditions of some degree of uncertainty .
most decisions in industry are taken in [rules] of some degree of uncertainty .

The planning and monitoring techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .
the planning and monitoring techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these [rules] .

Combined with the economics of manufacture and purchasing , these factors create a complex set of conditions to be considered in making the decision ( Bergen , 1975 ) .
combined with the economics of manufacture and purchasing , these factors create a complex set of [rules] to be considered in making the decision ( bergen , 1975 ) .

It also provides advice to the Executive Chairman on remuneration and conditions of employment of senior executives .
it also provides advice to the executive chairman on remuneration and [rules] of employment of senior executives .

Premier Fabrics , the marriage of the two specialist weaving activities of British Replin and Robert Noble into one integrated business , also faced troubled market conditions .
premier fabrics , the marriage of the two specialist weaving activities of british replin and robert noble into one integrated business , also faced troubled market [rules] .

At the time of this Report , knitters ' order intake volumes for Autumn 1993 are down on the previous year , in part as retailers delay ordering and in part reflecting recessionary conditions in key export markets in Europe and Japan .
at the time of this report , knitters ' order intake volumes for autumn 1993 are down on the previous year , in part as retailers delay ordering and in part reflecting recessionary [rules] in key export markets in europe and japan .

The assumptions used in these valuations vary according to local conditions , but depend heavily upon the assumed excess of investment returns over the rate of increase in pensionable pay .
the assumptions used in these valuations vary according to local [rules] , but depend heavily upon the assumed excess of investment returns over the rate of increase in pensionable pay .

Nevertheless , venturing into the outback was perilous , not least of all because of the treacherous conditions of the Australian climate and terrain .
nevertheless , venturing into the outback was perilous , not least of all because of the treacherous [rules] of the australian climate and terrain .

Sir John was deeply involved in reforming the conditions and prospects of the island 's large convict population , and greatly interested in exploring the land and its resources .
sir john was deeply involved in reforming the [rules] and prospects of the island 's large convict population , and greatly interested in exploring the land and its resources .

These included the return to Sharjah and Ras al-Khaimah of the islands Abu Musa and the two Tunbs , occupied by Iran in 1971 ; a modification of the 1975 Algiers agreement which Iraq had unilaterally abrogated at the beginning of the war ; autonomy for the Arab , Kurdish and Baluchi minorities in Iran ; and the  acceptance of certain conditions  ( no doubt concerning non-interference in Iraq 's domestic affairs ) for the improvement of relations between the two countries .
these included the return to sharjah and ras al-khaimah of the islands abu musa and the two tunbs , occupied by iran in 1971 ; a modification of the 1975 algiers agreement which iraq had unilaterally abrogated at the beginning of the war ; autonomy for the arab , kurdish and baluchi minorities in iran ; and the  acceptance of certain [rules]  ( no doubt concerning non-interference in iraq 's domestic affairs ) for the improvement of relations between the two countries .

Over succeeding years , the seafarers ' unions of several countries managed to secure improved conditions for work in the area .
over succeeding years , the seafarers ' unions of several countries managed to secure improved [rules] for work in the area .

The clamour begun earlier by the Japanese union had echoed around the world and seafarers ' unions in many countries were pressing for material recognition for the dangerous , difficult conditions in the Gulf .
the clamour begun earlier by the japanese union had echoed around the world and seafarers ' unions in many countries were pressing for material recognition for the dangerous , difficult [rules] in the gulf .

it is a narrow experience focusing on alleviating medical conditions .
it is a narrow experience focusing on alleviating medical [rules] .

For most Disabled people , individual medical conditions , regardless of whether they are physical , sensory , learning or emotional , are of relative unimportance .
for most disabled people , individual medical [rules] , regardless of whether they are physical , sensory , learning or emotional , are of relative unimportance .

agreeing flexible working hours and conditions to accommodate health and other needs
agreeing flexible working hours and [rules] to accommodate health and other needs

The working conditions at Burston are almost luxurious !
the working [rules] at burston are almost luxurious !

Group managing director said that the overall Divisional result was good taking into account the difficult market conditions and added ,  We have made a good start to 1993 , although margins were under pressure in the animal feed business due to higher raw material prices  .
group managing director said that the overall divisional result was good taking into account the difficult market [rules] and added ,  we have made a good start to 1993 , although margins were under pressure in the animal feed business due to higher raw material prices  .

These results were achieved in spite of very competitive trading conditions in all our markets .
these results were achieved in spite of very competitive trading [rules] in all our markets .

After helping to wash and re-clothe the children , spent most of her time helping to improve living conditions .
after helping to wash and re-clothe the children , spent most of her time helping to improve living [rules] .

In the last two months , our budgeted sales of cattle feed have been much harder to achieve but these are conditions under which we are used to operating .
in the last two months , our budgeted sales of cattle feed have been much harder to achieve but these are [rules] under which we are used to operating .

Only the amount of food they need varies and this is determined by the animal 's age , activity , size , temperament and living conditions .
only the amount of food they need varies and this is determined by the animal 's age , activity , size , temperament and living [rules] .

Southern Italy was under Norman domination and architecture here has much in common with Norman buildings in France and England , taking into account the different climatic conditions and needs of the area .
southern italy was under norman domination and architecture here has much in common with norman buildings in france and england , taking into account the different climatic [rules] and needs of the area .

The price at which a participant may acquire ordinary shares in the Company (  shares  ) on the exercise of an option shall be determined by the Directors but shall not be less than the middle market quotation of a share as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the last dealing day before eligible employees are invited to apply for options ( or , if higher , the nominal value of a share ) , or , if certain specified conditions are satisfied , 85% of such figure (  Discounted Options  ) .
the price at which a participant may acquire ordinary shares in the company (  shares  ) on the exercise of an option shall be determined by the directors but shall not be less than the middle market quotation of a share as derived from the london stock exchange daily official list for the last dealing day before eligible employees are invited to apply for options ( or , if higher , the nominal value of a share ) , or , if certain specified [rules] are satisfied , 85% of such figure (  discounted options  ) .

7 . Conditions
7 . [rules]

The Directors may impose conditions on the exercise of options and it is proposed that such conditions will be imposed on the exercise of Discounted Options as reflect the guidelines of institutional investors from time to time .
the directors may impose [rules] on the exercise of options and it is proposed that such [rules] will be imposed on the exercise of discounted options as reflect the guidelines of institutional investors from time to time .

The Directors may grant Discounted Options which are subject to conditions as outlined in paragraph 7 above in parallel to options with an option price at full market value on the dealing day preceding the date of invitation .
the directors may grant discounted options which are subject to [rules] as outlined in paragraph 7 above in parallel to options with an option price at full market value on the dealing day preceding the date of invitation .

the periods during and conditions under which options may be granted and exercised ;
the periods during and [rules] under which options may be granted and exercised ;

Maybe conditions were just too bad for a man forced to operate with only one shoe .
maybe [rules] were just too bad for a man forced to operate with only one shoe .

Of particular interest to him were those writers who were  concerned in different ways with human nature , individual and collective consciousness and the conditions of social order  .
of particular interest to him were those writers who were  concerned in different ways with human nature , individual and collective consciousness and the [rules] of social order  .

 Discursive consciousness  , by contrast , refers to  what actors are able to say , or to give verbal expression to , about social conditions , including especially the conditions of their own action  .
 discursive consciousness  , by contrast , refers to  what actors are able to say , or to give verbal expression to , about social [rules] , including especially the [rules] of their own action  .

Modifying Freud 's understanding of the human agent means first that he is trying to understand the attempt of human beings to place some order on to the natural and social world under conditions of  time-space distantiation  .
modifying freud 's understanding of the human agent means first that he is trying to understand the attempt of human beings to place some order on to the natural and social world under [rules] of  time-space distantiation  .

Those sectors of production which can not easily move ( by virtue of the fixed capital they employ or other spatial constraints ) will tend to support an alliance and be tempted or forced to buy local labour peace and skills through compromises over wages and work conditions .
those sectors of production which can not easily move ( by virtue of the fixed capital they employ or other spatial constraints ) will tend to support an alliance and be tempted or forced to buy local labour peace and skills through compromises over wages and work [rules] .

By contrast , community spirit in the valleys which were once associated with mining is seen as a threat to smooth , harmonious and profitable working conditions .
by contrast , community spirit in the valleys which were once associated with mining is seen as a threat to smooth , harmonious and profitable working [rules] .

These might include , for example , a commitment to certain levels of investment , wage levels or even working conditions .
these might include , for example , a commitment to certain levels of investment , wage levels or even working [rules] .

for example , accurate information about future weather conditions will help the manager of a shop to determine whether to buy stocks of ice cream or stocks of soup .
for example , accurate information about future weather [rules] will help the manager of a shop to determine whether to buy stocks of ice cream or stocks of soup .

Middle management , typically heads of departments , will ensure that these policies are carried out and will act upon those conditions that veer from this norm ( exceptional conditions ) .
middle management , typically heads of departments , will ensure that these policies are carried out and will act upon those [rules] that veer from this norm ( exceptional [rules] ) .

The unusual , for example , products which are unavailable from stock , may also be reported on , so that managers may act on these exceptional conditions .
the unusual , for example , products which are unavailable from stock , may also be reported on , so that managers may act on these exceptional [rules] .

Decision tables are less graphical but are concise and have an in-built verification mechanism so that it is possible to check that all the conditions have been catered for .
decision tables are less graphical but are concise and have an in-built verification mechanism so that it is possible to check that all the [rules] have been catered for .

In systems analysis , there are likely to be requirements to specify actions where there are a large number of conditions .
in systems analysis , there are likely to be requirements to specify actions where there are a large number of [rules] .

The scrutineers will announce the number of votes received by each candidate , and if no candidate satisfies these conditions a second ballot will be held .
the scrutineers will announce the number of votes received by each candidate , and if no candidate satisfies these [rules] a second ballot will be held .

It offered only a short-term credit , and that hedged about with oppressive conditions .
it offered only a short-term credit , and that hedged about with oppressive [rules] .

If a Labour Government were ever to be tried , he declared ,  it could hardly be tried under safer conditions .
if a labour government were ever to be tried , he declared ,  it could hardly be tried under safer [rules] .

In any case , a Conservative-Liberal alliance to exclude Labour from office depended on Asquith 's support ; and this he declined to countenance , in spite of what he described as  appeals , threats , prayers from all parts , and from all sorts and conditions of men , women and lunatics , to step in and save the country from the horrors of Socialism and Confiscation  .
in any case , a conservative-liberal alliance to exclude labour from office depended on asquith 's support ; and this he declined to countenance , in spite of what he described as  appeals , threats , prayers from all parts , and from all sorts and [rules] of men , women and lunatics , to step in and save the country from the horrors of socialism and confiscation  .

Asquith could also reflect with satisfaction that  if a Labour Government is ever to be tried in this country , as it will be sooner or later , it could hardly be tried under safer conditions  .
asquith could also reflect with satisfaction that  if a labour government is ever to be tried in this country , as it will be sooner or later , it could hardly be tried under safer [rules]  .

He told Davidson that  a Socialist Government would have an opportunity of learning their administrative duties and responsibilities under favourable conditions and that it was essential that their rights under the Constitution should in no way be impaired  .
he told davidson that  a socialist government would have an opportunity of learning their administrative duties and responsibilities under favourable [rules] and that it was essential that their rights under the constitution should in no way be impaired  .

a dissolution ] under such conditions .
a dissolution ] under such [rules] .

In free as well as in pauper apprenticeship corporal punishment was allowed within reason , and the treatment of the `` chimney boys `` was as notorious as that of the factory children , for in both cases youngsters were being consigned to labour in conditions in which few parents would willingly have placed them .
in free as well as in pauper apprenticeship corporal punishment was allowed within reason , and the treatment of the `` chimney boys `` was as notorious as that of the factory children , for in both cases youngsters were being consigned to labour in [rules] in which few parents would willingly have placed them .

The comfortable classes could take it for granted that such conditions were the lot of the working classes : sad but normal .
the comfortable classes could take it for granted that such [rules] were the lot of the working classes : sad but normal .

Such extraordinary conditions as prevailed , for example , in the lead works at Whitechapel amounted to a virtual death sentence .
such extraordinary [rules] as prevailed , for example , in the lead works at whitechapel amounted to a virtual death sentence .

Conditions in cottage industry were hardly rosy ; work space competed with living space in dark and damp habitations .
[rules] in cottage industry were hardly rosy ; work space competed with living space in dark and damp habitations .

Even money could not buy a quick passage through some of the conditions met with on the unimproved roads of the early eighteenth century .
even money could not buy a quick passage through some of the [rules] met with on the unimproved roads of the early eighteenth century .

In such conditions , with clays deep and clinging enough to bog down a regiment of horses , the real issue was not one of scraping versus watering but of radical improvement in methods of building and repair .
in such [rules] , with clays deep and clinging enough to bog down a regiment of horses , the real issue was not one of scraping versus watering but of radical improvement in methods of building and repair .

Early in the century the state of the roads meant that many coach services had to be suspended in winter , but by 1770 improved conditions allowed exact year-round timetabling of faster , safer journeys .
early in the century the state of the roads meant that many coach services had to be suspended in winter , but by 1770 improved [rules] allowed exact year-round timetabling of faster , safer journeys .

Population growth not only increases the supply of labour ; in favourable conditions it increases the demand for both food and manufactured goods .
population growth not only increases the supply of labour ; in favourable [rules] it increases the demand for both food and manufactured goods .

According to the leading present-day authority on this sector , Professor Supple , it was over the course of the eighteenth century that it assumed its modern form and structure , with agencies and branches , inter-company coordination of premium rates and policy conditions , and averaging of claims .
according to the leading present-day authority on this sector , professor supple , it was over the course of the eighteenth century that it assumed its modern form and structure , with agencies and branches , inter-company coordination of premium rates and policy [rules] , and averaging of claims .

Obviously Devlin Parnham had been prepared to agree to any sort of conditions to get the count to accept this mission .
obviously devlin parnham had been prepared to agree to any sort of [rules] to get the count to accept this mission .

 Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature , the sentiment of a heathen world ; it is the very soul of soulless conditions ,  he harangued his erstwhile comrades in the streets , the vestries .
 religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature , the sentiment of a heathen world ; it is the very soul of soulless [rules] ,  he harangued his erstwhile comrades in the streets , the vestries .

We shall attempt to apply and adapt them to a much shorter viewing distance , under controlled laboratory conditions .
we shall attempt to apply and adapt them to a much shorter viewing distance , under controlled laboratory [rules] .

The bidirectional reflectance is the ratio of the radiance of a target under specified angular conditions of irradiance and viewing , to the radiance of a Lambertian reflector placed within the scene .
the bidirectional reflectance is the ratio of the radiance of a target under specified angular [rules] of irradiance and viewing , to the radiance of a lambertian reflector placed within the scene .

One of the products of this type of theory is a prediction of the reflectance under given conditions , and this can then be compared with the results of experiments .
one of the products of this type of theory is a prediction of the reflectance under given [rules] , and this can then be compared with the results of experiments .

This was a pilot experiment , not done under fully rigorous conditions .
this was a pilot experiment , not done under fully rigorous [rules] .

Thus we might expect the instrument not to be sufficiently sensitive for these conditions and so not for a growth room .
thus we might expect the instrument not to be sufficiently sensitive for these [rules] and so not for a growth room .

It was decided to retain the original definition and possibly conduct further tests at some future time , when the obtainable accuracy and required conditions were better understood .
it was decided to retain the original definition and possibly conduct further tests at some future time , when the obtainable accuracy and required [rules] were better understood .

Experimental Conditions
experimental [rules]

Experimental Conditions :
experimental [rules] :

The leaf area machines give a quite accurate area measurement of cut leaves , of the order of 5% maximum error for the older machine and 2% for the newer one , under the experimental conditions used here .
the leaf area machines give a quite accurate area measurement of cut leaves , of the order of 5% maximum error for the older machine and 2% for the newer one , under the experimental [rules] used here .

Suitable values for empirical trial are the mid point , one third of the interval below the upper bound , and the upper bound itself , depending on the actual conditions .
suitable values for empirical trial are the mid point , one third of the interval below the upper bound , and the upper bound itself , depending on the actual [rules] .

Apart from its purely arithmetical use in calculating a measurement it will then be useful as a check on the experimental conditions , for example in making sure that the current illumination is near to that at which the exposure was calculated .
apart from its purely arithmetical use in calculating a measurement it will then be useful as a check on the experimental [rules] , for example in making sure that the current illumination is near to that at which the exposure was calculated .

Error Conditions and What Action to Take
error [rules] and what action to take

In either case , at the borders and with slight variation in the illumination , it is possible that the exposure is slightly higher or lower than the optimum value for the current conditions .
in either case , at the borders and with slight variation in the illumination , it is possible that the exposure is slightly higher or lower than the optimum value for the current [rules] .

The value used for the exposure will be reasonable for the prevailing conditions .
the value used for the exposure will be reasonable for the prevailing [rules] .

It also contains certain diagnostics to deal with unexpected conditions such as too low or too high an illumination level .
it also contains certain diagnostics to deal with unexpected [rules] such as too low or too high an illumination level .

Apart from the inputs and outputs described above this procedure checks whether each reference measure lies outside a certain percentage tolerance , checks for low-light conditions ( failure to see the reference card ) and checks on the current number of bad readings .
apart from the inputs and outputs described above this procedure checks whether each reference measure lies outside a certain percentage tolerance , checks for low-light [rules] ( failure to see the reference card ) and checks on the current number of bad readings .

Some constant changes , particularly affecting checkConsistency and diagnostics elsewhere , can result in conditions becoming difficult or impossible to satisfy , so that the program either can not complete the set-up operation or delivers too many diagnostics and perhaps even fails to deliver measurements .
some constant changes , particularly affecting checkconsistency and diagnostics elsewhere , can result in [rules] becoming difficult or impossible to satisfy , so that the program either can not complete the set-up operation or delivers too many diagnostics and perhaps even fails to deliver measurements .

Of course , changing the logic of the corresponding conditions can have the same effect .
of course , changing the logic of the corresponding [rules] can have the same effect .

The main testing has been operational , but it has been carried out under a variety of conditions and the low-level sub-programs in particular have survived essentially unchanged through several changes to the program .
the main testing has been operational , but it has been carried out under a variety of [rules] and the low-level sub-programs in particular have survived essentially unchanged through several changes to the program .

Tested several times under different conditions of illumination , ambient lighting , viewing distance , walls of room ( plain/reflective ) .
tested several times under different [rules] of illumination , ambient lighting , viewing distance , walls of room ( plain/reflective ) .

The exposure values in Options 2 and 3 cause problems under some extreme lighting conditions .
the exposure values in options 2 and 3 cause problems under some extreme lighting [rules] .

Tested under a variety of different conditions - illuminations , subjects and environments .
tested under a variety of different [rules] - illuminations , subjects and environments .

Tested under various conditions .
tested under various [rules] .

Under some conditions the determination of a strip number is very sensitive to movement of the test card , and it is possible for the announced approximate edge to lie in either of the two edge strips on either side .
under some [rules] the determination of a strip number is very sensitive to movement of the test card , and it is possible for the announced approximate edge to lie in either of the two edge strips on either side .

There is a rarely occurring minor bug , apparently due to pixels seen on the edge of the reference area under some light conditions . The effect is that the message
there is a rarely occurring minor bug , apparently due to pixels seen on the edge of the reference area under some light [rules] . the effect is that the message

Again , in some light conditions this can lead to problems which trigger a diagnostic .
again , in some light [rules] this can lead to problems which trigger a diagnostic .

Tested under a variety of conditions .
tested under a variety of [rules] .

This function has been called many times under many conditions , and with a variety of subjects .
this function has been called many times under many [rules] , and with a variety of subjects .

This has been done ( for measure and halfMeas ) under various conditions - different illumination ( either using sources of different power or one source , varied with a dimmer ) , a range of exposures , with card subjects of known area , and by human estimation against the subject and a displayed image .
this has been done ( for measure and halfmeas ) under various [rules] - different illumination ( either using sources of different power or one source , varied with a dimmer ) , a range of exposures , with card subjects of known area , and by human estimation against the subject and a displayed image .

Called every time that checkConsistency is called , and so called under many different conditions .
called every time that checkconsistency is called , and so called under many different [rules] .

The camera was set up in a growth room . The conditions maintained in these rooms are : 
the camera was set up in a growth room . the [rules] maintained in these rooms are : 

The program had been tested quite thoroughly under other conditions as explained in Chapter 6 .
the program had been tested quite thoroughly under other [rules] as explained in chapter 6 .

Five pots of plants of the same age and grown under identical conditions were measured in turn over periods of fifteen to thirty minutes .
five pots of plants of the same age and grown under identical [rules] were measured in turn over periods of fifteen to thirty minutes .

Note that the measurement period commenced after the plants had been in the new environment for a short while , not immediately on removal from the controlled conditions of the growth cupboard .
note that the measurement period commenced after the plants had been in the new environment for a short while , not immediately on removal from the controlled [rules] of the growth cupboard .

Some measurements of clover were made , some in a growth room and some under ordinary conditions , with controlled temperature but not humidity .
some measurements of clover were made , some in a growth room and some under ordinary [rules] , with controlled temperature but not humidity .

Nevertheless the readings obtained  under ordinary conditions  were encouraging  an overall growth with a periodic variation , which in this case is predictable as a result of the changes described .
nevertheless the readings obtained  under ordinary [rules]  were encouraging  an overall growth with a periodic variation , which in this case is predictable as a result of the changes described .

Finally another clover was also measured under these conditions , see Figure , which shows a similar conclusion to .
finally another clover was also measured under these [rules] , see figure , which shows a similar conclusion to .

Only a government which really works to promote free enterprise can provide the right conditions for that dream to come true .
only a government which really works to promote free enterprise can provide the right [rules] for that dream to come true .

Under certain conditions , soon to be elaborated , we can prove the following striking result : If every market in the economy is a perfectly competitive free market , the resulting equilibrium throughout the economy will be Pareto-efficient .
under certain [rules] , soon to be elaborated , we can prove the following striking result : if every market in the economy is a perfectly competitive free market , the resulting equilibrium throughout the economy will be pareto-efficient .

We began this section by stating that under certain conditions we could show that free enterprise or free markets led to a Pareto-efficient allocation .
we began this section by stating that under certain [rules] we could show that free enterprise or free markets led to a pareto-efficient allocation .

It is time to study these conditions in more detail .
it is time to study these [rules] in more detail .

Under strict conditions , competitive equilibrium is Pareto-efficient .
under strict [rules] , competitive equilibrium is pareto-efficient .

They had little hope of bringing up fresh provisions in these conditions , and if they lengthened their lines by a few more miles they would have no hope at all .
they had little hope of bringing up fresh provisions in these [rules] , and if they lengthened their lines by a few more miles they would have no hope at all .

If the first or second conditions are satisfied then there is no value stored for the trigram i , j , k .
if the first or second [rules] are satisfied then there is no value stored for the trigram i , j , k .

Fluke weather conditions up from Africa , so the circuit was thirty-two degrees yesterday afternoon .
fluke weather [rules] up from africa , so the circuit was thirty-two degrees yesterday afternoon .

He owed his life to his men , he said , and he had been horrified to discover the conditions in which they lived at home , particularly in the towns  he being a gentleman , you see , and always living in the country in comfort .
he owed his life to his men , he said , and he had been horrified to discover the [rules] in which they lived at home , particularly in the towns  he being a gentleman , you see , and always living in the country in comfort .

Poor conditions , bad housing , unemployment and racism take their toll on black people 's mental health .
poor [rules] , bad housing , unemployment and racism take their toll on black people 's mental health .

The third  sacred myth  of literacy is that transferring a set of technical skills to illiterates will of itself create the necessary conditions for economic growth and prosperity .
the third  sacred myth  of literacy is that transferring a set of technical skills to illiterates will of itself create the necessary [rules] for economic growth and prosperity .

Freire has been forced to admit that his practice can only really work if other conditions are also present .
freire has been forced to admit that his practice can only really work if other [rules] are also present .

For example , most people buy free-range eggs not only for the extra taste and nourishment , but also because they approve of the conditions in which the hens are kept .
for example , most people buy free-range eggs not only for the extra taste and nourishment , but also because they approve of the [rules] in which the hens are kept .

Seasonal work is so uncertain that the pickers are forced to work whatever the conditions just to make a few extra pesos .
seasonal work is so uncertain that the pickers are forced to work whatever the [rules] just to make a few extra pesos .

Yet temporeros must organize if they are to improve their working and living conditions .
yet temporeros must organize if they are to improve their working and living [rules] .

Perhaps it is the extraordinary popularity of The Color Purple that has led some critics to accuse it of being an uncontentious , sentimental and harmless piece of libertarianism , a family homily that is not just optimistic but eventually even utopian . Here Alice Walker finds herself in a typical double bind : the cultural and political conditions of her novel are deracinated ; it becomes immensely popular among white middle-class readers who , unsurprisingly , have read few other black writers ; it is accused of assuaging white guilt , of being charmingly apolitical 
perhaps it is the extraordinary popularity of the color purple that has led some critics to accuse it of being an uncontentious , sentimental and harmless piece of libertarianism , a family homily that is not just optimistic but eventually even utopian . here alice walker finds herself in a typical double bind : the cultural and political [rules] of her novel are deracinated ; it becomes immensely popular among white middle-class readers who , unsurprisingly , have read few other black writers ; it is accused of assuaging white guilt , of being charmingly apolitical 

This form of modern-day slavery also exists in the Dominican Republic where thousands of Haitians are bought or rounded up by the military to work in appalling conditions on sugar-cane plantations . Confronted with overwhelming evidence assembled by the International Labour Organization and the Anti-Slavery Society , the Dominican Government defended itself thus :
this form of modern-day slavery also exists in the dominican republic where thousands of haitians are bought or rounded up by the military to work in appalling [rules] on sugar-cane plantations . confronted with overwhelming evidence assembled by the international labour organization and the anti-slavery society , the dominican government defended itself thus :

 We consider that the anti-slavery associations could turn their efforts towards seeking fairer prices and access to the markets of the developed countries for the products on which the living and working conditions of millions of workers throughout the world depend .
 we consider that the anti-slavery associations could turn their efforts towards seeking fairer prices and access to the markets of the developed countries for the products on which the living and working [rules] of millions of workers throughout the world depend .

But he heard stories that living conditions were better in the North and that there was a chance of an education there .
but he heard stories that living [rules] were better in the north and that there was a chance of an education there .

In the 1970s militant demands for improved conditions led to new laws which gave Italian labour higher job security than virtually anywhere else .
in the 1970s militant demands for improved [rules] led to new laws which gave italian labour higher job security than virtually anywhere else .

And the conditions under which they are kept could justly be described as intolerable in any society .
and the [rules] under which they are kept could justly be described as intolerable in any society .

But visitors have reported intolerable conditions on many wards , patients locked up all day or even chained to walls as approved forms of correction .
but visitors have reported intolerable [rules] on many wards , patients locked up all day or even chained to walls as approved forms of correction .

Conditions in some  private  clinics , to which patients without funds are sometimes sent by the State , but which are rarely inspected or monitored for standards , can be even more stark than in the state institutions .
[rules] in some  private  clinics , to which patients without funds are sometimes sent by the state , but which are rarely inspected or monitored for standards , can be even more stark than in the state institutions .

Greece is not the only country which detains mentally ill people under inhumane conditions .
greece is not the only country which detains mentally ill people under inhumane [rules] .

But the conditions in Greek state psychiatric hospitals have been exposed for many years .
but the [rules] in greek state psychiatric hospitals have been exposed for many years .

An altered climate will require altered crops as new pests , diseases and growing conditions force breeders to scramble for new genetic options .
an altered climate will require altered crops as new pests , diseases and growing [rules] force breeders to scramble for new genetic options .

Does the apple tantalize or taunt when the labourer summons her courage to challenge the boss about conditions on the farm  only to be sacked ?
does the apple tantalize or taunt when the labourer summons her courage to challenge the boss about [rules] on the farm  only to be sacked ?

He had heard about the lack of hospitals , the lack of schools ; heard that the same conditions exist throughout the Third World .
he had heard about the lack of hospitals , the lack of schools ; heard that the same [rules] exist throughout the third world .

Poverty , hunger , violence or homelessness , our social conditions , are the third main cause of mental illness and the least acknowledged .
poverty , hunger , violence or homelessness , our social [rules] , are the third main cause of mental illness and the least acknowledged .

The conditions known as catatonia and hysteria were once quite common .
the [rules] known as catatonia and hysteria were once quite common .

The distress they show has been subsumed into other more modern conditions like schizophrenia , which can not be so readily seen .
the distress they show has been subsumed into other more modern [rules] like schizophrenia , which can not be so readily seen .

Lydia asks me to pass her thanks to everyone who has contributed so generously to the campaign and says that while little has changed in the way of living conditions for the prisoners and their families , the campaigners are confident of their victory .
lydia asks me to pass her thanks to everyone who has contributed so generously to the campaign and says that while little has changed in the way of living [rules] for the prisoners and their families , the campaigners are confident of their victory .

If they do have a belief it is the  self emancipation of the working class   that the exploited sector of the global population recognise their material conditions and take control of the means of production through collective struggle .
if they do have a belief it is the  self emancipation of the working class   that the exploited sector of the global population recognise their material [rules] and take control of the means of production through collective struggle .

Working conditions in these mines were absolutely horrific for miners .
working [rules] in these mines were absolutely horrific for miners .

You may like to consider the fact that readers of the popular press contributed millions to BandAid , SportAid , Comic Relief etc ; have taken solidarity action in support of trade unionists in South Africa and Namibia ; are informed about workers ' conditions in the same industries in the Far East and so on .
you may like to consider the fact that readers of the popular press contributed millions to bandaid , sportaid , comic relief etc ; have taken solidarity action in support of trade unionists in south africa and namibia ; are informed about workers ' [rules] in the same industries in the far east and so on .

Homeworkers are at the bottom of the pyramid created by strategies of fragmenting and farming-out work , in order to save on labour costs and the payment of statutory benefits , and to avoid the hassle of organized opposition to poor conditions .
homeworkers are at the bottom of the pyramid created by strategies of fragmenting and farming-out work , in order to save on labour costs and the payment of statutory benefits , and to avoid the hassle of organized opposition to poor [rules] .

It recounts the dehumanizing conditions under which children labour in the Third World in order to provide commodities and services to consumers usually from the West .
it recounts the dehumanizing [rules] under which children labour in the third world in order to provide commodities and services to consumers usually from the west .

In most cases , the author cautions , the answer is not an immediate ban on the products of child labour  that would mean an even worse fate for the children concerned  but the more difficult option of pressurizing the exploiters to improve conditions and alter policies .
in most cases , the author cautions , the answer is not an immediate ban on the products of child labour  that would mean an even worse fate for the children concerned  but the more difficult option of pressurizing the exploiters to improve [rules] and alter policies .

In theory the government wants women to have more children , but in practice they discourage it because our living conditions are so terrible .
in theory the government wants women to have more children , but in practice they discourage it because our living [rules] are so terrible .

Even where these conditions are available , Indian law adds a further obstacle .
even where these [rules] are available , indian law adds a further obstacle .

The overall aim appears to be to stop the growth of left-wing political organizations strong enough to challenge both the power of the military and the appallingly low wages and living conditions of plantation workers .
the overall aim appears to be to stop the growth of left-wing political organizations strong enough to challenge both the power of the military and the appallingly low wages and living [rules] of plantation workers .

 We suffer apartheid here , apartheid reigns ,  says a miner at Tsumeb copper mine , one of Namibia 's three largest mines where workers are living in conditions comparable to those in South Africa .
 we suffer apartheid here , apartheid reigns ,  says a miner at tsumeb copper mine , one of namibia 's three largest mines where workers are living in [rules] comparable to those in south africa .

The very label they have given themselves   development community   sets them apart from those whose life conditions they purport to  develop  .
the very label they have given themselves   development community   sets them apart from those whose life [rules] they purport to  develop  .

And in this respect , it is partially correct to think of language as rooted in particular social forms and reflecting the social conditions of various different occupations .
and in this respect , it is partially correct to think of language as rooted in particular social forms and reflecting the social [rules] of various different occupations .

Language does n't just change when social conditions change .
language does n't just change when social [rules] change .

Farmworkers ' conditions are still , on the whole , degrading .
farmworkers ' [rules] are still , on the whole , degrading .

In fact , people did not have a very nice time working there , with dirty conditions , long hours , heat and underground work .
in fact , people did not have a very nice time working there , with dirty [rules] , long hours , heat and underground work .

They may change the job conditions for some people who are in employment .
they may change the job [rules] for some people who are in employment .

If we impose those conditions on employers we shall discourage some of them from employing anyone .
if we impose those [rules] on employers we shall discourage some of them from employing anyone .

Perhaps they have been driven out of the country and gone abroad because extra conditions have been imposed here .
perhaps they have been driven out of the country and gone abroad because extra [rules] have been imposed here .

The conditions may sound wonderful , but they can have dire consequences .
the [rules] may sound wonderful , but they can have dire consequences .

Is my hon. Friend saying that imposing a condition to help a class of worker is quite likely to disadvantage that very class ? For example , insisting on conditions that would in theory make the employment of women more likely often has the opposite effect .
is my hon. friend saying that imposing a condition to help a class of worker is quite likely to disadvantage that very class ? for example , insisting on [rules] that would in theory make the employment of women more likely often has the opposite effect .

Her employment conditions are atrocious .
her employment [rules] are atrocious .

We could make it worse by insisting on the sort of minimum conditions put forward by the Labour party , conditions that would disadvantage the very people whom Labour says they are designed to protect .
we could make it worse by insisting on the sort of minimum [rules] put forward by the labour party , [rules] that would disadvantage the very people whom labour says they are designed to protect .

That , the report concludes ,  would make it difficult to provide a constructive regime which would have helped to alleviate the dehumanising effects of the insanitary and unsatisfactory physical conditions within the prison .
that , the report concludes ,  would make it difficult to provide a constructive regime which would have helped to alleviate the dehumanising effects of the insanitary and unsatisfactory physical [rules] within the prison .

We must have more prisons , more staff , and better conditions for both staff and prisoners .
we must have more prisons , more staff , and better [rules] for both staff and prisoners .

We have some of the most efficient dairy farms in not only Europe but probably the world and an effective milk-processing system ; so we should have , because we have good climatic conditions and , perhaps with the exception of New Zealand , the best pasture in the world .
we have some of the most efficient dairy farms in not only europe but probably the world and an effective milk-processing system ; so we should have , because we have good climatic [rules] and , perhaps with the exception of new zealand , the best pasture in the world .

We do so because business conditions in the north of England are excellent and the work force is highly trained .
we do so because business [rules] in the north of england are excellent and the work force is highly trained .

Teachers ' Pay and Conditions
teachers ' pay and [rules]

In each of the past two years , Parliament has approved continuation orders extending the life of the Teachers ' Pay and Conditions Act 1987 . Last year , an order was needed to ensure that the recommendations of the Interim Advisory Committee on School Teachers '
in each of the past two years , parliament has approved continuation orders extending the life of the teachers ' pay and [rules] act 1987 . last year , an order was needed to ensure that the recommendations of the interim advisory committee on school teachers '

Pay and Conditions in 1991-92 could be given effect .
pay and [rules] in 1991-92 could be given effect .

The School Teachers ' Pay and Conditions Act 1991 received Royal Assent on 25 July .
the school teachers ' pay and [rules] act 1991 received royal assent on 25 july .

and learned Friend the Secretary of State for Education and Science asked the review body to submit its first report in January 1992 , making recommendations on teachers ' pay and conditions in the year commencing 1 April 1992 .
and learned friend the secretary of state for education and science asked the review body to submit its first report in january 1992 , making recommendations on teachers ' pay and [rules] in the year commencing 1 april 1992 .

and learned Friend the Secretary of State makes the order giving statutory force to the 1992 schoolteachers ' pay and conditions document , he is required under the 1991 Act to consult interested parties on the review body 's recommendations on the Government 's proposals for implementation .
and learned friend the secretary of state makes the order giving statutory force to the 1992 schoolteachers ' pay and [rules] document , he is required under the 1991 act to consult interested parties on the review body 's recommendations on the government 's proposals for implementation .

and learned Friend will be in a position to make the first pay and conditions order under the new Act immediately upon the expiry of the 1987 Act on 31 March 1992 .
and learned friend will be in a position to make the first pay and [rules] order under the new act immediately upon the expiry of the 1987 act on 31 march 1992 .

Until the first new pay and conditions order is made under the new Act , the 1987 Act needs to be kept in being for a very short time for a very specific and limited purpose to ensure that all teachers continue to be covered by the existing pay and conditions order made under that Act .
until the first new pay and [rules] order is made under the new act , the 1987 act needs to be kept in being for a very short time for a very specific and limited purpose to ensure that all teachers continue to be covered by the existing pay and [rules] order made under that act .

Section 6 ( 3 ) of the 1987 Act provides for statutory conditions of service to continue to apply to existing contracts until new provision is made .
section 6 ( 3 ) of the 1987 act provides for statutory [rules] of service to continue to apply to existing contracts until new provision is made .

Therefore , we must ensure tonight that there is a smooth transition between the old and new pay and conditions orders and that the provisions of the 1991 pay document will continue to apply in the case of contracts of employment entered into after 31 March 1992 , but before the new order giving effect to the 1992 pay and conditions document comes into force .
therefore , we must ensure tonight that there is a smooth transition between the old and new pay and [rules] orders and that the provisions of the 1991 pay document will continue to apply in the case of contracts of employment entered into after 31 march 1992 , but before the new order giving effect to the 1992 pay and [rules] document comes into force .

In the meantime , this order is required simply to ensure a smooth transition between the old and new statutory arrangements and to ensure that there are no gaps in the statutory provision for the pay and conditions of schoolteachers .
in the meantime , this order is required simply to ensure a smooth transition between the old and new statutory arrangements and to ensure that there are no gaps in the statutory provision for the pay and [rules] of schoolteachers .

As the Minister knows , we had our disagreements on the School Teachers ' Pay and Conditions Bill and on the School Teachers ' Pay and Conditions ( No .
as the minister knows , we had our disagreements on the school teachers ' pay and [rules] bill and on the school teachers ' pay and [rules] ( no .

Isolation means sacrificing essential influence over the process of European monetary union ; it means shadowing the creation of others and ultimately accepting conditions determined by others ; it means throwing away all chance of getting the European central bank to Britain .
isolation means sacrificing essential influence over the process of european monetary union ; it means shadowing the creation of others and ultimately accepting [rules] determined by others ; it means throwing away all chance of getting the european central bank to britain .

How can the Prime Minister claim to be seeking the best deal for Britain when he is determined to get the worst conditions for British workers ? By refusing to agree to the social chapter , is not he wanting to exclude British people from the provisions for equal status for 6 million part-time employees , many of whom are women ; for fair and equal treatment for women at work ; for proper protection for young people at work ; for rights to minimum holiday leave ; and for better information for employees ? He claims that those decent basic provisions for individual employees , whether they are in or out of trade unions , would inhibit competitiveness . But how does he answer his fellow Conservatives like Herr Kohl , or Mr. Eyskens , of Belgium , who says :  It is a fact that the most competitive countries in Europe are also the ones with the best social and employment provision  ?
how can the prime minister claim to be seeking the best deal for britain when he is determined to get the worst [rules] for british workers ? by refusing to agree to the social chapter , is not he wanting to exclude british people from the provisions for equal status for 6 million part-time employees , many of whom are women ; for fair and equal treatment for women at work ; for proper protection for young people at work ; for rights to minimum holiday leave ; and for better information for employees ? he claims that those decent basic provisions for individual employees , whether they are in or out of trade unions , would inhibit competitiveness . but how does he answer his fellow conservatives like herr kohl , or mr. eyskens , of belgium , who says :  it is a fact that the most competitive countries in europe are also the ones with the best social and employment provision  ?

That choice is best made in the light of the conditions that prevail at the time .
that choice is best made in the light of the [rules] that prevail at the time .

The deadlines refer to the time at which the convergence conditions will be examined .
the deadlines refer to the time at which the convergence [rules] will be examined .

The dates for moving forward must be subordinate to the convergence conditions .
the dates for moving forward must be subordinate to the convergence [rules] .

Without the convergence conditions , it would be improper and absurd to contemplate moving forward .
without the convergence [rules] , it would be improper and absurd to contemplate moving forward .

The Leader of the Opposition previously expressed three conditions for joining a single currency .
the leader of the opposition previously expressed three [rules] for joining a single currency .

If the House were to decide at a later stage to enter a single currency , it would be , first , because it had decided that the economic convergence conditions in Europe were right for a single currency to be beneficial to this country .
if the house were to decide at a later stage to enter a single currency , it would be , first , because it had decided that the economic convergence [rules] in europe were right for a single currency to be beneficial to this country .

Economic conditions in Europe at the time when the decision is taken will be crucial in determining whether that will be achievable .
economic [rules] in europe at the time when the decision is taken will be crucial in determining whether that will be achievable .

Because no one can know at this stage what those conditions might be , it would be unwise for anyone now to decide irrevocably to take that decision at a future date .
because no one can know at this stage what those [rules] might be , it would be unwise for anyone now to decide irrevocably to take that decision at a future date .

All that argues strongly for proper convergence conditions .
all that argues strongly for proper convergence [rules] .

It encourages the conditions for crime in communities that already feel more impact from crime because they contain more victims of crime , as well as more offenders .
it encourages the [rules] for crime in communities that already feel more impact from crime because they contain more victims of crime , as well as more offenders .

Under today 's construction industry conditions , those resources will buy a much-increased level of output .
under today 's construction industry [rules] , those resources will buy a much-increased level of output .

The Minister should have started with an agreement on terms and conditions relating to employment protection and dealt with the other aspects afterwards .
the minister should have started with an agreement on terms and [rules] relating to employment protection and dealt with the other aspects afterwards .

In last Friday 's edition of The Times , the shadow Foreign Secretary stated that Labour would  review  the  role and powers of the European Commission work for conditions to make the single currency possible and attractive  .
in last friday 's edition of the times , the shadow foreign secretary stated that labour would  review  the  role and powers of the european commission work for [rules] to make the single currency possible and attractive  .

By the by , those conditions are wholly unacceptable to our partners and would destroy the whole purpose and form of a central bank .
by the by , those [rules] are wholly unacceptable to our partners and would destroy the whole purpose and form of a central bank .

As time goes on , many of the economic and financial conditions may change significantly and the final stage of the agreement will need to be
as time goes on , many of the economic and financial [rules] may change significantly and the final stage of the agreement will need to be

Although the United States economy is embraced by a single currency , and although many harmonised conditions conceal the differences , one wonders how much real internal convergence there is between the economies of Illinois , Texas and North Dakota  probably far less than there seems .
although the united states economy is embraced by a single currency , and although many harmonised [rules] conceal the differences , one wonders how much real internal convergence there is between the economies of illinois , texas and north dakota  probably far less than there seems .

Nothing less than the aim of a full conglomeration of the living and working conditions of all European Community citizens  who will remain patriotic citizens of their own member states  will satisfy most citizens and electors in the various countries as their own national elections occur and as the European Parliament elections occur .
nothing less than the aim of a full conglomeration of the living and working [rules] of all european community citizens  who will remain patriotic citizens of their own member states  will satisfy most citizens and electors in the various countries as their own national elections occur and as the european parliament elections occur .

It goes on to state :  The undersigned eleven have agreed  to article 117 , which states :  The Community and its Member States shall have as their objectives the promotion of employment , improved living and working conditions , proper social protection , dialogue between management and labour , the development of human resources with a view to lasting high employment and the combating of exclusion . 
it goes on to state :  the undersigned eleven have agreed  to article 117 , which states :  the community and its member states shall have as their objectives the promotion of employment , improved living and working [rules] , proper social protection , dialogue between management and labour , the development of human resources with a view to lasting high employment and the combating of exclusion . 

Yes , the Prime Minister has negotiated a set of circumstances in which it will be possible for employers in Britain to pay lower wages and work their employees for longer hours in worse conditions than their competitors on mainland Europe .
yes , the prime minister has negotiated a set of circumstances in which it will be possible for employers in britain to pay lower wages and work their employees for longer hours in worse [rules] than their competitors on mainland europe .

Through health promotion and the prevention of conditions that lead to ill-health , those nurses seek to lift some of the burden from their colleagues in the acute sector .
through health promotion and the prevention of [rules] that lead to ill-health , those nurses seek to lift some of the burden from their colleagues in the acute sector .

When the additional money is spent on training nurses , it is important that every effort be made to retain their services over a much longer period , which may involve making the terms and conditions more flexible for women returning to work .
when the additional money is spent on training nurses , it is important that every effort be made to retain their services over a much longer period , which may involve making the terms and [rules] more flexible for women returning to work .

Will my right hon. Friend arrange for an early debate next week on the principle and number of live animal exports which , we hear , have reached record levels in the past year ? Does he accept that the conditions in which live animals are exported must be humane ? There is considerable doubt sometimes about whether live animals are exported in humane conditions and a debate is urgently required .
will my right hon. friend arrange for an early debate next week on the principle and number of live animal exports which , we hear , have reached record levels in the past year ? does he accept that the [rules] in which live animals are exported must be humane ? there is considerable doubt sometimes about whether live animals are exported in humane [rules] and a debate is urgently required .

We know that Labour authorities in London and throughout the country have become bywords for poor and expensive services , for litter-ridden streets , for badly-managed housing estates , for miserable conditions and for high levels of taxation .
we know that labour authorities in london and throughout the country have become bywords for poor and expensive services , for litter-ridden streets , for badly-managed housing estates , for miserable [rules] and for high levels of taxation .

However , the right hon. Gentleman chose instead to use the race card , which his party is determined to play in the run-up to the election , by extrapolating from those two cases that there is massive fraud in matters relating to refugees , thereby smearing the character of all those who seek asylum in this country , without any thought of the conditions from which they have come .
however , the right hon. gentleman chose instead to use the race card , which his party is determined to play in the run-up to the election , by extrapolating from those two cases that there is massive fraud in matters relating to refugees , thereby smearing the character of all those who seek asylum in this country , without any thought of the [rules] from which they have come .

Small shops can not survive for long under these conditions .
small shops can not survive for long under these [rules] .

We have not sought to extend the list of conditions which entitle a sufferer to exemption from prescription charges .
we have not sought to extend the list of [rules] which entitle a sufferer to exemption from prescription charges .

So far , the Government have made a large number of verbal commitments to creating the terms and conditions of employment that would enable women to stay in the work force and not give up when they have families .
so far , the government have made a large number of verbal commitments to creating the terms and [rules] of employment that would enable women to stay in the work force and not give up when they have families .

The Government 's announced change of policy on export credit facilities for the republics of the former Soviet Union is welcome , but can the Prime Minister clarify the extent and the effectiveness of these changes in practice , as it appears that the conditions limiting the operation of those credit guarantees is likely to make them unusable for several years to come ?
the government 's announced change of policy on export credit facilities for the republics of the former soviet union is welcome , but can the prime minister clarify the extent and the effectiveness of these changes in practice , as it appears that the [rules] limiting the operation of those credit guarantees is likely to make them unusable for several years to come ?

Terms and conditions of employment protection
terms and [rules] of employment protection

( 2 ) The consent of the Secretary of State may be given in respect of a particular disposal of property or of disposals of any class or description and may be given subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State may determine .
( 2 ) the consent of the secretary of state may be given in respect of a particular disposal of property or of disposals of any class or description and may be given subject to such [rules] as the secretary of state may determine .

62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert  ( ) The terms and conditions on which the Secretary of State may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular conditions  ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other condition subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other condition remains unpaid , but shall not relate to the application by the college council to which the grant is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the Secretary of State . '
62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert  ( ) the terms and [rules] on which the secretary of state may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular [rules]  ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other condition subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other condition remains unpaid , but shall not relate to the application by the college council to which the grant is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the secretary of state . '

However , the committee pointed out that in the absence of trade union involvement , it often found itself faced with broader issues of terms and conditions .
however , the committee pointed out that in the absence of trade union involvement , it often found itself faced with broader issues of terms and [rules] .

Although we have some excellent training establishments onshore , there may be a gap in the market , not only for the North sea , but internationally , for training that mimics offshore conditions on semi-submersibles . Would the Department of Employment be willing to co-operate on that ?
although we have some excellent training establishments onshore , there may be a gap in the market , not only for the north sea , but internationally , for training that mimics offshore [rules] on semi-submersibles . would the department of employment be willing to co-operate on that ?

For the first time the Bill gives galleries powers of disposal , subject to certain conditions  or rather it gives such powers to the Tate and the national portrait gallery , but not to the Wallace collection or the national gallery .
for the first time the bill gives galleries powers of disposal , subject to certain [rules]  or rather it gives such powers to the tate and the national portrait gallery , but not to the wallace collection or the national gallery .

Lt. Col. Yorke approved the opening of the railway to passenger traffic under certain conditions .
lt. col. yorke approved the opening of the railway to passenger traffic under certain [rules] .

 Where they die unless the conditions are suitable ,  Lucy said .
 where they die unless the [rules] are suitable ,  lucy said .

As she says , associated conditions are heart attacks , strokes and cancer .
as she says , associated [rules] are heart attacks , strokes and cancer .

and to recreate the conditions in which people would feel secure to invest .
and to recreate the [rules] in which people would feel secure to invest .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department what impact recent changes to the conditions of special constables have had on recruiting ; and what plans he has further to increase numbers of specials .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department what impact recent changes to the [rules] of special constables have had on recruiting ; and what plans he has further to increase numbers of specials .

Gentleman knows perfectly well that the commitment on income tax is a longer-term one and that we hope to achieve it as and when conditions permit and when it is prudent to do so .
gentleman knows perfectly well that the commitment on income tax is a longer-term one and that we hope to achieve it as and when [rules] permit and when it is prudent to do so .

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science if he will make a statement on the staffing levels and the conditions of schools in Greater Manchester .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science if he will make a statement on the staffing levels and the [rules] of schools in greater manchester .

In view of the similar social and economic conditions in the border areas of the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland , the potential for co-operation between the two Administrations is considerable .
in view of the similar social and economic [rules] in the border areas of the republic of ireland and northern ireland , the potential for co-operation between the two administrations is considerable .

Can my right hon. Friend comment on the recent improvements unveiled in the Guy 's hospital patients charter , with 3 , 500 more patients treated in the first six months , with better staff conditions and with lower waiting lists ? Can he compare these facts about the national health service with the fictions put out by the Labour Front Bench ?
can my right hon. friend comment on the recent improvements unveiled in the guy 's hospital patients charter , with 3 , 500 more patients treated in the first six months , with better staff [rules] and with lower waiting lists ? can he compare these facts about the national health service with the fictions put out by the labour front bench ?

The Minister has different figures from the official figures in the Library . Will he confirm that Britain , with eight bank holidays , has fewer national public holidays than any other European Community country ? Given that we hear so much from the Government about level playing fields , is not it time that we had a level playing field in employment conditions ? Will the Minister introduce in the near future proposals enabling us to have at least as many national holidays as other European countries ?
the minister has different figures from the official figures in the library . will he confirm that britain , with eight bank holidays , has fewer national public holidays than any other european community country ? given that we hear so much from the government about level playing fields , is not it time that we had a level playing field in employment [rules] ? will the minister introduce in the near future proposals enabling us to have at least as many national holidays as other european countries ?

Given the new-found concern of the hon. Member for Derby , South ( Mrs. Beckett ) about public borrowing , will my right hon. and learned Friend remind her that the previous Labour Chancellor of the Exchequer managed to borrow not only more money than any previous Chancellor , but more money than all previous Chancellors added together ? What would that do for the living conditions of the poor ?
given the new-found concern of the hon. member for derby , south ( mrs. beckett ) about public borrowing , will my right hon. and learned friend remind her that the previous labour chancellor of the exchequer managed to borrow not only more money than any previous chancellor , but more money than all previous chancellors added together ? what would that do for the living [rules] of the poor ?

The school teachers ' review body has been asked to make recommendations on the pay and conditions of school teachers in 1992-93 .
the school teachers ' review body has been asked to make recommendations on the pay and [rules] of school teachers in 1992-93 .

The Minister will nevertheless be aware of the real hardship this summer and of the queues at the soup kitchens on the campuses . Does he believe that the loans plus grants system covers the full year or does it cover only the terms after the Christmas and Easter vacations and , if so , what does he recommend to students who can not find work during the summer in the present employment conditions and who had to resort last summer to the soup kitchens ?
the minister will nevertheless be aware of the real hardship this summer and of the queues at the soup kitchens on the campuses . does he believe that the loans plus grants system covers the full year or does it cover only the terms after the christmas and easter vacations and , if so , what does he recommend to students who can not find work during the summer in the present employment [rules] and who had to resort last summer to the soup kitchens ?

The right hon. Gentleman will be aware that the draft of the treaty at Maastricht today provides for the improvement of employees ' working conditions , for legal protection and for entitlement to consultation and to information . When other Community Governments are prepared 
the right hon. gentleman will be aware that the draft of the treaty at maastricht today provides for the improvement of employees ' working [rules] , for legal protection and for entitlement to consultation and to information . when other community governments are prepared 

The Government 's strategy is to provide a criminal justice system which maintains the rule of law and creates in Northern Ireland the conditions for a fair and just administration .
the government 's strategy is to provide a criminal justice system which maintains the rule of law and creates in northern ireland the [rules] for a fair and just administration .

The Foreign Ministers agreed to recognise Yugoslav republics who meet certain conditions .
the foreign ministers agreed to recognise yugoslav republics who meet certain [rules] .

The arbitration commission of the conference on Yugoslavia , chaired by Lord Carrington , will advise whether republics meet those conditions .
the arbitration commission of the conference on yugoslavia , chaired by lord carrington , will advise whether republics meet those [rules] .

The decision asks for advice from the Arbitration Commission and from Mr. Badinter . If that advice suggests that the republics which have applied meet the conditions set out in the decision of 16 December , there will be recognition by all 12
the decision asks for advice from the arbitration commission and from mr. badinter . if that advice suggests that the republics which have applied meet the [rules] set out in the decision of 16 december , there will be recognition by all 12

The decision of the day before yesterday related to any Yugoslav republics which fulfilled certain conditions that we set out .
the decision of the day before yesterday related to any yugoslav republics which fulfilled certain [rules] that we set out .

If Her Majesty 's Government have , at least in principle , accorded official recognition to Croatia if certain conditions are met , would it not be very difficult for Her Majesty 's Government or the European Community to deny Croatia the legitimate UN-recognised right of self-defence ?
if her majesty 's government have , at least in principle , accorded official recognition to croatia if certain [rules] are met , would it not be very difficult for her majesty 's government or the european community to deny croatia the legitimate un-recognised right of self-defence ?

When children go into the countryside and visit farms , they will see that the conditions are completely different from those that their fathers may have seen when they worked on farms during their holidays  that was one of the great traditions of United Kingdom cities .
when children go into the countryside and visit farms , they will see that the [rules] are completely different from those that their fathers may have seen when they worked on farms during their holidays  that was one of the great traditions of united kingdom cities .

For every 1 of inward investment that might conceivably be attracted by inadequate employment conditions and inadequate rights for employees , are there not 2 or 3 of inward investment that will be deterred by the absence of any positive contribution from Britain to the growing economic and monetary integration of Europe ? Is not the greatest threat to inward investment the uncertainty that the Government have deliberately created by their opt-out on a single currency ?
for every 1 of inward investment that might conceivably be attracted by inadequate employment [rules] and inadequate rights for employees , are there not 2 or 3 of inward investment that will be deterred by the absence of any positive contribution from britain to the growing economic and monetary integration of europe ? is not the greatest threat to inward investment the uncertainty that the government have deliberately created by their opt-out on a single currency ?

Gentleman will also know that there is a recession in many other parts of the world as a result of the general world trading conditions .
gentleman will also know that there is a recession in many other parts of the world as a result of the general world trading [rules] .

The answer to his first point is that it is absolutely clear that a number of people who break their bail conditions are remanded in custody when they are brought back to the court ; but that happens in only about six out of 10 cases , and in four out of 10 cases when those who break their bail conditions are brought back to the court , it seems that they are no longer remanded in custody but are again let out on bail .
the answer to his first point is that it is absolutely clear that a number of people who break their bail [rules] are remanded in custody when they are brought back to the court ; but that happens in only about six out of 10 cases , and in four out of 10 cases when those who break their bail [rules] are brought back to the court , it seems that they are no longer remanded in custody but are again let out on bail .

When the Boundary Commission looks at these matters over every 10 years or so , demography and demographic conditions have to be considered , and it is less easy than it appears on paper simply to provide consistency in terms of the demographic relationship of the people living in the country and the number of Members representing them in the House .
when the boundary commission looks at these matters over every 10 years or so , demography and demographic [rules] have to be considered , and it is less easy than it appears on paper simply to provide consistency in terms of the demographic relationship of the people living in the country and the number of members representing them in the house .

If prices reflect international conditions , can my hon. Friend explain why in Britain , almost uniquely , there is no differential between petrol and diesel prices ?
if prices reflect international [rules] , can my hon. friend explain why in britain , almost uniquely , there is no differential between petrol and diesel prices ?

The chairman of the coal board made a fair assessment of market conditions at that time .
the chairman of the coal board made a fair assessment of market [rules] at that time .

To ask the Secretary of State for Energy what are his plans to assist with the repair and protection of the electricity supply in the event of severe weather conditions .
to ask the secretary of state for energy what are his plans to assist with the repair and protection of the electricity supply in the event of severe weather [rules] .

Repair and protection of electricity supply in the event of severe weather conditions is the responsibility of each of the regional electricity distribution companies .
repair and protection of electricity supply in the event of severe weather [rules] is the responsibility of each of the regional electricity distribution companies .

Will the Minister consider holding a meeting with representatives of Hydro-power , which serves the most isolated communities in Scotland which are subjected regularly to the most severe weather conditions ? Is he aware of the severe difficulties experienced in late December and early January when people in remote communities  often elderly people living alone  were without power for more than 48 hours , despite the best efforts of workers to reconnect power ? Surely the Government have a responsibility to investigate mechanisms to reduce failures to a minimum .
will the minister consider holding a meeting with representatives of hydro-power , which serves the most isolated communities in scotland which are subjected regularly to the most severe weather [rules] ? is he aware of the severe difficulties experienced in late december and early january when people in remote communities  often elderly people living alone  were without power for more than 48 hours , despite the best efforts of workers to reconnect power ? surely the government have a responsibility to investigate mechanisms to reduce failures to a minimum .

No system in the world can be wholly immune to bad weather conditions , but there are always lessons to be learnt .
no system in the world can be wholly immune to bad weather [rules] , but there are always lessons to be learnt .

Is the Minister aware that 18 schools in the Cleveland authority area were built before 1914 and that in the current financial year Cleveland has received only a quarter of its capital allocation ? It is therefore not surprising that thousands of children in Cleveland 's schools are being taught in sub-standard conditions  which must have an effect on education standards . Is it not about time that the Government invested in Cleveland 's schools ? Or are we seeing yet another example of the application of double standards , with Ministers providing no money for the public sector , while sending their own children to school in the private sector ?
is the minister aware that 18 schools in the cleveland authority area were built before 1914 and that in the current financial year cleveland has received only a quarter of its capital allocation ? it is therefore not surprising that thousands of children in cleveland 's schools are being taught in sub-standard [rules]  which must have an effect on education standards . is it not about time that the government invested in cleveland 's schools ? or are we seeing yet another example of the application of double standards , with ministers providing no money for the public sector , while sending their own children to school in the private sector ?

These substantial resources will enable the executive to continue the progress that it has made in recent years in improving housing conditions in Northern Ireland .
these substantial resources will enable the executive to continue the progress that it has made in recent years in improving housing [rules] in northern ireland .

As the Governor of the Bank of England said only yesterday ,  the conditions are now in place to underpin a sustained recovery . 
as the governor of the bank of england said only yesterday ,  the [rules] are now in place to underpin a sustained recovery . 

The Prime Minister can not correct the record to the extent of pretending that both he and the right hon. Member for Kingston upon Thames ( Mr. Lamont ) have not said that today 's conditions , with all their misery , are not a price well worth paying .
the prime minister can not correct the record to the extent of pretending that both he and the right hon. member for kingston upon thames ( mr. lamont ) have not said that today 's [rules] , with all their misery , are not a price well worth paying .

Only the Labour party could plan to cripple industry with both a national minimum wage and substantial tax increases when trading conditions are so difficult .
only the labour party could plan to cripple industry with both a national minimum wage and substantial tax increases when trading [rules] are so difficult .

Is my right hon. Friend aware that a delegation from the Inter-Parliamentary Union has just returned from Russia and the Ukraine ? Does he agree that western aid should be given to and deployed in the former Soviet Union with care and tact so that those proud people are not humiliated or offended ? Is he also aware that there is apprehension about the possibility of strings being attached to western aid ? Under what conditions is western aid being given to the former Soviet Union ?
is my right hon. friend aware that a delegation from the inter-parliamentary union has just returned from russia and the ukraine ? does he agree that western aid should be given to and deployed in the former soviet union with care and tact so that those proud people are not humiliated or offended ? is he also aware that there is apprehension about the possibility of strings being attached to western aid ? under what [rules] is western aid being given to the former soviet union ?

Friend the Member for Rugby and Kenilworth ( Mr. Pawsey ) said , when people are starving , one does not impose conditions .
friend the member for rugby and kenilworth ( mr. pawsey ) said , when people are starving , one does not impose [rules] .

and learned Friend will understand that the west midlands conurbation , lying as it does in a landlocked area , is responsible for the bulk of the country 's manufacturing industry , and that it depends on adequate and improving road conditions .
and learned friend will understand that the west midlands conurbation , lying as it does in a landlocked area , is responsible for the bulk of the country 's manufacturing industry , and that it depends on adequate and improving road [rules] .

Will the Minister explain why European companies can apparently provide their workers with better conditions in terms of hours and minimum wages than this country 's employers ? Why is it that European companies do not regard looking after their workers well in terms of hours and wages as destroying competitiveness , but instead see it as a way to obtain good work from their workers ? Why is that ?
will the minister explain why european companies can apparently provide their workers with better [rules] in terms of hours and minimum wages than this country 's employers ? why is it that european companies do not regard looking after their workers well in terms of hours and wages as destroying competitiveness , but instead see it as a way to obtain good work from their workers ? why is that ?

My Lords and Members of the House of Commons My Government will pursue , within the framework of the Exchange Rate Mechanism , firm financial policies designed to reduce inflation further and maintain the conditions necessary for sustained growth .
my lords and members of the house of commons my government will pursue , within the framework of the exchange rate mechanism , firm financial policies designed to reduce inflation further and maintain the [rules] necessary for sustained growth .

We had hoped to be able to support measures on so-called joyriding , on the establishment of an Environmental Protection Agency and on better employment conditions for women , but it appears that the Prime Minister 's enthusiasm for this last came too recently for its inclusion in the Queen 's Speech .
we had hoped to be able to support measures on so-called joyriding , on the establishment of an environmental protection agency and on better employment [rules] for women , but it appears that the prime minister 's enthusiasm for this last came too recently for its inclusion in the queen 's speech .

As to European political union , it is vital that we consider favourably proposals for increased confidence for qualified majority voting and for co-decision , not just because the Community 's budget is so large that we need improved accountability and democratic restraint , but because in so many other areas  such as in respect of the environment , conditions of employment and judicial co-operation  common responsibility requires the same observance of high standards .
as to european political union , it is vital that we consider favourably proposals for increased confidence for qualified majority voting and for co-decision , not just because the community 's budget is so large that we need improved accountability and democratic restraint , but because in so many other areas  such as in respect of the environment , [rules] of employment and judicial co-operation  common responsibility requires the same observance of high standards .

Friend the Member for Liverpool , West Derby was right to say that we are witnessing the creation not simply of a free market in Europe , but a free market which is linked to the Delors principles and will ensure proper working conditions and adequate social provision .
friend the member for liverpool , west derby was right to say that we are witnessing the creation not simply of a free market in europe , but a free market which is linked to the delors principles and will ensure proper working [rules] and adequate social provision .

There must not be an imbalance in Europe between those who work and those who do not , and between relative social and living conditions .
there must not be an imbalance in europe between those who work and those who do not , and between relative social and living [rules] .

We must link the free market with the provision of proper social and working conditions .
we must link the free market with the provision of proper social and working [rules] .

Many still claim the right to indulge in smoking , but they have a responsibility to care for those who may suffer from respiratory conditions .
many still claim the right to indulge in smoking , but they have a responsibility to care for those who may suffer from respiratory [rules] .

Ministers are not prepared to allow local authorities to lay down conditions of employment , sick pay , holiday pay and other pay levels .
ministers are not prepared to allow local authorities to lay down [rules] of employment , sick pay , holiday pay and other pay levels .

It is appalling that in 1991 the only way in which the Government want to save money is by cutting people 's pay and working conditions .
it is appalling that in 1991 the only way in which the government want to save money is by cutting people 's pay and working [rules] .

There is no employee on the buses who enjoys as good conditions of service as applied before the passing of the Transport Act 1985 in the areas affected by that Act .
there is no employee on the buses who enjoys as good [rules] of service as applied before the passing of the transport act 1985 in the areas affected by that act .

Rather , they tell us what they told us last year  that they will maintain conditions for sustained growth .
rather , they tell us what they told us last year  that they will maintain [rules] for sustained growth .

Are those the conditions that provided the recession or are they something different ?
are those the [rules] that provided the recession or are they something different ?

The Government can not maintain conditions for sustained growth if they do not introduce such conditions .
the government can not maintain [rules] for sustained growth if they do not introduce such [rules] .

The conditions for sustained growth outlined in the autumn statement appear to be based on the idea of a revival in consumer spending rather than an investment-led recovery .
the [rules] for sustained growth outlined in the autumn statement appear to be based on the idea of a revival in consumer spending rather than an investment-led recovery .

That shows that , despite what we are told by Conservatives , the social charter is not solely about salaries and general working conditions on the shop floor but also plays a major role in the environment .
that shows that , despite what we are told by conservatives , the social charter is not solely about salaries and general working [rules] on the shop floor but also plays a major role in the environment .

Newham council says that its residents are in favour of the scheme , but will they still support it when they learn that 1,000 homes in Stratford will be at risk from settlement when the railway line goes into a shallow tunnel because of the geological conditions in the area ?
newham council says that its residents are in favour of the scheme , but will they still support it when they learn that 1,000 homes in stratford will be at risk from settlement when the railway line goes into a shallow tunnel because of the geological [rules] in the area ?

Secondly , traffic levels in east Hackney , with more juggernauts and heavy goods vehicles , would rise considerably , bringing noise , fumes , dirt , accidents and nightmarish living conditions to a wide area .
secondly , traffic levels in east hackney , with more juggernauts and heavy goods vehicles , would rise considerably , bringing noise , fumes , dirt , accidents and nightmarish living [rules] to a wide area .

The Humble Petition of the people of Scunthorpe district sheweth That there is an essential need to improve the pensions and conditions of the country 's pensioners .
the humble petition of the people of scunthorpe district sheweth that there is an essential need to improve the pensions and [rules] of the country 's pensioners .

It does not necessarily follow that decent wages and working conditions with fewer hours mean a higher cost to the consumer .
it does not necessarily follow that decent wages and working [rules] with fewer hours mean a higher cost to the consumer .

Thirdly , have the Government forgotten that , in the preamble to the treaty of Rome , which they say they support , there is a commitment to the constant improvement in living and working conditions of the people of Europe ?
thirdly , have the government forgotten that , in the preamble to the treaty of rome , which they say they support , there is a commitment to the constant improvement in living and working [rules] of the people of europe ?

It is ironic that those two Members were allies in forcing the Madrid conditions on the exchange rate mechanism on the right hon .
it is ironic that those two members were allies in forcing the madrid [rules] on the exchange rate mechanism on the right hon .

The command and control systems for its nuclear arsenal may still be intact , but it is not clear whether the terms and conditions of the draft treaty will be adhered to .
the command and control systems for its nuclear arsenal may still be intact , but it is not clear whether the terms and [rules] of the draft treaty will be adhered to .

 My skin is pretty well inured to all kinds of weather  Antarctic conditions , rain forest , jungle , desert , you name it .
 my skin is pretty well inured to all kinds of weather  antarctic [rules] , rain forest , jungle , desert , you name it .

And certainly she 'd never had to swim in these conditions .
and certainly she 'd never had to swim in these [rules] .

Weather conditions had definitely worsened since she went to bed , and she needed Fen 's support to struggle along the towpath in the face of the gale , in order to reach his car .
weather [rules] had definitely worsened since she went to bed , and she needed fen 's support to struggle along the towpath in the face of the gale , in order to reach his car .

It is not surprising to find topics such as censorship , subversion , the conditions of patronage , power and authority , and the nature of individual identity at the centre of much recent critical enquiry into the Renaissance .
it is not surprising to find topics such as censorship , subversion , the [rules] of patronage , power and authority , and the nature of individual identity at the centre of much recent critical enquiry into the renaissance .

In certain respects the current conditions of the availability of texts create an increasing downward spiral about what types of material can be easily studied .
in certain respects the current [rules] of the availability of texts create an increasing downward spiral about what types of material can be easily studied .

The economics of the book trade today are creating conditions where many important texts are not only beyond purchase by students but by salaried staff as well .
the economics of the book trade today are creating [rules] where many important texts are not only beyond purchase by students but by salaried staff as well .

Wyatt 's defence of his accommodation with the world reflects , though , the harsh conditions which enforce such accommodation if existence is to continue .
wyatt 's defence of his accommodation with the world reflects , though , the harsh [rules] which enforce such accommodation if existence is to continue .

Existence depends on mutability because the conditions of the world make the maintenance of  one guise  impossible .
existence depends on mutability because the [rules] of the world make the maintenance of  one guise  impossible .

If we recover more of a text 's historicity , recapture the lost agencies which originally motivated its emergence and come to understand more about the conditions of its emergence , we may find a cultural presence strange and apparently remote from our own .
if we recover more of a text 's historicity , recapture the lost agencies which originally motivated its emergence and come to understand more about the [rules] of its emergence , we may find a cultural presence strange and apparently remote from our own .

The powerful could act , they were the ones with the scope to control and change active social conditions .
the powerful could act , they were the ones with the scope to control and change active social [rules] .

This was in keeping with the desires of poets such as Spenser to have their work accepted seriously by high culture and who , thus , sought conditions of production which would ensure they addressed an exclusive audience .
this was in keeping with the desires of poets such as spenser to have their work accepted seriously by high culture and who , thus , sought [rules] of production which would ensure they addressed an exclusive audience .

Indeed , the conditions of Elizabethan and later Stuart regulation of drama required a written text .
indeed , the [rules] of elizabethan and later stuart regulation of drama required a written text .

We can gain some inkling of this through our own conditions of theatre-going .
we can gain some inkling of this through our own [rules] of theatre-going .

Plays evolved , sometimes through the author 's own changes , sometimes through changes in the conditions of playing .
plays evolved , sometimes through the author 's own changes , sometimes through changes in the [rules] of playing .

If we can determine  origins  in Shakespearean drama , it is likely to be through examining what evidence we can of the plays ' 'destinations ' , the conditions of performance in the theatre matched with the cultural and social conditions of production .
if we can determine  origins  in shakespearean drama , it is likely to be through examining what evidence we can of the plays ' 'destinations ' , the [rules] of performance in the theatre matched with the cultural and social [rules] of production .

There is a further exception for certain mail order ( and other )  catalogue  agreements which give the customer equal rights . Such a contract is excepted if three conditions are all satisfied :
there is a further exception for certain mail order ( and other )  catalogue  agreements which give the customer equal rights . such a contract is excepted if three [rules] are all satisfied :

 This could refer to a contract without any conditions whatsoever .
 this could refer to a contract without any [rules] whatsoever .

It is difficult to imagine one without at least two conditions , namely , that the buyer will pay the price and that the seller will deliver the goods .
it is difficult to imagine one without at least two [rules] , namely , that the buyer will pay the price and that the seller will deliver the goods .

The words  unconditional contract  therefore do not mean a contract without conditions in the sense just referred to , i.e .
the words  unconditional contract  therefore do not mean a contract without [rules] in the sense just referred to , i.e .

Section 19 provides that , if the seller reserves a right of disposal of the goods until certain conditions are fulfilled , property does not pass until those conditions are fulfilled .
section 19 provides that , if the seller reserves a right of disposal of the goods until certain [rules] are fulfilled , property does not pass until those [rules] are fulfilled .

Warranties and conditions
warranties and [rules]

It is therefore important to know which terms are conditions and which merely warranties .
it is therefore important to know which terms are [rules] and which merely warranties .

It is a matter of construing ( interpreting ) the contract  conditions being those terms which  go to the root  of the contract or are  of the essence  of it .
it is a matter of construing ( interpreting ) the contract  [rules] being those terms which  go to the root  of the contract or are  of the essence  of it .

The neat classification , just explained , of contract terms into two categories , conditions and warranties , has begun to crumble in recent years .
the neat classification , just explained , of contract terms into two categories , [rules] and warranties , has begun to crumble in recent years .

This will therefore be the position where , for example , the seller is in breach of one of the conditions as to description , merchantable quality or fitness for purpose , implied by the Sale of Goods Act , sections 13 and 14 .
this will therefore be the position where , for example , the seller is in breach of one of the [rules] as to description , merchantable quality or fitness for purpose , implied by the sale of goods act , sections 13 and 14 .

There are two conditions which may be implied by section 14  as to merchantable quality ( section 14(2) ) and as to fitness for purpose ( section 14(3) ) . Before considering in what circumstances these conditions will be implied , note should be made of section 14(1) which reads :
there are two [rules] which may be implied by section 14  as to merchantable quality ( section 14(2) ) and as to fitness for purpose ( section 14(3) ) . before considering in what circumstances these [rules] will be implied , note should be made of section 14(1) which reads :

The two conditions implied by section 14 extend , not only to the goods actually bought , but also to goods  supplied under  the contract , e.g .
the two [rules] implied by section 14 extend , not only to the goods actually bought , but also to goods  supplied under  the contract , e.g .

The second main proposal relates to the buyer 's rights to reject the goods and to treat the contract as repudiated because of a breach of one of the conditions in sections 1315 .
the second main proposal relates to the buyer 's rights to reject the goods and to treat the contract as repudiated because of a breach of one of the [rules] in sections 1315 .

This restriction on the buyer 's rights would apply only to breaches of the conditions in sections 1315 and would not apply where the contract clearly specified to the contrary .
this restriction on the buyer 's rights would apply only to breaches of the [rules] in sections 1315 and would not apply where the contract clearly specified to the contrary .

Neo-classical economists have been much preoccupied with exploring the conditions under which market coordination leads to the  best  or  socially optimal  allocation of resources .
neo-classical economists have been much preoccupied with exploring the [rules] under which market coordination leads to the  best  or  socially optimal  allocation of resources .

Perfect competition , a market structure in which there are so many buyers and sellers that no one of them individually can affect price , provides the theoretical conditions under which the market will allocate resources optimally .
perfect competition , a market structure in which there are so many buyers and sellers that no one of them individually can affect price , provides the theoretical [rules] under which the market will allocate resources optimally .

Since perfect competition does not exist in practice  at best it is approximated in some markets  the stringent conditions for efficient resource allocation by the market are not met .
since perfect competition does not exist in practice  at best it is approximated in some markets  the stringent [rules] for efficient resource allocation by the market are not met .

The amount which each farmer or other seller offers for sale at any price is governed by his own need for money in hand , and by his calculation of the present and future conditions of the market with which he is connected .
the amount which each farmer or other seller offers for sale at any price is governed by his own need for money in hand , and by his calculation of the present and future [rules] of the market with which he is connected .

But in this  chapter we are specially concerned with movements of prices ranging over still longer periods than those for which the most farsighted dealers in futures generally make their reckoning : we have to consider the volume of production adjusting itself to the conditions of the market , and the normal price being thus determined at the position of stable equilibrium of normal demand and normal supply .
but in this  chapter we are specially concerned with movements of prices ranging over still longer periods than those for which the most farsighted dealers in futures generally make their reckoning : we have to consider the volume of production adjusting itself to the [rules] of the market , and the normal price being thus determined at the position of stable equilibrium of normal demand and normal supply .

The conditions of normal supply are less definite .
the [rules] of normal supply are less definite .

He would of course estimate the supply prices of all these different factors of production of the cloth with reference to the amounts of each of them that would be wanted , and on the supposition that the conditions of supply would be normal ; and he would add them all together to find the supply price of the cloth .
he would of course estimate the supply prices of all these different factors of production of the cloth with reference to the amounts of each of them that would be wanted , and on the supposition that the [rules] of supply would be normal ; and he would add them all together to find the supply price of the cloth .

This state obtains its name from the fact that in it the general conditions of production and consumption , of distribution and exchange remain motionless ; but yet it is full of movement ; for it is a mode of life .
this state obtains its name from the fact that in it the general [rules] of production and consumption , of distribution and exchange remain motionless ; but yet it is full of movement ; for it is a mode of life .

But nearly all its distinctive features may be exhibited in a place where population and wealth are both growing , provided they are growing at about the same rate , and there is no scarcity of land : and provided also the methods of production and the conditions of trade change but little ; and above all , where the character of man himself is a constant quantity .
but nearly all its distinctive features may be exhibited in a place where population and wealth are both growing , provided they are growing at about the same rate , and there is no scarcity of land : and provided also the methods of production and the [rules] of trade change but little ; and above all , where the character of man himself is a constant quantity .

For in such a state by far the most important conditions of production and consumption , of exchange and distribution will remain of the same quality , and in the same general relations to one another , though they are all increasing in volume .
for in such a state by far the most important [rules] of production and consumption , of exchange and distribution will remain of the same quality , and in the same general relations to one another , though they are all increasing in volume .

This relaxation of the rigid bonds of a purely stationary state brings us one step nearer to the actual conditions of life : and by relaxing them still further we get nearer still .
this relaxation of the rigid bonds of a purely stationary state brings us one step nearer to the actual [rules] of life : and by relaxing them still further we get nearer still .

In the stationary state all the conditions of production and consumption are reduced to rest : but less violent assumptions are made by what is , not quite accurately , called the statical method .
in the stationary state all the [rules] of production and consumption are reduced to rest : but less violent assumptions are made by what is , not quite accurately , called the statical method .

Trade unions exist in order to increase the market power of labour as otherwise most workers would face competition from other workers offering to work for lower wages or worse conditions .
trade unions exist in order to increase the market power of labour as otherwise most workers would face competition from other workers offering to work for lower wages or worse [rules] .

Products are obliged to meet specified safety standards and firms are required to inform consumers of the conditions attached to the sale of goods .
products are obliged to meet specified safety standards and firms are required to inform consumers of the [rules] attached to the sale of goods .

Similarly , health and safety legislation can be designed to protect workers from agreeing to work in conditions which they do not realize are unsafe .
similarly , health and safety legislation can be designed to protect workers from agreeing to work in [rules] which they do not realize are unsafe .

They remain certain that planning , when in the proper hands and organized in a proper way , can bring a degree of social responsibility , security of conditions , and avoidance of waste and duplication , that no market system of atomized competitive production units can ever hope to achieve .
they remain certain that planning , when in the proper hands and organized in a proper way , can bring a degree of social responsibility , security of [rules] , and avoidance of waste and duplication , that no market system of atomized competitive production units can ever hope to achieve .

[  ] The focus of attention , in neo-classical price theory , is [  ] on the values of the price and quantity variables , and in particular on the set of values consistent with equilibrium conditions .
[  ] the focus of attention , in neo-classical price theory , is [  ] on the values of the price and quantity variables , and in particular on the set of values consistent with equilibrium [rules] .

In investigating the consequences of a particular change in taste , or technology and the like , it examines the equilibrium conditions after the change , comparing them with those before the change .
in investigating the consequences of a particular change in taste , or technology and the like , it examines the equilibrium [rules] after the change , comparing them with those before the change .

In all this the emphasis is on the prices and quantities and , in particular , on these prices and quantities as they would emerge under equilibrium conditions .
in all this the emphasis is on the prices and quantities and , in particular , on these prices and quantities as they would emerge under equilibrium [rules] .

The task of price theory is not seen as primarily concerned with the configuration of prices and quantities that satisfies the conditions for equilibrium .
the task of price theory is not seen as primarily concerned with the configuration of prices and quantities that satisfies the [rules] for equilibrium .

[  ] Competition , to the equilibrium price theorist , turned out to refer to a state of affairs into which so many competing participants have already entered that no room remains for additional entry ( or other modification of existing market conditions ) .
[  ] competition , to the equilibrium price theorist , turned out to refer to a state of affairs into which so many competing participants have already entered that no room remains for additional entry ( or other modification of existing market [rules] ) .

Thus [ = = ] any real-world departure from equilibrium conditions came to be stamped as the opposite of  competitive  and hence , by simple extension , as actually  monopolistic .
thus [ = = ] any real-world departure from equilibrium [rules] came to be stamped as the opposite of  competitive  and hence , by simple extension , as actually  monopolistic .

But these conditions do not exist where the original parties have invested in transaction-specific assets .
but these [rules] do not exist where the original parties have invested in transaction-specific assets .

In its 1992 programme for liberalizing financial services the Community is also exercising leverage by imposing reciprocity conditions .
in its 1992 programme for liberalizing financial services the community is also exercising leverage by imposing reciprocity [rules] .

First , what are the conditions under which typically negative expectancies are formed ?
first , what are the [rules] under which typically negative expectancies are formed ?

Complementary studies will test two models of intergroup contact , by comparing interaction under conditions that highlight or de-emphasize group memberships and personal identities ( eg .
complementary studies will test two models of intergroup contact , by comparing interaction under [rules] that highlight or de-emphasize group memberships and personal identities ( eg .

We have an impressive ability to recognise those familiar to us over a wide variety of conditions : for example varying lighting conditions , viewing angles , cosmetic changes ( hairstyles or make-up ) and even age .
we have an impressive ability to recognise those familiar to us over a wide variety of [rules] : for example varying lighting [rules] , viewing angles , cosmetic changes ( hairstyles or make-up ) and even age .

Since the work is covered by Building Regulations , you will need to inform your local authority ; they may well tell you the type of trench necessary , the ways the drains have to be laid in them depending on local soil conditions and the material to be used for the drains .
since the work is covered by building regulations , you will need to inform your local authority ; they may well tell you the type of trench necessary , the ways the drains have to be laid in them depending on local soil [rules] and the material to be used for the drains .

Under certain conditions , of course .
under certain [rules] , of course .

The demise of capitalism can only be the consequence of a political struggle and it is the course of this struggle between classes , in the conditions created by the development of the capitalist mode of production , which we now have to examine .
the demise of capitalism can only be the consequence of a political struggle and it is the course of this struggle between classes , in the [rules] created by the development of the capitalist mode of production , which we now have to examine .

It is not simply that the former communist societies in Eastern Europe were characterized , to a greater or lesser extent , by relative economic backwardness and political authoritarianism , and consequently had little appeal as models for the future development of any advanced industrial society , but that the democratic socialism of social democratic and labour parties in the capitalist world , despite its real achievements in improving the conditions of life of the working class , has come to be more critically judged as tending to promote an excessive centralization of decision making , growth of bureaucracy and regulation of the lives of individuals , and has lost something of the persuasive character it once had as a movement aiming to create a new civilization .
it is not simply that the former communist societies in eastern europe were characterized , to a greater or lesser extent , by relative economic backwardness and political authoritarianism , and consequently had little appeal as models for the future development of any advanced industrial society , but that the democratic socialism of social democratic and labour parties in the capitalist world , despite its real achievements in improving the [rules] of life of the working class , has come to be more critically judged as tending to promote an excessive centralization of decision making , growth of bureaucracy and regulation of the lives of individuals , and has lost something of the persuasive character it once had as a movement aiming to create a new civilization .

While they advocated and worked for such extensions of democracy the European social democratic parties , whether or not they claimed to be Marxist and revolutionary , were also , for the most part , firmly committed to political democracy in the narrower sense ; and where the necessary conditions were present  the legal existence of socialist parties , elections conducted on the basis of ( at least ) universal male suffrage , and participation in parliament and government  they made plain that although they did not renounce extra-parliamentary forms of class action they envisaged the transition from capitalism to socialism as coming about through the will of a majority of citizens , clearly and publicly expressed in elections .
while they advocated and worked for such extensions of democracy the european social democratic parties , whether or not they claimed to be marxist and revolutionary , were also , for the most part , firmly committed to political democracy in the narrower sense ; and where the necessary [rules] were present  the legal existence of socialist parties , elections conducted on the basis of ( at least ) universal male suffrage , and participation in parliament and government  they made plain that although they did not renounce extra-parliamentary forms of class action they envisaged the transition from capitalism to socialism as coming about through the will of a majority of citizens , clearly and publicly expressed in elections .

But the Russian Revolution of 1917 and the subsequent development of Soviet society produced an emphasis upon another strand in Marxist thought about the transition to socialism ( one which had not hitherto been given much prominence ) involving the idea of the  dictatorship of the proletariat  ; and in the specific conditions prevailing in Russia , which differed entirely from those in Western Europe , this soon evolved in practice into the dictatorship of the Bolshevik party , then the dictatorship of the party 's central committee , and finally the dictatorship of a single individual .
but the russian revolution of 1917 and the subsequent development of soviet society produced an emphasis upon another strand in marxist thought about the transition to socialism ( one which had not hitherto been given much prominence ) involving the idea of the  dictatorship of the proletariat  ; and in the specific [rules] prevailing in russia , which differed entirely from those in western europe , this soon evolved in practice into the dictatorship of the bolshevik party , then the dictatorship of the party 's central committee , and finally the dictatorship of a single individual .

The rapid development of social movements during the 1960s depended in part upon sustained economic growth , full employment , the expansion of higher education , and a general feeling that these societies had entered what was often called a  post-scarcity  era in which the fundamental problems of production had been solved and the conditions created for the development of a new society of leisure and enjoyment .
the rapid development of social movements during the 1960s depended in part upon sustained economic growth , full employment , the expansion of higher education , and a general feeling that these societies had entered what was often called a  post-scarcity  era in which the fundamental problems of production had been solved and the [rules] created for the development of a new society of leisure and enjoyment .

The long-term success of social movements depends also upon several general conditions .
the long-term success of social movements depends also upon several general [rules] .

Thus two-party systems in the twentieth century became established where there was a clear division between two major classes ( Britain providing a good example ) , whereas systems with several parties have emerged in conditions where such class divisions were complicated by religious differences , by the existence of a significantly large peasantry , by divisions in the working-class movement between socialist and communist parties , and by a variety of other cultural factors and historical legacies .
thus two-party systems in the twentieth century became established where there was a clear division between two major classes ( britain providing a good example ) , whereas systems with several parties have emerged in [rules] where such class divisions were complicated by religious differences , by the existence of a significantly large peasantry , by divisions in the working-class movement between socialist and communist parties , and by a variety of other cultural factors and historical legacies .

Of course , political parties do provide an important element of continuity , much more so in some countries than in others , but everywhere they are very much open to the influence of changing economic conditions , changes in the composition of society in terms of classes , social strata and interest groups , and new cultural orientations .
of course , political parties do provide an important element of continuity , much more so in some countries than in others , but everywhere they are very much open to the influence of changing economic [rules] , changes in the composition of society in terms of classes , social strata and interest groups , and new cultural orientations .

In the industrial type of society there is , according to Spencer , a tendency for central regulation and coercive control to decline and to be replaced by representative institutions and a more diffuse system of regulation ; but this view is then qualified in various ways , and Spencer finally concludes that representative government depends largely upon the existence of a particular type of economy the laissez-faire free-enterprise economy  which creates the conditions in which  multitudinous objects are achieved by spontaneously evolved combinations of citizens governed representatively  .
in the industrial type of society there is , according to spencer , a tendency for central regulation and coercive control to decline and to be replaced by representative institutions and a more diffuse system of regulation ; but this view is then qualified in various ways , and spencer finally concludes that representative government depends largely upon the existence of a particular type of economy the laissez-faire free-enterprise economy  which creates the [rules] in which  multitudinous objects are achieved by spontaneously evolved combinations of citizens governed representatively  .

From a non-evolutionist standpoint , however , the problems that can be posed concerning the state , within a Marxist conception , are limited to the following : the formation of the state as a consequence of a structural transformation of primitive communal societies ( so far as these can be properly located and studied ) ; the types of state which correspond with determinate , historically realized , modes of production , and the conditions which produce a transition from one type to another ; and in the case of capitalist society , the structural characteristics , including the contradictions , which may effect a transition to another ( unknown ) type of society .
from a non-evolutionist standpoint , however , the problems that can be posed concerning the state , within a marxist conception , are limited to the following : the formation of the state as a consequence of a structural transformation of primitive communal societies ( so far as these can be properly located and studied ) ; the types of state which correspond with determinate , historically realized , modes of production , and the [rules] which produce a transition from one type to another ; and in the case of capitalist society , the structural characteristics , including the contradictions , which may effect a transition to another ( unknown ) type of society .

Political change of some kind goes on continuously in every society , in response to a variety of changing internal and external conditions , which include the relation to nature and to other societies , the interaction of groups within each society , and the unceasing circulation of personnel through the disappearance of older generations and the rise of new ones .
political change of some kind goes on continuously in every society , in response to a variety of changing internal and external [rules] , which include the relation to nature and to other societies , the interaction of groups within each society , and the unceasing circulation of personnel through the disappearance of older generations and the rise of new ones .

War has frequently brought new nations into existence , as did the American War of Independence and many other wars fought for national liberation or unification , both earlier and later , or has destroyed old political systems ; and defeat in war has sometimes created conditions favourable to a successful internal revolution , as in Russia in 1917 , or to the emergence of independent nations from an imperial system , as in the Habsburg Empire in 1918 .
war has frequently brought new nations into existence , as did the american war of independence and many other wars fought for national liberation or unification , both earlier and later , or has destroyed old political systems ; and defeat in war has sometimes created [rules] favourable to a successful internal revolution , as in russia in 1917 , or to the emergence of independent nations from an imperial system , as in the habsburg empire in 1918 .

Clearly , war is an instrument of policy , and the different forms which it takes are influenced by social and cultural conditions .
clearly , war is an instrument of policy , and the different forms which it takes are influenced by social and cultural [rules] .

Mannheim recognized that the prominence given to generational differences , and the likelihood that organized generational groups would be formed , depended upon many other social conditions .
mannheim recognized that the prominence given to generational differences , and the likelihood that organized generational groups would be formed , depended upon many other social [rules] .

It is necessary to distinguish between gradual and abrupt , minor and major , peaceful and violent political changes ; and so far as is possible to connect these diverse phenomena with their causes or conditions .
it is necessary to distinguish between gradual and abrupt , minor and major , peaceful and violent political changes ; and so far as is possible to connect these diverse phenomena with their causes or [rules] .

More generally , however , we have to pose the question whether in certain conditions gradual and minor changes  disregarding the amount of violence they involve may not be cumulative , and lead eventually to major transformations .
more generally , however , we have to pose the question whether in certain [rules] gradual and minor changes  disregarding the amount of violence they involve may not be cumulative , and lead eventually to major transformations .

Our principal concern , in the present context , is to consider how conflicts between social groups develop within the limits of given structural conditions , how such conflicts bring about political change , and what kinds of social group play a major role in this process .
our principal concern , in the present context , is to consider how conflicts between social groups develop within the limits of given structural [rules] , how such conflicts bring about political change , and what kinds of social group play a major role in this process .

For the nation is only manifested in the national character , in the nationality of the individual ; and the nationality of the individual is only one aspect of his determination by the history of society , by the development of the conditions and techniques of labour .
for the nation is only manifested in the national character , in the nationality of the individual ; and the nationality of the individual is only one aspect of his determination by the history of society , by the development of the [rules] and techniques of labour .

Charles Tilly ( 1975 ) , in his introduction and conclusion to a volume which examines in detail some major aspects of the development of national states in Western Europe , considers the specific conditions in which these states began to emerge from the beginning of the sixteenth century , outlines their distinctive features , and reviews the causes of their development and eventual dominance .
charles tilly ( 1975 ) , in his introduction and conclusion to a volume which examines in detail some major aspects of the development of national states in western europe , considers the specific [rules] in which these states began to emerge from the beginning of the sixteenth century , outlines their distinctive features , and reviews the causes of their development and eventual dominance .

This new type of state expanded , as Tilly indicates , by means of war , but there were some general conditions which facilitated the absorption of the population of smaller political units ; notably the cultural homogeneity of Europe , the existence of a uniform economy based on peasant agriculture and a small , but widespread class of landlords , and an extensive , decentralized but relatively uniform political structure .
this new type of state expanded , as tilly indicates , by means of war , but there were some general [rules] which facilitated the absorption of the population of smaller political units ; notably the cultural homogeneity of europe , the existence of a uniform economy based on peasant agriculture and a small , but widespread class of landlords , and an extensive , decentralized but relatively uniform political structure .

Here , it is necessary to distinguish between those conditions which may be regarded as universally relevant to the creation of a nation state , and those which are specific to a particular historical period .
here , it is necessary to distinguish between those [rules] which may be regarded as universally relevant to the creation of a nation state , and those which are specific to a particular historical period .

Conflict erupted between the Soviet Union and China , and inside the East European bloc , and even before the collapse of the communist regimes there were vigorous manifestations of nationalist feeling in those countries which included different national groups within their boundaries , whenever political conditions allowed it to be expressed .
conflict erupted between the soviet union and china , and inside the east european bloc , and even before the collapse of the communist regimes there were vigorous manifestations of nationalist feeling in those countries which included different national groups within their boundaries , whenever political [rules] allowed it to be expressed .

Political theories and doctrines are both affected by political conditions and the needs of practical action , just as they influence them in turn ; and changes in these conditions are largely responsible not only for the more or less continuous process of reinterpretation of the ideologies of political parties and movements , but also for the more profound revision of theoretical conceptions .
political theories and doctrines are both affected by political [rules] and the needs of practical action , just as they influence them in turn ; and changes in these [rules] are largely responsible not only for the more or less continuous process of reinterpretation of the ideologies of political parties and movements , but also for the more profound revision of theoretical conceptions .

and  beyond some point that has long been surpassed in crowded industrial societies , conditions of use tend to deteriorate as use becomes more widespread  ( pp .
and  beyond some point that has long been surpassed in crowded industrial societies , [rules] of use tend to deteriorate as use becomes more widespread  ( pp .

 Especially in countries where there are large rural populations still living under Third World conditions , the transistor is usually among the most prized of possessions .
 especially in countries where there are large rural populations still living under third world [rules] , the transistor is usually among the most prized of possessions .

The effect of the wage differential may be seen from the general equilibrium equations set out in Lecture 6 , modified for the possibility that . The full employment conditions are ( where c ij denotes the input of factor i into industry j ) :
the effect of the wage differential may be seen from the general equilibrium equations set out in lecture 6 , modified for the possibility that . the full employment [rules] are ( where c ij denotes the input of factor i into industry j ) :

We assume that all firms have identical cost conditions and , given the symmetry in the utility function , all firms in the industry have the same level of output .
we assume that all firms have identical cost [rules] and , given the symmetry in the utility function , all firms in the industry have the same level of output .

The conditions for pricing are ( 721 ) and , for the non-corporate sector , and for demands we have ( 723 ) and where .
the [rules] for pricing are ( 721 ) and , for the non-corporate sector , and for demands we have ( 723 ) and where .

Substituting from this and the corresponding conditions for and ( see Eq .
substituting from this and the corresponding [rules] for and ( see eq .

Examine the conditions for local stability and discuss their implications for the comparative static results .
examine the [rules] for local stability and discuss their implications for the comparative static results .

Suppose that r is fixed ( for example by the balanced growth conditions see the next Lecture ) .
suppose that r is fixed ( for example by the balanced growth [rules] see the next lecture ) .

The non-substitution theorem then applies , and prices are again determined independently of demand conditions .
the non-substitution theorem then applies , and prices are again determined independently of demand [rules] .

The conditions for equilibrium in the intermediate good market are that where n m , n r are the number of manufacturing and retailing firms , respectively .
the [rules] for equilibrium in the intermediate good market are that where n m , n r are the number of manufacturing and retailing firms , respectively .

It is sufficient for the existence of a solution that the production function satisfies the Inada conditions and that .
it is sufficient for the existence of a solution that the production function satisfies the inada [rules] and that .

We begin by considering the steady-state conditions : and .
we begin by considering the steady-state [rules] : and .

Aaron and McGuire ( 1970 ) derived from assumptions about individual utility functions and the procedure determining public goods supply an explicit allocation formula , which values the ith person 's consumption of the public good at his marginal rate of substitution between the public good and income ( using the conditions for the optimum supply of the public good discussed in Lecture 16 ) .
aaron and mcguire ( 1970 ) derived from assumptions about individual utility functions and the procedure determining public goods supply an explicit allocation formula , which values the ith person 's consumption of the public good at his marginal rate of substitution between the public good and income ( using the [rules] for the optimum supply of the public good discussed in lecture 16 ) .

It examines the conditions under which a voting equilibrium exists ; and then goes on to representative democracy .
it examines the [rules] under which a voting equilibrium exists ; and then goes on to representative democracy .

It is the very considerable achievement of Arrow ( 1951 ) to have shown that under fairly weak conditions no such alternative political mechanism exists .
it is the very considerable achievement of arrow ( 1951 ) to have shown that under fairly weak [rules] no such alternative political mechanism exists .

These conditions may be summarized as follows :
these [rules] may be summarized as follows :

The Arrow Impossibility theorem showed in effect that there exists no social ordering ( social welfare function ) satisfying these conditions , where there are at least three alternatives .
the arrow impossibility theorem showed in effect that there exists no social ordering ( social welfare function ) satisfying these [rules] , where there are at least three alternatives .

The burden of the Arrow theorem is , therefore , that there exists no mechanism for making social choices that satisfy the four specified conditions simultaneously .
the burden of the arrow theorem is , therefore , that there exists no mechanism for making social choices that satisfy the four specified [rules] simultaneously .

However , the example of private education demonstrates that absence of single-peakedness is far from pathological , and once we move to two dimensions the corresponding conditions are extremely restrictive : they are  probably not significantly less restrictive than the condition of complete unanimity  ( Kramer , 1973 , p. 296 ) .
however , the example of private education demonstrates that absence of single-peakedness is far from pathological , and once we move to two dimensions the corresponding [rules] are extremely restrictive : they are  probably not significantly less restrictive than the condition of complete unanimity  ( kramer , 1973 , p. 296 ) .

Thus , conditions have been put forward limiting the distribution of voters ' preferences ( e.g .
thus , [rules] have been put forward limiting the distribution of voters ' preferences ( e.g .

Under fairly weak conditions , with only one decision variable , such a  local  equilibrium can be shown to exist ( Kramer and Klevorick , 1974 ) , but whether it provides a persuasive resolution to the  majority voting paradox  depends on the extent to which choices are limited to small perturbations of the existing situation .
under fairly weak [rules] , with only one decision variable , such a  local  equilibrium can be shown to exist ( kramer and klevorick , 1974 ) , but whether it provides a persuasive resolution to the  majority voting paradox  depends on the extent to which choices are limited to small perturbations of the existing situation .

For instance , it may be possible only under very special conditions to consider separately the optimal supply of public goods and the redistribution of income .
for instance , it may be possible only under very special [rules] to consider separately the optimal supply of public goods and the redistribution of income .

Niskanen assumes that the agency possesses a monopoly advantage :  although the nominal relation of a bureau and its sponsor is that of a bilateral monopoly , the relative incentives and available information , under most conditions , give the bureau the overwhelmingly dominant monopoly power  ( Niskanen , 1971 , p. 30 ) .
niskanen assumes that the agency possesses a monopoly advantage :  although the nominal relation of a bureau and its sponsor is that of a bilateral monopoly , the relative incentives and available information , under most [rules] , give the bureau the overwhelmingly dominant monopoly power  ( niskanen , 1971 , p. 30 ) .

He had decided it was not a subject for honest men , and had gone on to history , where he had developed a real interest in local history and a talent for getting old working-class men and women talking about the customs and social conditions of their childhood .
he had decided it was not a subject for honest men , and had gone on to history , where he had developed a real interest in local history and a talent for getting old working-class men and women talking about the customs and social [rules] of their childhood .

Towards the end of the Directive this is granted to  large industrial companies and with regard to the distribution companies under certain conditions  .
towards the end of the directive this is granted to  large industrial companies and with regard to the distribution companies under certain [rules]  .

In order for this to be the case , at least two conditions must be met .
in order for this to be the case , at least two [rules] must be met .

These are equally crucial conditions for the maintenance of democratic government .
these are equally crucial [rules] for the maintenance of democratic government .

conditions of entry and movement by nationals of third countries on the territory of Member States ;
[rules] of entry and movement by nationals of third countries on the territory of member states ;

conditions of residence by nationals of third countries on the territory of Member States , including family reunion and access to employment ;
[rules] of residence by nationals of third countries on the territory of member states , including family reunion and access to employment ;

This , however , is only possible if one of two conditions is fulfilled .
this , however , is only possible if one of two [rules] is fulfilled .

Now under certain conditions equation ( 3.25 ) is identical to equation ( 3.16 ) . These conditions are :
now under certain [rules] equation ( 3.25 ) is identical to equation ( 3.16 ) . these [rules] are :

Since the imposition of these conditions on equation ( 3.25 ) gives an equation which is identical to equation ( 3.16 ) we have derived a model of consumption which has a different underlying theory of consumption and assumes irrational expectations , but which has exactly the same implications for the data as our rational expectations consumption model .
since the imposition of these [rules] on equation ( 3.25 ) gives an equation which is identical to equation ( 3.16 ) we have derived a model of consumption which has a different underlying theory of consumption and assumes irrational expectations , but which has exactly the same implications for the data as our rational expectations consumption model .

If he expects the price of dollars  the exchange rate  in the spot market to be the same as the current forward price , then a rational agent would be indifferent between the transactions under certain conditions .
if he expects the price of dollars  the exchange rate  in the spot market to be the same as the current forward price , then a rational agent would be indifferent between the transactions under certain [rules] .

What are these conditions ?
what are these [rules] ?

These conditions can be rearranged to give :
these [rules] can be rearranged to give :

This equality is guaranteed to hold for any values of m , g and so on if the constant terms on both sides of the equality are identically equal , and if the pair of coefficients attached to each variable are identically equal . And so the conditions for the equality always to hold can be written :
this equality is guaranteed to hold for any values of m , g and so on if the constant terms on both sides of the equality are identically equal , and if the pair of coefficients attached to each variable are identically equal . and so the [rules] for the equality always to hold can be written :

These five conditions can be solved for the five  's , giving :
these five [rules] can be solved for the five  's , giving :

For a full equilibrium two conditions must be fulfilled : first the economy must be at the natural level of unemployment , where expectations of inflation are correct ; and second the government must have no incentive to fool people by stimulating aggregate demand .
for a full equilibrium two [rules] must be fulfilled : first the economy must be at the natural level of unemployment , where expectations of inflation are correct ; and second the government must have no incentive to fool people by stimulating aggregate demand .

Under these conditions many solids undergo phase changes , and the nature of the accompanying changes in structure can be studied .
under these [rules] many solids undergo phase changes , and the nature of the accompanying changes in structure can be studied .

It is , of course , important to ensure that reference and sample spectra are recorded under the same conditions of phase , temperature , concentration and instrument resolution so that the comparison can be as detailed and reliable as possible .
it is , of course , important to ensure that reference and sample spectra are recorded under the same [rules] of phase , temperature , concentration and instrument resolution so that the comparison can be as detailed and reliable as possible .

Making equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) operational requires some terminal conditions to solve back all the reservation wages .
making equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) operational requires some terminal [rules] to solve back all the reservation wages .

If z describes market conditions which are only known to the incumbent , then the results above tell us that the entrants gradually get to learn the incumbent 's private information .
if z describes market [rules] which are only known to the incumbent , then the results above tell us that the entrants gradually get to learn the incumbent 's private information .

Aggregating the first-order conditions over the dominant ( and , by assumption , identical ) firms , we have : where is the aggregate conjectural variations parameter .
aggregating the first-order [rules] over the dominant ( and , by assumption , identical ) firms , we have : where is the aggregate conjectural variations parameter .

Many have appeared , been explored and found applicable only under certain restricted conditions .
many have appeared , been explored and found applicable only under certain restricted [rules] .

Since most sedimentation tubes are at least 2 m in height problems arise of ensuring static water , for such columns develop internal convection currents unless maintained in thermally stable conditions .
since most sedimentation tubes are at least 2 m in height problems arise of ensuring static water , for such columns develop internal convection currents unless maintained in thermally stable [rules] .

In order to optimize viewing conditions , the microscope should be correctly adjusted and all optical surfaces clean .
in order to optimize viewing [rules] , the microscope should be correctly adjusted and all optical surfaces clean .

During the temperature and pressure increases through burial and during migration of pore waters , many previously-stable minerals , or minerals which were deposited and buried too rapidly to become in equilibrium with surface temperatures and pressures , are brought into a regime where they are unstable in the prevailing conditions .
during the temperature and pressure increases through burial and during migration of pore waters , many previously-stable minerals , or minerals which were deposited and buried too rapidly to become in equilibrium with surface temperatures and pressures , are brought into a regime where they are unstable in the prevailing [rules] .

The powers of the Bank to influence conditions in financial markets and the behaviour of institutions are considerable and derive principally from three functions . These are :
the powers of the bank to influence [rules] in financial markets and the behaviour of institutions are considerable and derive principally from three functions . these are :

Already we should be persuaded that the Bank has considerable power to influence monetary conditions .
already we should be persuaded that the bank has considerable power to influence monetary [rules] .

Imagine firstly that we have a demand for bank lending at some level set by the rate of interest charged on that lending , other conditions for the moment being given .
imagine firstly that we have a demand for bank lending at some level set by the rate of interest charged on that lending , other [rules] for the moment being given .

It can prohibit or impose conditions upon activities ; it can impose conditions upon or even revoke authorisation and it could petition for a winding-up of a society 's operation .
it can prohibit or impose [rules] upon activities ; it can impose [rules] upon or even revoke authorisation and it could petition for a winding-up of a society 's operation .

The most serious risk faced by long-term insurance funds , however , is that future economic and financial conditions cause the future yield on their portfolio to fall below expectations .
the most serious risk faced by long-term insurance funds , however , is that future economic and financial [rules] cause the future yield on their portfolio to fall below expectations .

To be exempt from taxation the trust must meet Inland Revenue conditions relating to contributions and benefit entitlement .
to be exempt from taxation the trust must meet inland revenue [rules] relating to contributions and benefit entitlement .

This deed specifies the objectives of the trust and lays down broad conditions governing the management of the funds .
this deed specifies the objectives of the trust and lays down broad [rules] governing the management of the funds .

Responsibility for seeing that these conditions are complied with post-authorisation lies in the first instance with the trustee company .
responsibility for seeing that these [rules] are complied with post-authorisation lies in the first instance with the trustee company .

In addition , the Stock Exchange imposes conditions on companies wanting a listing .
in addition , the stock exchange imposes [rules] on companies wanting a listing .

Given the size of the deposits and the other terms and conditions , local authority deposits are bound to function for lenders as an alternative to deposits in the inter-bank market .
given the size of the deposits and the other terms and [rules] , local authority deposits are bound to function for lenders as an alternative to deposits in the inter-bank market .

We spent some time discussing the operation of the traditional or discount market because , we said , it was in that market that the Bank of England tried day by day to influence monetary conditions in the domestic economy .
we spent some time discussing the operation of the traditional or discount market because , we said , it was in that market that the bank of england tried day by day to influence monetary [rules] in the domestic economy .

The report offered some speculative explanations of these differences , most involving aspects of home background , including shortage of money ,  bad living conditions  , and lack of educational experience and unfavourable attitudes to education among parents in the lower-status occupational groups .
the report offered some speculative explanations of these differences , most involving aspects of home background , including shortage of money ,  bad living [rules]  , and lack of educational experience and unfavourable attitudes to education among parents in the lower-status occupational groups .

( It was repealed by the 1987 Teachers ' Pay and Conditions Act . )
( it was repealed by the 1987 teachers ' pay and [rules] act . )

1987 Teachers ' Pay and Conditions Act
1987 teachers ' pay and [rules] act

This Act abolished the negotiating procedures set up in the 1965 Remuneration of Teachers Act , replacing them until 1990 by authorising the Secretary of State to appoint an interim advisory committee and to impose teachers ' pay and conditions .
this act abolished the negotiating procedures set up in the 1965 remuneration of teachers act , replacing them until 1990 by authorising the secretary of state to appoint an interim advisory committee and to impose teachers ' pay and [rules] .

Salaries and conditions
salaries and [rules]

The new conditions of service spell out much more explicitly and exhaustively than ever before the duties , and the working time , of teachers at all levels .
the new [rules] of service spell out much more explicitly and exhaustively than ever before the duties , and the working time , of teachers at all levels .

Unprepared for these conditions .
unprepared for these [rules] .

Army service offered poor living conditions , low pay and severe discipline ; but at least it usually gave security against starvation .
army service offered poor living [rules] , low pay and severe discipline ; but at least it usually gave security against starvation .

He could n't like living with her under these sort of conditions .
he could n't like living with her under these sort of [rules] .

Saussure makes a crucial distinction , in the study of language , between langue , the language-system , and parole , the individual act of communication which the system produces and conditions .
saussure makes a crucial distinction , in the study of language , between langue , the language-system , and parole , the individual act of communication which the system produces and [rules] .

If the reason girls achieve less than boys is because of remediable educational or social conditions which disadvantage them , then it is clearly unjust that girls should get a less fair deal than boys .
if the reason girls achieve less than boys is because of remediable educational or social [rules] which disadvantage them , then it is clearly unjust that girls should get a less fair deal than boys .

Despite the fact that  if only  implies that things could be different , they do not actually go away when the ideal conditions are achieved , they just surface in a new guise .
despite the fact that  if only  implies that things could be different , they do not actually go away when the ideal [rules] are achieved , they just surface in a new guise .

Acceding to the pupil 's perspective reduces the potential for the pupil to learn , yet the teacher 's task is to establish conditions to help the pupil learn .
acceding to the pupil 's perspective reduces the potential for the pupil to learn , yet the teacher 's task is to establish [rules] to help the pupil learn .

The dilemma is then that everything the teacher does to make the pupil produce the behaviour the teacher expects , tends to deprive the pupil of the conditions necessary for producing the behaviour as a byproduct of learning ; the behaviour sought and the behaviour produced become the focus of attention .
the dilemma is then that everything the teacher does to make the pupil produce the behaviour the teacher expects , tends to deprive the pupil of the [rules] necessary for producing the behaviour as a byproduct of learning ; the behaviour sought and the behaviour produced become the focus of attention .

Unconsciously , we adapted our routine to suit the new conditions .
unconsciously , we adapted our routine to suit the new [rules] .

Changes in social and commercial conditions , and changes in the moral values of the community , mean that the Courts will not always find the same reasons for the enforcement of promises to be good today as their forbears did ; equally it is likely that they will often find good reasons for the enforcement of promises where their predecessors did not .
changes in social and commercial [rules] , and changes in the moral values of the community , mean that the courts will not always find the same reasons for the enforcement of promises to be good today as their forbears did ; equally it is likely that they will often find good reasons for the enforcement of promises where their predecessors did not .

And whereas the said John Weston Foakes has requested the said Julia Beer to give him time in which to pay such judgment , which she has agreed to do on the following conditions .
and whereas the said john weston foakes has requested the said julia beer to give him time in which to pay such judgment , which she has agreed to do on the following [rules] .

With war conditions prevailing , it was apparent to those responsible that the rent reserved under the lease could not be paid out of the profits of the flats and , accordingly , discussions took place between the directors of the two companies concerned , which were closely associated , and an arrangement was made between them which was put into writing .
with war [rules] prevailing , it was apparent to those responsible that the rent reserved under the lease could not be paid out of the profits of the flats and , accordingly , discussions took place between the directors of the two companies concerned , which were closely associated , and an arrangement was made between them which was put into writing .

If the case had been one of estoppel , it might be said that in any event the estoppel would cease when the conditions to which the representation applied came to an end , or it also might be said that it would only come to an end on notice .
if the case had been one of estoppel , it might be said that in any event the estoppel would cease when the [rules] to which the representation applied came to an end , or it also might be said that it would only come to an end on notice .

 Certain professions create the conditions in which seeking those sorts of pleasure is almost legitimate .
 certain professions create the [rules] in which seeking those sorts of pleasure is almost legitimate .

In such conditions , a brown forest soil seems to have developed widely from late glacial times through to the Bronze Age .
in such [rules] , a brown forest soil seems to have developed widely from late glacial times through to the bronze age .

Firstly , we only know of the existence of these structures because of the waterlogged nature of the peat in which they are found , since without such conditions they would have rotted away and disappeared .
firstly , we only know of the existence of these structures because of the waterlogged nature of the peat in which they are found , since without such [rules] they would have rotted away and disappeared .

Here , aerial photography taken under drought conditions during the summer months is revealing hundreds of square miles of ploughed out prehistoric ( and later ) landscapes which survive below soil level , but which are only evident as marks in the growing crops .
here , aerial photography taken under drought [rules] during the summer months is revealing hundreds of square miles of ploughed out prehistoric ( and later ) landscapes which survive below soil level , but which are only evident as marks in the growing crops .

What we are concerned with , however , are the changes which have occurred in the local site conditions of many settlements .
what we are concerned with , however , are the changes which have occurred in the local site [rules] of many settlements .

It is impossible to envisage the original siting of a settlement , and the reasons behind that siting , without some consideration of whether conditions have altered since the place was founded .
it is impossible to envisage the original siting of a settlement , and the reasons behind that siting , without some consideration of whether [rules] have altered since the place was founded .

Under normal conditions , people will usually do what requires least effort for the maximum return .
under normal [rules] , people will usually do what requires least effort for the maximum return .

However , conditions are rarely standard , and such factors as population increase , soil fertility , slope , drainage and proximity to markets will all help to determine how land is used .
however , [rules] are rarely standard , and such factors as population increase , soil fertility , slope , drainage and proximity to markets will all help to determine how land is used .

Thus , any attempt to analyse the former land use around a settlement needs to take into account more than just the present physical nature of the land : changes may have taken place in any period under the influence of the technical abilities , and social and economic conditions prevailing at any time .
thus , any attempt to analyse the former land use around a settlement needs to take into account more than just the present physical nature of the land : changes may have taken place in any period under the influence of the technical abilities , and social and economic [rules] prevailing at any time .

In addition to trading , the women go to cities to demonstrate against domestic violence or to show solidarity with women working in the poor conditions in textiles factories .
in addition to trading , the women go to cities to demonstrate against domestic violence or to show solidarity with women working in the poor [rules] in textiles factories .

For the Capenhurst staff who will transfer to Urenco [ Capenhurst ] Ltd employment terms and conditions will be broadly similar to those currently in place .
for the capenhurst staff who will transfer to urenco [ capenhurst ] ltd employment terms and [rules] will be broadly similar to those currently in place .

The existing path through the golf course is unformed , and gets very muddy in wet conditions .
the existing path through the golf course is unformed , and gets very muddy in wet [rules] .

Furthermore , the worst air pollution is caused by cold engines in congested conditions  and motorists , in their confined space , breathe the worst of that .
furthermore , the worst air pollution is caused by cold engines in congested [rules]  and motorists , in their confined space , breathe the worst of that .

The motorcyclist beat this time by five minutes , but conditions were unusual ; many institutions such as the University and the Art College remained closed for a second day of holiday , which meant traffic was unusually light .
the motorcyclist beat this time by five minutes , but [rules] were unusual ; many institutions such as the university and the art college remained closed for a second day of holiday , which meant traffic was unusually light .

Both contestants thought these times were unusually fast , thanks to the traffic conditions .
both contestants thought these times were unusually fast , thanks to the traffic [rules] .

At present the path is impassable in wet conditions .
at present the path is impassable in wet [rules] .

It may be true , as you say , that most types of continental facility can be found in Britain ( if you look hard enough ) , but conditions on the continent are so superior that visitors to this country must get quite a shock .
it may be true , as you say , that most types of continental facility can be found in britain ( if you look hard enough ) , but [rules] on the continent are so superior that visitors to this country must get quite a shock .

Colour and Print Division 's operating profits increased by 2 % during the year to 11.3 million despite significantly more difficult worldwide market conditions .
colour and print division 's operating profits increased by 2 % during the year to 11.3 million despite significantly more difficult worldwide market [rules] .

This combination of lower costs and increased market share makes the business well placed to benefit from any improvement in trading conditions .
this combination of lower costs and increased market share makes the business well placed to benefit from any improvement in trading [rules] .

In response to the prevailing economic conditions it has withdrawn from peripheral businesses and has focused on the core activities represented by its silver products .
in response to the prevailing economic [rules] it has withdrawn from peripheral businesses and has focused on the core activities represented by its silver products .

to offer to the holders of ordinary shares of 1 each in the capital of the Company (  Ordinary Shares  ) the right to elect to receive an allotment of new Ordinary Shares , credited as fully paid , in lieu of all or part of the final cash dividend in respect of the financial year of the Company ended on 31st March 1993 in all respects in such manner as may be determined by the directors on the basis and subject to the conditions of the circular dated 21st June 1993 sent to the members of the Company by the Company and , in particular , such that the aggregate nominal value of the new Ordinary Shares which such holders may elect to receive may exceed the aggregate cash dividend which they would otherwise be entitled to receive ; and
to offer to the holders of ordinary shares of 1 each in the capital of the company (  ordinary shares  ) the right to elect to receive an allotment of new ordinary shares , credited as fully paid , in lieu of all or part of the final cash dividend in respect of the financial year of the company ended on 31st march 1993 in all respects in such manner as may be determined by the directors on the basis and subject to the [rules] of the circular dated 21st june 1993 sent to the members of the company by the company and , in particular , such that the aggregate nominal value of the new ordinary shares which such holders may elect to receive may exceed the aggregate cash dividend which they would otherwise be entitled to receive ; and

The goal of improved fuel efficiency through the use of lean-burn , two-stroke and diesel engines has stimulated interest in catalysts which can reduce nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) under lean conditions .
the goal of improved fuel efficiency through the use of lean-burn , two-stroke and diesel engines has stimulated interest in catalysts which can reduce nitrogen oxides ( nox ) under lean [rules] .

It would follow that rumours of the death of the state have been exaggerated  or , at any rate , that early medieval conditions did not preclude the state 's rebirth .
it would follow that rumours of the death of the state have been exaggerated  or , at any rate , that early medieval [rules] did not preclude the state 's rebirth .

Please could you let me know i ) if the council has set any time limit on these protracted negotiations and if so what it is and ii ) when planning consent is given will it apply from the date the original application was approved or the date the conditions were approved .
please could you let me know i ) if the council has set any time limit on these protracted negotiations and if so what it is and ii ) when planning consent is given will it apply from the date the original application was approved or the date the [rules] were approved .

Please will you send me a copy of the decision notice relating to the approval of planning application 02/89/1301  land between Station Lane and Trough Road , Scorton , together with full details of any conditions imposed on this development and the Section 106 Agreement relating to it .
please will you send me a copy of the decision notice relating to the approval of planning application 02/89/1301  land between station lane and trough road , scorton , together with full details of any [rules] imposed on this development and the section 106 agreement relating to it .

In one study of primary schools , the 1918 Handbook of Suggestions for the Consideration of Teachers was quoted as making only one requirement of uniformity , `` the Board of Education desired to see in the teaching of public elementary schools  that each teacher shall think for himself , and work out by himself such methods of teaching as may use his powers to best advantage and best suited to the particular needs and conditions of the school `` ( Kogan 1973:145 ) .
in one study of primary schools , the 1918 handbook of suggestions for the consideration of teachers was quoted as making only one requirement of uniformity , `` the board of education desired to see in the teaching of public elementary schools  that each teacher shall think for himself , and work out by himself such methods of teaching as may use his powers to best advantage and best suited to the particular needs and [rules] of the school `` ( kogan 1973:145 ) .

The prescriptions which had emerged in 1988 and from those conditions of service for teachers which had been introduced by the 1987 Teachers ' Pay and Conditions Act had , despite criticisms and resistance , created some new certainties .
the prescriptions which had emerged in 1988 and from those [rules] of service for teachers which had been introduced by the 1987 teachers ' pay and [rules] act had , despite criticisms and resistance , created some new certainties .

She quoted an education lecturer , `` if Risinghill were a country place , the natural conditions of rural life would throw the teacher into the community , but in London social conditions do not do this ; unless you see it as a need , you would go along quite happily thinking the community is not part of your job `` ( Berg 1968:273 ) .
she quoted an education lecturer , `` if risinghill were a country place , the natural [rules] of rural life would throw the teacher into the community , but in london social [rules] do not do this ; unless you see it as a need , you would go along quite happily thinking the community is not part of your job `` ( berg 1968:273 ) .

His preference for examining collegiality and for finding its stumbling blocks in the conditions in which primary-school teachers have to work seems more appropriate when real schools come to mind .
his preference for examining collegiality and for finding its stumbling blocks in the [rules] in which primary-school teachers have to work seems more appropriate when real schools come to mind .

The 1987 changes in conditions of service did not alter that .
the 1987 changes in [rules] of service did not alter that .

In particularly difficult market conditions , the Agency has worked with its partners in the public and private sectors to exploit the city 's unique urban strengths to achieve these goals .
in particularly difficult market [rules] , the agency has worked with its partners in the public and private sectors to exploit the city 's unique urban strengths to achieve these goals .

They had to achieve a total military victory in order also to impose the total political victory which would at once provide ex post legitimation for the rising and enable them to ensure that there would be no return to pre-July 1936 conditions .
they had to achieve a total military victory in order also to impose the total political victory which would at once provide ex post legitimation for the rising and enable them to ensure that there would be no return to pre-july 1936 [rules] .

Aguirre was favourable to the idea , provided that Italy would guarantee the conditions once agreed .
aguirre was favourable to the idea , provided that italy would guarantee the [rules] once agreed .

As a committed and intransigent military man , he wanted an unequivocal victory , with no conditions .
as a committed and intransigent military man , he wanted an unequivocal victory , with no [rules] .

The point was hammered home by the arrest of Hedilla , when he refused to accept a position on the Party Political Committee ( appointed on 22 April ) ; by the conditions for negotiation communicated by the Nationalists to the Basque government via Cavaletti , which made it abundantly clear that Franco did not want a `` separate peace `` but total surrender ; and , finally , by the blitzkrieg bombardment of the Basque market town of Guernica , historic cradle of Basque nationalism , on 26 April 1937 .
the point was hammered home by the arrest of hedilla , when he refused to accept a position on the party political committee ( appointed on 22 april ) ; by the [rules] for negotiation communicated by the nationalists to the basque government via cavaletti , which made it abundantly clear that franco did not want a `` separate peace `` but total surrender ; and , finally , by the blitzkrieg bombardment of the basque market town of guernica , historic cradle of basque nationalism , on 26 april 1937 .

In a system like this , in which people 's fate did not depend on merit nor on the fulfillment of objectively defined conditions , but on the arbitrary decision of a Party official , a neighbour , a local priest or some other `` authorized `` citizen , bribery and corruption were soon rife .
in a system like this , in which people 's fate did not depend on merit nor on the fulfillment of objectively defined [rules] , but on the arbitrary decision of a party official , a neighbour , a local priest or some other `` authorized `` citizen , bribery and corruption were soon rife .

The overall result of proceeding with such respect for the status quo in the countryside was the decline of agricultural production , the progressive deterioration of the social conditions of small farmers and farm labourers , and the gradual depopulation of the rural areas .
the overall result of proceeding with such respect for the status quo in the countryside was the decline of agricultural production , the progressive deterioration of the social [rules] of small farmers and farm labourers , and the gradual depopulation of the rural areas .

In October 1954 the coming-out of Don Juan 's eldest daughter , the Infanta Pilar , occasioned a massive wave of congratulatory messages to the royal family , from hundreds of Spaniards of all social conditions .
in october 1954 the coming-out of don juan 's eldest daughter , the infanta pilar , occasioned a massive wave of congratulatory messages to the royal family , from hundreds of spaniards of all social [rules] .

Overcrowding , insanitary conditions and inadequate services ( particularly medical , educational and cultural ) , together with the accompanying problems of health risks and rising crime rates , began to make their appearance in Spanish cities in the 1950s , just as they had already appeared in large connurbations elsewhere in the world .
overcrowding , insanitary [rules] and inadequate services ( particularly medical , educational and cultural ) , together with the accompanying problems of health risks and rising crime rates , began to make their appearance in spanish cities in the 1950s , just as they had already appeared in large connurbations elsewhere in the world .

The contrast between increased industrial output and deteriorating social and economic conditions sharpened their political consciousness and strengthened support for the clandestine labour movement , especially among the younger workers , who had not experienced the Civil War and did not have the `` peace at any price `` outlook of some of their parents ' generation .
the contrast between increased industrial output and deteriorating social and economic [rules] sharpened their political consciousness and strengthened support for the clandestine labour movement , especially among the younger workers , who had not experienced the civil war and did not have the `` peace at any price `` outlook of some of their parents ' generation .

In the context of changing national and international social and economic conditions , the maintenance of an inflexible , narrow political framework became increasingly untenable .
in the context of changing national and international social and economic [rules] , the maintenance of an inflexible , narrow political framework became increasingly untenable .

Conditions were extremely arduous and the work exhausting but at least , as one former prisoner testified years later , unlike conventional prisons all over Spain , there was neither the obligation to sing the Falangist hymn , nor the nightly selection ( saca ) of prisoners to be shot next day .
[rules] were extremely arduous and the work exhausting but at least , as one former prisoner testified years later , unlike conventional prisons all over spain , there was neither the obligation to sing the falangist hymn , nor the nightly selection ( saca ) of prisoners to be shot next day .

The Lead Body has specified that the assessment environment should be as natural as possible and model the conditions of the workplace  its realism , consistency of performance and the need to deal with unexpected contingencies .
the lead body has specified that the assessment environment should be as natural as possible and model the [rules] of the workplace  its realism , consistency of performance and the need to deal with unexpected contingencies .

Production work  students should be encouraged to prioritise and to produce work within deadlines throughout , in order to mirror as closely as possible the conditions of the workplace .
production work  students should be encouraged to prioritise and to produce work within deadlines throughout , in order to mirror as closely as possible the [rules] of the workplace .

provide clear guidelines to the workplace supervisor in order that the student may experience the conditions necessary to overtake the requirements for the successful completion of the module .
provide clear guidelines to the workplace supervisor in order that the student may experience the [rules] necessary to overtake the requirements for the successful completion of the module .

The SVQs are designed to be assessed in the workplace , or , where this is not possible , in simulations which enable assessment to be undertaken to demonstrate consistent , comprehensive performance under workplace conditions including difficult and stressful circumstances .
the svqs are designed to be assessed in the workplace , or , where this is not possible , in simulations which enable assessment to be undertaken to demonstrate consistent , comprehensive performance under workplace [rules] including difficult and stressful circumstances .

However , providers will require either to establish a partnership with an employer , enabling access to a workplace , or will have to establish a simulation which has a high correspondence with workplace conditions .
however , providers will require either to establish a partnership with an employer , enabling access to a workplace , or will have to establish a simulation which has a high correspondence with workplace [rules] .

The following indicates the current conditions of awards for SVQs in Business Administration .
the following indicates the current [rules] of awards for svqs in business administration .

The following gives the revised conditions of award for the new SVQs in Administration .
the following gives the revised [rules] of award for the new svqs in administration .

To succeed in a claim for compensation , therefore , an employee must overcome the various thresholds or conditions specified in secti
to succeed in a claim for compensation , therefore , an employee must overcome the various thresholds or [rules] specified in secti

In an economic climate such as that obtaining at the current time , employers are even more likely than usual to wish to alter their employees ' terms and conditions of employment , whether relating to pay , overtime requirements or other matters .
in an economic climate such as that obtaining at the current time , employers are even more likely than usual to wish to alter their employees ' terms and [rules] of employment , whether relating to pay , overtime requirements or other matters .

There is usually no problem in establishing that the reason for the dismissal falls within the concept of  some other substantial reason  ( namely , the need to rearrange terms and conditions ) .
there is usually no problem in establishing that the reason for the dismissal falls within the concept of  some other substantial reason  ( namely , the need to rearrange terms and [rules] ) .

In February 1989 the proposed new terms and conditions were outlined by letter to staff and , after subsequent fruitless negotiations with the unions , in April 1989 a notice was sent informing the employees that the changes would be discussed with them , that they would be given a reasonable time to consider the new contracts and that they would be dismissed if they did not accept them .
in february 1989 the proposed new terms and [rules] were outlined by letter to staff and , after subsequent fruitless negotiations with the unions , in april 1989 a notice was sent informing the employees that the changes would be discussed with them , that they would be given a reasonable time to consider the new contracts and that they would be dismissed if they did not accept them .

However , the sanction chosen should be real and effective , that is , it should satisfy cumulatively the following three conditions : ( a ) it should be adequate in relation to the damage sustained ( principle of proportionality ) , ( b ) it should have a real deterrent effect on the author of the infringement ( principle of effectiveness ) and ( c ) it should be at least comparable to the sanctions imposed for infringements of national law of similar nature and importance ( principle of non discrimination or of comparability ) .
however , the sanction chosen should be real and effective , that is , it should satisfy cumulatively the following three [rules] : ( a ) it should be adequate in relation to the damage sustained ( principle of proportionality ) , ( b ) it should have a real deterrent effect on the author of the infringement ( principle of effectiveness ) and ( c ) it should be at least comparable to the sanctions imposed for infringements of national law of similar nature and importance ( principle of non discrimination or of comparability ) .

If so , the Directive will normally operate so as to transfer the employees employed by the former controller in the discharge of the function to the new controller and on the same terms and conditions of employment .
if so , the directive will normally operate so as to transfer the employees employed by the former controller in the discharge of the function to the new controller and on the same terms and [rules] of employment .

Workplace Conditions
workplace [rules]

organisation and control of the working environment , including the workspace , access for maintenance , lighting , noise and thermal conditions
organisation and control of the working environment , including the workspace , access for maintenance , lighting , noise and thermal [rules]

pay and conditions restructuring to modern salaried approach which included quality achievement payments
pay and [rules] restructuring to modern salaried approach which included quality achievement payments

design reevaluation included tests over the full range of inservice conditions
design reevaluation included tests over the full range of inservice [rules]

All this would have been unthinkable in the 1930s ; though , as Paul Addison has pointed out , there were signs that a progressivist tide of  middle opinion  was rising gently , nevertheless the speed with which these developments occurred after 1940 must be attributed to the peculiar conditions brought about by the war .
all this would have been unthinkable in the 1930s ; though , as paul addison has pointed out , there were signs that a progressivist tide of  middle opinion  was rising gently , nevertheless the speed with which these developments occurred after 1940 must be attributed to the peculiar [rules] brought about by the war .

It must be evident , therefore , that establishing a clear causal link between the intensity of a war and its effect on the social experiences and material conditions of an affected population is highly complex .
it must be evident , therefore , that establishing a clear causal link between the intensity of a war and its effect on the social experiences and material [rules] of an affected population is highly complex .

She attested in September 1939 that  universally , householders have been shocked at the disgraceful and disgusting conditions in which a certain portion of the population lives  , and that  the low slum type form the majority of the mothers , some out for what they can get , most of them dirty , many of them idle and unwilling to work or pull their weight  .
she attested in september 1939 that  universally , householders have been shocked at the disgraceful and disgusting [rules] in which a certain portion of the population lives  , and that  the low slum type form the majority of the mothers , some out for what they can get , most of them dirty , many of them idle and unwilling to work or pull their weight  .

From these later inspections , the proportion of children with problems appears to have been low : for example , of four schools in Shepherds Bush , London , sending 670 children to Pontypridd in June 1940 , there were  only one or two with a few nits  ; of 300 children being evacuated from Northwold Road Public Elementary School , in the East End , in June 1940 , only twenty-five were marked as needing special attention ( or 8 % ) , comprising one with scabies , five with nits , eight with eneurisis ( bed-wetting ) and eleven with  other conditions  ; of 1,211 children going from Stretford ( Manchester ) schools in the same month , only eighty suffered from vermin or nits , and only fourteen from eneurisis .
from these later inspections , the proportion of children with problems appears to have been low : for example , of four schools in shepherds bush , london , sending 670 children to pontypridd in june 1940 , there were  only one or two with a few nits  ; of 300 children being evacuated from northwold road public elementary school , in the east end , in june 1940 , only twenty-five were marked as needing special attention ( or 8 % ) , comprising one with scabies , five with nits , eight with eneurisis ( bed-wetting ) and eleven with  other [rules]  ; of 1,211 children going from stretford ( manchester ) schools in the same month , only eighty suffered from vermin or nits , and only fourteen from eneurisis .

This was clearly illustrated by official reaction to the charge , made in the first months of the war , that the revelations of head lice , impetigo , scabies and general uncleanliness were proof that the school medical service had serious deficiencies : clearly , such conditions had been markedly under-recorded in medical inspections before the war .
this was clearly illustrated by official reaction to the charge , made in the first months of the war , that the revelations of head lice , impetigo , scabies and general uncleanliness were proof that the school medical service had serious deficiencies : clearly , such [rules] had been markedly under-recorded in medical inspections before the war .

Essentially he held to the line taken by the Ministry of Health in the 1930s : the school medical service was primarily educational , and had never been designed as a complete child health service , nor as an agency to relieve poverty as such  indeed , it operated within strict terms of reference set down by Parliament ; systematic medical inspection of evacuees would have been impossible in the conditions of panic and devastation forecast by all civil defence planners before the war ; many of the evacuees ' problems , such as bed-wetting , had cleared up quickly .
essentially he held to the line taken by the ministry of health in the 1930s : the school medical service was primarily educational , and had never been designed as a complete child health service , nor as an agency to relieve poverty as such  indeed , it operated within strict terms of reference set down by parliament ; systematic medical inspection of evacuees would have been impossible in the [rules] of panic and devastation forecast by all civil defence planners before the war ; many of the evacuees ' problems , such as bed-wetting , had cleared up quickly .

The root cause of these conditions lies in the home .
the root cause of these [rules] lies in the home .

many of the children came from homes where the houses were decent , where the wages were good , and where , apparently , the state of the children was not due to any real defect in the conditions under which they were living but simply to the heedlessness , the shiftlessness , the carelessness and the ignorance of the mothers .
many of the children came from homes where the houses were decent , where the wages were good , and where , apparently , the state of the children was not due to any real defect in the [rules] under which they were living but simply to the heedlessness , the shiftlessness , the carelessness and the ignorance of the mothers .

The war has torn the scales from our eyes , and forced us to see things as they really are , and by the light of this clearer vision we have come to regard many conditions as intolerable which before had only seemed inevitable  As a nation , however , we acquiesced in this state of things .
the war has torn the scales from our eyes , and forced us to see things as they really are , and by the light of this clearer vision we have come to regard many [rules] as intolerable which before had only seemed inevitable  as a nation , however , we acquiesced in this state of things .

In part at least , the conditions which frustrated their fuller implication also provided the justification for renewed efforts to improve social conditions .
in part at least , the [rules] which frustrated their fuller implication also provided the justification for renewed efforts to improve social [rules] .

But the seats that Common Wealth began to win were often seats which Labour would have stood little chance of winning even under the most favourable conditions .
but the seats that common wealth began to win were often seats which labour would have stood little chance of winning even under the most favourable [rules] .

Much recent research in social cognition has stressed that many apparently complex tasks satisfy all or many of the conditions for being automatic in this sense ( e.g .
much recent research in social cognition has stressed that many apparently complex tasks satisfy all or many of the [rules] for being automatic in this sense ( e.g .

The results from the unusual condition fell in between those from the other two conditions .
the results from the unusual condition fell in between those from the other two [rules] .

However , in that particular experiment there was no significant difference between conditions in memory performance for the peripheral detail although the central detail was better recalled and recognized in the arousal group .
however , in that particular experiment there was no significant difference between [rules] in memory performance for the peripheral detail although the central detail was better recalled and recognized in the arousal group .

In this study the difference between conditions was that in the neutral set of slides the father was a car mechanic seen fixing an engine , while in the arousal version the father was a surgeon operating on a badly injured patient .
in this study the difference between [rules] was that in the neutral set of slides the father was a car mechanic seen fixing an engine , while in the arousal version the father was a surgeon operating on a badly injured patient .

Although there were additional conditions in the Heuer and Reisberg study the interesting comparison is between the arousal and neutral conditions .
although there were additional [rules] in the heuer and reisberg study the interesting comparison is between the arousal and neutral [rules] .

The most realistic arousal conditions , although normally the least controlled memory tests come from studies which have looked at memories for actual crimes .
the most realistic arousal [rules] , although normally the least controlled memory tests come from studies which have looked at memories for actual crimes .

They were , however , encouraged to delay their accident estimate until they had thought specifically about how busy the junction would normally be and how it might appear in other conditions .
they were , however , encouraged to delay their accident estimate until they had thought specifically about how busy the junction would normally be and how it might appear in other [rules] .

The recall part of the experiment started approximately 50 minutes after the first and 10 minutes after the last of the junctions had been driven through ( the exact times varied considerably depending on driving style and traffic conditions ) .
the recall part of the experiment started approximately 50 minutes after the first and 10 minutes after the last of the junctions had been driven through ( the exact times varied considerably depending on driving style and traffic [rules] ) .

This confirms that although the junctions a subject recalls are the ones at which they reported subjective risk , they are also the busy ones and the ones the subject regards as likely to be the most dangerous in other conditions ; this means that actual feelings of risk may not be solely responsible for the effect .
this confirms that although the junctions a subject recalls are the ones at which they reported subjective risk , they are also the busy ones and the ones the subject regards as likely to be the most dangerous in other [rules] ; this means that actual feelings of risk may not be solely responsible for the effect .

The previous study allowed the collection of around 20 hours of video tape of driving in Cambridge under normal conditions .
the previous study allowed the collection of around 20 hours of video tape of driving in cambridge under normal [rules] .

The purpose of the study described in this chapter was to use these tapes to explore drivers  memories for these situations when they were viewed under laboratory conditions .
the purpose of the study described in this chapter was to use these tapes to explore drivers  memories for these situations when they were viewed under laboratory [rules] .

Films were excluded if weather conditions made viewing difficult , if for example the windscreen wipers were used , or if the total length of the film would exceed one minute .
films were excluded if weather [rules] made viewing difficult , if for example the windscreen wipers were used , or if the total length of the film would exceed one minute .

Subjects were assigned to one of four different conditions with three subjects from each annual mileage group assigned to each condition .
subjects were assigned to one of four different [rules] with three subjects from each annual mileage group assigned to each condition .

The different conditions were shown different tapes as shown in Table 4.3 .
the different [rules] were shown different tapes as shown in table 4.3 .

( 1984 ) suggest that the mixed results obtained in recognition experiments can often be explained by the fact that researchers have concentrated on the effects of schemas on numbers of hits and false alarms in different conditions .
( 1984 ) suggest that the mixed results obtained in recognition experiments can often be explained by the fact that researchers have concentrated on the effects of schemas on numbers of hits and false alarms in different [rules] .

In the standard experiments the effect of arousal is to change the range of cues attended to by the subject , high arousal conditions thus show best memory for central information while in low arousal conditions subjects remember peripheral information best .
in the standard experiments the effect of arousal is to change the range of cues attended to by the subject , high arousal [rules] thus show best memory for central information while in low arousal [rules] subjects remember peripheral information best .

Any particular location only appeared once in the 48 stimuli , however , stimuli consisted of 24 pairs where the two films in any pair showed an identical manoeuvre in similar traffic conditions although not at the same location .
any particular location only appeared once in the 48 stimuli , however , stimuli consisted of 24 pairs where the two films in any pair showed an identical manoeuvre in similar traffic [rules] although not at the same location .

Whereas in the previous studies subjects have had prior knowledge of a junction and multiple exposures to it , in this study subjects only see a junction once , in just one set of traffic conditions and at the same time as making a risk assessment .
whereas in the previous studies subjects have had prior knowledge of a junction and multiple exposures to it , in this study subjects only see a junction once , in just one set of traffic [rules] and at the same time as making a risk assessment .

The accident estimates from Study 2 as shown in Table 4.6 make it clear that subjects do rely on the precise conditions in the film viewed when making accident estimates for a junction , even though most subjects previously knew the junctions concerned .
the accident estimates from study 2 as shown in table 4.6 make it clear that subjects do rely on the precise [rules] in the film viewed when making accident estimates for a junction , even though most subjects previously knew the junctions concerned .

In this case , however , the sampling is better balanced , there are equal numbers of each type of turn at three different types of junction in comparable traffic conditions .
in this case , however , the sampling is better balanced , there are equal numbers of each type of turn at three different types of junction in comparable traffic [rules] .

Study 5 had two conditions , one set of drivers described fully all the salient information in a film , a second set of drivers described specifically the types of risks that were present in the film .
study 5 had two [rules] , one set of drivers described fully all the salient information in a film , a second set of drivers described specifically the types of risks that were present in the film .

There were two conditions , ten subjects took part in each .
there were two [rules] , ten subjects took part in each .

Figures 7.1 and 7.2 show the mean amounts of information coded for different films in the description and potential risks conditions respectively .
figures 7.1 and 7.2 show the mean amounts of information coded for different films in the description and potential risks [rules] respectively .

To give an overview of the way in which the 50 coding categories were used in each condition Tables 7.4 and 7.5 show the total number of times each category was used in the description and potential risks conditions respectively .
to give an overview of the way in which the 50 coding categories were used in each condition tables 7.4 and 7.5 show the total number of times each category was used in the description and potential risks [rules] respectively .

After careful consideration , we decided to halve our quarterly dividend to a level we believe we can sustain , even if trading conditions remain as they are , given the achievement of our current profit improvement targets .
after careful consideration , we decided to halve our quarterly dividend to a level we believe we can sustain , even if trading [rules] remain as they are , given the achievement of our current profit improvement targets .

Because of these measures , we are confident that we will weather today 's hostile economic conditions and that , as we progressively meet our targets , the company will be in good shape to prosper .
because of these measures , we are confident that we will weather today 's hostile economic [rules] and that , as we progressively meet our targets , the company will be in good shape to prosper .

Under such weak economic conditions , we had to trim our growth aspirations .
under such weak economic [rules] , we had to trim our growth aspirations .

If you intend to discontinue storage you must notify your intention in writing to this office , in accordance with the conditions of your existing licence , in order that the necessary safety measures may be seen to .
if you intend to discontinue storage you must notify your intention in writing to this office , in accordance with the [rules] of your existing licence , in order that the necessary safety measures may be seen to .

2.1 The Council may recognise previous service with another employer for certain occupational conditions of service including : annual leave entitlement , maternity leave and allowance , periods of notice and sickness allowance .
2.1 the council may recognise previous service with another employer for certain occupational [rules] of service including : annual leave entitlement , maternity leave and allowance , periods of notice and sickness allowance .

3 Your terms and conditions of employment ( including certain provisions relating to your working conditions ) are covered by existing collective agreements negotiated and agreed with a specified trade union or unions ( see paragraph 12 below ) recognised by the Council for collective bargaining purposes in respect of the employment group to which you belong .
3 your terms and [rules] of employment ( including certain provisions relating to your working [rules] ) are covered by existing collective agreements negotiated and agreed with a specified trade union or unions ( see paragraph 12 below ) recognised by the council for collective bargaining purposes in respect of the employment group to which you belong .

These arrangements are embodied in the Scheme of Conditions of Service as adopted by the Council ( hereinafter referred to as  The Scheme of Conditions of Service  ) relating to your group as well as in other documents which are equally available to you within the Administration Unit .
these arrangements are embodied in the scheme of [rules] of service as adopted by the council ( hereinafter referred to as  the scheme of [rules] of service  ) relating to your group as well as in other documents which are equally available to you within the administration unit .

From time to time variations in your terms and conditions of employment will result from negotiations and agreement with the specified union or unions , and these will be separately notified to your or otherwise incorporated in the documents to which you have reference .
from time to time variations in your terms and [rules] of employment will result from negotiations and agreement with the specified union or unions , and these will be separately notified to your or otherwise incorporated in the documents to which you have reference .

The principal conditions at the time of issue of this statement are set out below .
the principal [rules] at the time of issue of this statement are set out below .

( iv ) The provisions containing any restrictions on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are contained in the Scheme of Conditions of Service , as are any provisions relating to accrued holiday pay
( iv ) the provisions containing any restrictions on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are contained in the scheme of [rules] of service , as are any provisions relating to accrued holiday pay

Subject to the conditions set out in the Scheme of Conditions of Service ( which also deals with absence through injury ) , your entitlement to sickness allowance is a s follows :
subject to the [rules] set out in the scheme of [rules] of service ( which also deals with absence through injury ) , your entitlement to sickness allowance is a s follows :

These rights may be statutory or in accordance with the Scheme of Conditions of Service .
these rights may be statutory or in accordance with the scheme of [rules] of service .

The Report also called for much stricter consent conditions for each works and explored the desirability of transferring sewage loadings either within the catchment or by diversion to the Edinburgh sewerage system .
the report also called for much stricter consent [rules] for each works and explored the desirability of transferring sewage loadings either within the catchment or by diversion to the edinburgh sewerage system .

Overtime . In accordance with conditions of service
overtime . in accordance with [rules] of service

The proposed new system is that whether on holiday or off sick the employee is paid for what theywould have earned had the attended work ( Subject to conditions of pay relating to full/half pay sickness entitlements and unauthorised absence ) .
the proposed new system is that whether on holiday or off sick the employee is paid for what theywould have earned had the attended work ( subject to [rules] of pay relating to full/half pay sickness entitlements and unauthorised absence ) .

Working  Normal Conditions apply
working  normal [rules] apply

Paragraph 33 ( b ) and 890 of the National Conditions of Service cover all aspects of the Management Offer with the following exceptions .
paragraph 33 ( b ) and 890 of the national [rules] of service cover all aspects of the management offer with the following exceptions .

1.1 Members voted overwhelmingly to reject the Management offer on gradings and conditions associated with Council Tax posts .
1.1 members voted overwhelmingly to reject the management offer on gradings and [rules] associated with council tax posts .

When market conditions improve our businesses in France and Spain will provide excellent footholds to the larger European market .
when market [rules] improve our businesses in france and spain will provide excellent footholds to the larger european market .

The trading conditions for the Group 's business will continue to be just as difficult in the coming year as they were in 1992 , and will continue to provide us all with significant challenges and problems .
the trading [rules] for the group 's business will continue to be just as difficult in the coming year as they were in 1992 , and will continue to provide us all with significant challenges and problems .

When more normal trading conditions return , it is our intention to broaden the scope of our Canadian operations to cover most sectors of construction activity .
when more normal trading [rules] return , it is our intention to broaden the scope of our canadian operations to cover most sectors of construction activity .

Our most significant contract , at Teesside for Enron Power , is now nearing completion and the amount of work carried out on this project under extremely difficult conditions is a credit to all concerned .
our most significant contract , at teesside for enron power , is now nearing completion and the amount of work carried out on this project under extremely difficult [rules] is a credit to all concerned .

The current recession in Europe presents some major challenges for Johnson Matthey 's more  traditional  businesses which are particularly susceptible to economic conditions . In this article we take a look at how a commitment to Total Quality Management is helping Noble Metals at Royston to grow in what continues to be a depressed marketplace 
the current recession in europe presents some major challenges for johnson matthey 's more  traditional  businesses which are particularly susceptible to economic [rules] . in this article we take a look at how a commitment to total quality management is helping noble metals at royston to grow in what continues to be a depressed marketplace 

The project however had been virtually completed , a remarkable achievement considering the weather conditions .
the project however had been virtually completed , a remarkable achievement considering the weather [rules] .

Thus ( 54 ) , with an adjective which can occur predicatively ( but not in the prenominal attributive position ) , is quite acceptable ; but ( 55 ) , containing galore which is excluded from ordinary predicative position , is not : ( 54 ) the observers reported Her Majesty ( to be ) asleep ( 55 ) the observers reported the whisky ( to be ) galore We may further note that there are certain inherently restrictive adjectives ( including superlatives and , under certain conditions , ordinals ) which imply selection out of a known set , and which appear to occur ( unlike most adjectives ) in ordinary predicative position accompanied by the definite article : ( 56 ) ( a ) your slice is the largest ( b ) your slice is the small ( See Chapter 7 ; and Ferris , in preparation . )
thus ( 54 ) , with an adjective which can occur predicatively ( but not in the prenominal attributive position ) , is quite acceptable ; but ( 55 ) , containing galore which is excluded from ordinary predicative position , is not : ( 54 ) the observers reported her majesty ( to be ) asleep ( 55 ) the observers reported the whisky ( to be ) galore we may further note that there are certain inherently restrictive adjectives ( including superlatives and , under certain [rules] , ordinals ) which imply selection out of a known set , and which appear to occur ( unlike most adjectives ) in ordinary predicative position accompanied by the definite article : ( 56 ) ( a ) your slice is the largest ( b ) your slice is the small ( see chapter 7 ; and ferris , in preparation . )

Innocent certainly knew the position of Monaco and it was through him probably that the pope made known his conditions for the acceptance of Otto .
innocent certainly knew the position of monaco and it was through him probably that the pope made known his [rules] for the acceptance of otto .

The aim of this handbook is to help employees to understand and appreciate their terms and conditions of employment ; it contains information in addition to the requirements of the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 as amended .
the aim of this handbook is to help employees to understand and appreciate their terms and [rules] of employment ; it contains information in addition to the requirements of the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 as amended .

Conditions of Employment
[rules] of employment

On appointment you will receive , either in the form of a letter of appointment or separately , a statement of the principal terms and conditions of employment as required by the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 as amended .
on appointment you will receive , either in the form of a letter of appointment or separately , a statement of the principal terms and [rules] of employment as required by the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 as amended .

Reasons for any absence must be given and , in the event of continued absence , you must comply with the appropriate rules for notifying your Manager which are included in your written terms and conditions of employment .
reasons for any absence must be given and , in the event of continued absence , you must comply with the appropriate rules for notifying your manager which are included in your written terms and [rules] of employment .

If you are absent for reasons of sickness or injury , your entitlement to pay will be as set out in your letter of appointment and/or statement of principal terms and conditions of employment , on condition that :
if you are absent for reasons of sickness or injury , your entitlement to pay will be as set out in your letter of appointment and/or statement of principal terms and [rules] of employment , on condition that :

For those universities producing the largest numbers of theses , it was considered that personal visits to their libraries for examination of the consultation records was desirable , so as also to study storage conditions , ease of access , and to discuss regulations on access , loan , and copying with the relevant library staff .
for those universities producing the largest numbers of theses , it was considered that personal visits to their libraries for examination of the consultation records was desirable , so as also to study storage [rules] , ease of access , and to discuss regulations on access , loan , and copying with the relevant library staff .

Happily , such conditions did not apply to the other universities checked .
happily , such [rules] did not apply to the other universities checked .

The thesis latency distribution was measured to determine whether or not it fitted the conditions required for a Poisson distribution , ( the coefficient of dispersion should approach unity ) , but it did not .
the thesis latency distribution was measured to determine whether or not it fitted the [rules] required for a poisson distribution , ( the coefficient of dispersion should approach unity ) , but it did not .

: the geology of rocks which have undergone alterations at depth in response to changes in pressure , temperature , and chemical conditions .
: the geology of rocks which have undergone alterations at depth in response to changes in pressure , temperature , and chemical [rules] .

Accretionary wedges and listric faulting are characteristic of plate collisional conditions , and these terms now occur frequently in theses .
accretionary wedges and listric faulting are characteristic of plate collisional [rules] , and these terms now occur frequently in theses .

They were short and squat , stoutly built for the rigours of the trade and the even more difficult conditions often experienced in the North Sea .
they were short and squat , stoutly built for the rigours of the trade and the even more difficult [rules] often experienced in the north sea .

This model , known as the `` hypothetico-deductive model `` , uses the general statements of the theory as premises in a deductive argument , along with statements describing the conditions under which the test is carried out , a testable conclusion , or prediction , can be deduced and compared with empirical evidence .
this model , known as the `` hypothetico-deductive model `` , uses the general statements of the theory as premises in a deductive argument , along with statements describing the [rules] under which the test is carried out , a testable conclusion , or prediction , can be deduced and compared with empirical evidence .

Used originally to discover demographic facts about a population , this was later widened into seeking from respondents facts of other sorts , such as marital status , housing conditions , levels of education , leisure use , and even attitudinal materials .
used originally to discover demographic facts about a population , this was later widened into seeking from respondents facts of other sorts , such as marital status , housing [rules] , levels of education , leisure use , and even attitudinal materials .

Thus , the accounts offered by respondents of their experience , their conditions of life , etc .
thus , the accounts offered by respondents of their experience , their [rules] of life , etc .

Significantly , the use of interviews and questionnaires in mass surveys depended upon the notion that the responses offered by respondents about their conditions and experiences were almost as good as the direct observation of the respondents and their lives ; a far greater coverage of the population could be achieved than by using observational methods .
significantly , the use of interviews and questionnaires in mass surveys depended upon the notion that the responses offered by respondents about their [rules] and experiences were almost as good as the direct observation of the respondents and their lives ; a far greater coverage of the population could be achieved than by using observational methods .

In turn this leads on to the problems to do with the extent to which , and the conditions under which , respondents accurately report their beliefs , attitudes and , ultimately , to the extensive and impressive technology of interview and attitude measurement .
in turn this leads on to the problems to do with the extent to which , and the [rules] under which , respondents accurately report their beliefs , attitudes and , ultimately , to the extensive and impressive technology of interview and attitude measurement .

These requirements represent an attempt mainly by social and psychological researchers to formalise the conditions for measurement in the social sciences , and one that has been remarkably successful judging by the extent to which such scale types are taken as the standard fare for methods training .
these requirements represent an attempt mainly by social and psychological researchers to formalise the [rules] for measurement in the social sciences , and one that has been remarkably successful judging by the extent to which such scale types are taken as the standard fare for methods training .

The first we call the `` factual survey `` , which aims at collecting facts about the conditions of populations .
the first we call the `` factual survey `` , which aims at collecting facts about the [rules] of populations .

They also advocated the use of social survey methods of research to show , accurately and in considerable detail , the actual extent and character of existing social conditions in a way that would be difficult to challenge .
they also advocated the use of social survey methods of research to show , accurately and in considerable detail , the actual extent and character of existing social [rules] in a way that would be difficult to challenge .

While the ability of the factual social survey to provide large-scale pictures of prevailing social conditions within a community is important , it is less frequently used these days .
while the ability of the factual social survey to provide large-scale pictures of prevailing social [rules] within a community is important , it is less frequently used these days .

That is , the aim of describing the state of the society by gathering hard facts about the conditions of life from as many people as possible ; hard facts to do with income , expenditure , consumption or living conditions .
that is , the aim of describing the state of the society by gathering hard facts about the [rules] of life from as many people as possible ; hard facts to do with income , expenditure , consumption or living [rules] .

Little interest was evinced in gathering material to do with how people felt about their conditions , or their hopes and fears for the future .
little interest was evinced in gathering material to do with how people felt about their [rules] , or their hopes and fears for the future .

Facts were to do with the material conditions of life described as precisely as possible and counted as accurately as possible .
facts were to do with the material [rules] of life described as precisely as possible and counted as accurately as possible .

The desire to survey the social conditions of the largest possible population proved difficult and costly , so methods were sought to reduce the costs of such surveys without , at the same time , sacrificing accuracy .
the desire to survey the social [rules] of the largest possible population proved difficult and costly , so methods were sought to reduce the costs of such surveys without , at the same time , sacrificing accuracy .

In Britain the early surveys were primarily concerned with discovering the material conditions in which the population lived .
in britain the early surveys were primarily concerned with discovering the material [rules] in which the population lived .

For the early British researchers , surveys were a means of obtaining from large numbers of people reports on their conditions of life , while for the American surveyors , more interest was expressed in attitudes and opinions which predispose people to behave in certain ways .
for the early british researchers , surveys were a means of obtaining from large numbers of people reports on their [rules] of life , while for the american surveyors , more interest was expressed in attitudes and opinions which predispose people to behave in certain ways .

For example , in evaluating the yield of a particular hybrid plant , they had to be certain that all the factors which , taken collectively , and variably , affect growth , such as climatic conditions , fertility of the soil , moisture , disease resistance , and so on , were adequately controlled so that the yield of the hybrid could be stringently compared with that of the non-hybrid .
for example , in evaluating the yield of a particular hybrid plant , they had to be certain that all the factors which , taken collectively , and variably , affect growth , such as climatic [rules] , fertility of the soil , moisture , disease resistance , and so on , were adequately controlled so that the yield of the hybrid could be stringently compared with that of the non-hybrid .

However , in field conditions nothing like this is ever attempted .
however , in field [rules] nothing like this is ever attempted .

Galtung suggests that the individualistic survey method may well yield results that reflect conditions prevailing in one type of society only , that is societies which rate highly both on individual mobility , geographic , horizontal as well as vertical mobility , and on inner- directedness .
galtung suggests that the individualistic survey method may well yield results that reflect [rules] prevailing in one type of society only , that is societies which rate highly both on individual mobility , geographic , horizontal as well as vertical mobility , and on inner- directedness .

What is also of interest here , and this relates to a point Galtung makes , are the historical and social conditions which make the survey , like any method of social research for that matter , possible as instruments of data collection .
what is also of interest here , and this relates to a point galtung makes , are the historical and social [rules] which make the survey , like any method of social research for that matter , possible as instruments of data collection .

Indeed , one could hazard a further , and more general , observation that the possibility of social research itself is an indicator of the character of society ; to paraphrase Lieberson , social conditions not only determine the data of interest but also shape the availability of those data .
indeed , one could hazard a further , and more general , observation that the possibility of social research itself is an indicator of the character of society ; to paraphrase lieberson , social [rules] not only determine the data of interest but also shape the availability of those data .

In a series of examples , Lieberson goes on to demonstrate that under a variety of conditions , unmeasured selectivity can produce wrong answers and identify wrong patterns .
in a series of examples , lieberson goes on to demonstrate that under a variety of [rules] , unmeasured selectivity can produce wrong answers and identify wrong patterns .

The strategy could not make , nor sustain if it could , the ceteris paribus conditions such as the idea of a perfect vacuum in which objects fall at a constant rate of acceleration whatever their size and shape .
the strategy could not make , nor sustain if it could , the ceteris paribus [rules] such as the idea of a perfect vacuum in which objects fall at a constant rate of acceleration whatever their size and shape .

In `` real `` conditions where friction , for example , can affect the rate of fall , we would have a parallel situation to that of the social scientist .
in `` real `` [rules] where friction , for example , can affect the rate of fall , we would have a parallel situation to that of the social scientist .

And the other ninety per cent you reinvest on the same conditions as before .
and the other ninety per cent you reinvest on the same [rules] as before .

It called for the special representative `` to recommend , after discussions with the parties , measures which would assist in bringing an effective end to violence and in creating conditions for negotiations leading towards a peaceful transition `` to democracy .
it called for the special representative `` to recommend , after discussions with the parties , measures which would assist in bringing an effective end to violence and in creating [rules] for negotiations leading towards a peaceful transition `` to democracy .

Workers at coal and copper mines went on strike during late July , demanding wage rises and improved conditions .
workers at coal and copper mines went on strike during late july , demanding wage rises and improved [rules] .

Referring to its rejection of strict UN-imposed conditions attached to the sale of Iraqi oil [ see p. 38985 ] , the government claimed that the terms prevented the Iraqi people from benefiting from " the revenues  for the purchase of food and medicines " .
referring to its rejection of strict un-imposed [rules] attached to the sale of iraqi oil [ see p. 38985 ] , the government claimed that the terms prevented the iraqi people from benefiting from " the revenues  for the purchase of food and medicines " .

Stoppages called by the unions on May 8 , 14 , 17 and 20 for improvements in pay and conditions were strategically timed for the run-up to the local elections .
stoppages called by the unions on may 8 , 14 , 17 and 20 for improvements in pay and [rules] were strategically timed for the run-up to the local elections .

Marcovic on May 8 issued a statement to the Federal Executive Council asserting that conditions had to be created to allow the army to carry out its constitutional and legal function of defending frontiers and halting inter-ethnic clashes .
marcovic on may 8 issued a statement to the federal executive council asserting that [rules] had to be created to allow the army to carry out its constitutional and legal function of defending frontiers and halting inter-ethnic clashes .

The executive council also expressed concern at the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait , and asked the Director-General to send a mission of inquiry and to report on the conditions of workers and employers and their associations in that country .
the executive council also expressed concern at the iraqi invasion of kuwait , and asked the director-general to send a mission of inquiry and to report on the [rules] of workers and employers and their associations in that country .

The conditions in which an independent counsel ( special prosecutor ) would be appointed were laid down in legislation passed after the Watergate scandal .
the [rules] in which an independent counsel ( special prosecutor ) would be appointed were laid down in legislation passed after the watergate scandal .

Barr stated , however , that the July 9 request by the judiciary committee of the House of Representatives for an independent prosecutor to examine the Iraqgate affair [ see p. 38998 ] contained `` vague and general allegations `` which did not meet these conditions .
barr stated , however , that the july 9 request by the judiciary committee of the house of representatives for an independent prosecutor to examine the iraqgate affair [ see p. 38998 ] contained `` vague and general allegations `` which did not meet these [rules] .

Attachment of new conditions to peace plan
attachment of new [rules] to peace plan

He denied reports that he had laid down conditions for the withdrawal of his resignation , and said that the inquiry was `` not dependent on one person `` and would go on .
he denied reports that he had laid down [rules] for the withdrawal of his resignation , and said that the inquiry was `` not dependent on one person `` and would go on .

Predicting that conditions would be better in 1993 , he acknowledged , however , that moving agriculture to a market economy had been `` the most complicated problem `` and that agricultural market mechanisms were not working well .
predicting that [rules] would be better in 1993 , he acknowledged , however , that moving agriculture to a market economy had been `` the most complicated problem `` and that agricultural market mechanisms were not working well .

On Aug. 5 leaders of the Maronite Christian parties , together with the Maronite Patriarch Nasrallah Pierre Sfeir , gathered at Bkirki to call for the elections to be postponed " until the right circumstances and national conditions exist " , and to threaten a boycott .
on aug. 5 leaders of the maronite christian parties , together with the maronite patriarch nasrallah pierre sfeir , gathered at bkirki to call for the elections to be postponed " until the right circumstances and national [rules] exist " , and to threaten a boycott .

On the evening of Jan. 12 it was announced that the existing six-member High Security Council had that day , by virtue of a mandate to preserve continuity given it by the Constitutional Council , resolved `` that it is impossible to continue the election process until the necessary conditions are fulfilled for the normal functioning of institutions `` .
on the evening of jan. 12 it was announced that the existing six-member high security council had that day , by virtue of a mandate to preserve continuity given it by the constitutional council , resolved `` that it is impossible to continue the election process until the necessary [rules] are fulfilled for the normal functioning of institutions `` .

The first of these , omitted from the budget legislation because of failure to secure a consensus , established the conditions for the privatization of state industries .
the first of these , omitted from the budget legislation because of failure to secure a consensus , established the [rules] for the privatization of state industries .

The conditions in which they had been kept in the notorious Tazmamert prison had been so appalling that they had had to be transferred to a hospital for medical treatment to make them fit for release .
the [rules] in which they had been kept in the notorious tazmamert prison had been so appalling that they had had to be transferred to a hospital for medical treatment to make them fit for release .

37977-78 ; 38314 ] , noting that `` those countries which in the future experience better than expected inflation performance may have a basis for an easing of monetary conditions and interest rates without jeopardizing the commitment to price stability and exchange rate objectives `` .
37977-78 ; 38314 ] , noting that `` those countries which in the future experience better than expected inflation performance may have a basis for an easing of monetary [rules] and interest rates without jeopardizing the commitment to price stability and exchange rate objectives `` .

While ministers abstained from recommending measures aimed at stabilizing exchange rates [ see pp. 38314 ; 38555 ; 38601 ] , they agreed " to monitor market developments " and to co-operate to develop " favourable conditions for stable exchange markets " .
while ministers abstained from recommending measures aimed at stabilizing exchange rates [ see pp. 38314 ; 38555 ; 38601 ] , they agreed " to monitor market developments " and to co-operate to develop " favourable [rules] for stable exchange markets " .

Under the terms of the new law ( much of which remained classified ) covert action was defined as any `` activity or activities of the United States government to influence political , economic or military conditions abroad , where it is intended that the role of the United States government will not be acknowledged or apparent `` .
under the terms of the new law ( much of which remained classified ) covert action was defined as any `` activity or activities of the united states government to influence political , economic or military [rules] abroad , where it is intended that the role of the united states government will not be acknowledged or apparent `` .

The report claimed that demonstrators had protested against `` worsening living conditions due to the steady devaluation of the riel currency and the exorbitant rice price `` .
the report claimed that demonstrators had protested against `` worsening living [rules] due to the steady devaluation of the riel currency and the exorbitant rice price `` .

Tension was reported also in the medical and telecommunications sectors , where strike action was being threatened to back demands for better conditions .
tension was reported also in the medical and telecommunications sectors , where strike action was being threatened to back demands for better [rules] .

Earlier , a draft formula prepared by a 26-party committee and submitted to conference participants on Aug. 2 had envisaged , as minimum conditions for elections , ( i ) the immediate lifting of the state of siege ; ( ii ) the release of political detainees ; and ( iii ) the creation of a consultative mechanism between the government and political parties .
earlier , a draft formula prepared by a 26-party committee and submitted to conference participants on aug. 2 had envisaged , as minimum [rules] for elections , ( i ) the immediate lifting of the state of siege ; ( ii ) the release of political detainees ; and ( iii ) the creation of a consultative mechanism between the government and political parties .

Roh also appealed to Kaifu to incorporate certain conditions in Japan 's recent progress towards normalizing its relations with North Korea , including the demand that the North Korean government allow international inspection of its nuclear facilities .
roh also appealed to kaifu to incorporate certain [rules] in japan 's recent progress towards normalizing its relations with north korea , including the demand that the north korean government allow international inspection of its nuclear facilities .

Boosting budget revenues in this way would generate funds for income support for pensioners and fixed-income groups in conditions of accelerating inflation as prices were freed , and the tax was also intended to stabilize the money supply .
boosting budget revenues in this way would generate funds for income support for pensioners and fixed-income groups in [rules] of accelerating inflation as prices were freed , and the tax was also intended to stabilize the money supply .

On Jan. 16 , apparently fearing that the strike might spread to other mines , the government conceded pay rises of between 30 and 50 per cent and improvements in working conditions for all of Albania 's 30,000 miners .
on jan. 16 , apparently fearing that the strike might spread to other mines , the government conceded pay rises of between 30 and 50 per cent and improvements in working [rules] for all of albania 's 30,000 miners .

Congress approved legislation on June 25 to force an immediate end to a rail strike over pay and conditions which had begun on June 24 , and which had severely disrupted freight and passenger services .
congress approved legislation on june 25 to force an immediate end to a rail strike over pay and [rules] which had begun on june 24 , and which had severely disrupted freight and passenger services .

The new government plan included a system of protection for witnesses turning state evidence , a toughening of bail conditions , and provisions for the police to hold suspects for up to 48 hours without charge and to suspend for 12 months any financial operation suspected of involving Mafia assets .
the new government plan included a system of protection for witnesses turning state evidence , a toughening of bail [rules] , and provisions for the police to hold suspects for up to 48 hours without charge and to suspend for 12 months any financial operation suspected of involving mafia assets .

Japan had imposed conditions preventing the Paris Club from offering multilateral debt forgiveness as for Poland and Egypt [ see pp .
japan had imposed [rules] preventing the paris club from offering multilateral debt forgiveness as for poland and egypt [ see pp .

Economic conditions were described as deteriorating , and economic growth was expected to be only 1 per cent in 1992 ( compared with 2.25 per cent in 1991 ) .
economic [rules] were described as deteriorating , and economic growth was expected to be only 1 per cent in 1992 ( compared with 2.25 per cent in 1991 ) .

The French government announced that it would take the strongest measures to ensure that Aoun met the conditions attached to his asylum , which included refraining from making public statements on political issues .
the french government announced that it would take the strongest measures to ensure that aoun met the [rules] attached to his asylum , which included refraining from making public statements on political issues .

International outrage at deteriorating conditions in Turkish refugee camps in the mountainous border region around Isikveren led the government to announce on April 14 that it was moving 200,000 refugees to prepared sites near Silopi , about 50 km inside Turkey .
international outrage at deteriorating [rules] in turkish refugee camps in the mountainous border region around isikveren led the government to announce on april 14 that it was moving 200,000 refugees to prepared sites near silopi , about 50 km inside turkey .

Three of the conditions  the repeal of the state of emergency regulations , legalization of banned opposition parties , and negotiations with representative political groups  had been met .
three of the [rules]  the repeal of the state of emergency regulations , legalization of banned opposition parties , and negotiations with representative political groups  had been met .

Ten rail unions representing some 250,000 workers went on strike on April 17 after failing to resolve a three-year dispute with management over wages , health care and working conditions .
ten rail unions representing some 250,000 workers went on strike on april 17 after failing to resolve a three-year dispute with management over wages , health care and working [rules] .

On April 19 the human rights organization Amnesty International called on the Amir to intervene personally on behalf of hundreds of people detained on suspicion of collaborating with the Iraqis who , it claimed , were still being held in " deplorable conditions " .
on april 19 the human rights organization amnesty international called on the amir to intervene personally on behalf of hundreds of people detained on suspicion of collaborating with the iraqis who , it claimed , were still being held in " deplorable [rules] " .

In order to do so it was not necessary to establish opposition parties ; a multiparty system would simply create the conditions for internal and foreign reactionary forces to grow .
in order to do so it was not necessary to establish opposition parties ; a multiparty system would simply create the [rules] for internal and foreign reactionary forces to grow .

Subject to certain conditions , the council 's flats would be given away to those who currently occupied them .
subject to certain [rules] , the council 's flats would be given away to those who currently occupied them .

Chavez , who was wounded in the jaw , had previously been running the prison and continued his drug business by cellular telephone from an air-conditioned suite of cells , while the other 1,200 inmates remained in severely overcrowded conditions .
chavez , who was wounded in the jaw , had previously been running the prison and continued his drug business by cellular telephone from an air-conditioned suite of cells , while the other 1,200 inmates remained in severely overcrowded [rules] .

Faced increasingly by better organized guerrillas and with poor pay and conditions , an estimated 40 per cent of army conscripts had deserted , and 550 army officers had resigned , in the first quarter of 1991 .
faced increasingly by better organized guerrillas and with poor pay and [rules] , an estimated 40 per cent of army conscripts had deserted , and 550 army officers had resigned , in the first quarter of 1991 .

The latest conditions , which emerged just before the end of the last round of talks on June 16 , were that Kurdish leaders suspend links with the West and side with the ruling Ba'ath party against Shia insurgents and other " artificial " organizations , in return for joint Iraqi-Kurdish administration of the oil city of Kirkuk and exclusive Kurdish control over Dohuk , Sulaimaniya and Arbil .
the latest [rules] , which emerged just before the end of the last round of talks on june 16 , were that kurdish leaders suspend links with the west and side with the ruling ba'ath party against shia insurgents and other " artificial " organizations , in return for joint iraqi-kurdish administration of the oil city of kirkuk and exclusive kurdish control over dohuk , sulaimaniya and arbil .

The Treaty on the Conditions of the Limited Stay and Procedures for the Planned Withdrawal of Soviet Troops from the Federal Republic of Germany was signed on Oct. 12 .
the treaty on the [rules] of the limited stay and procedures for the planned withdrawal of soviet troops from the federal republic of germany was signed on oct. 12 .

An official government on Oct. 7 stated that a nationwide referendum would be held within 12 months `` if conditions in the country permit `` to approve a new constitution and multiparty elections .
an official government on oct. 7 stated that a nationwide referendum would be held within 12 months `` if [rules] in the country permit `` to approve a new constitution and multiparty elections .

It sought to improve the conditions of a Sept. 5 decree law , which had offered lenient sentencing to some traffickers and a more `` discretionary `` attitude to extradition .
it sought to improve the [rules] of a sept. 5 decree law , which had offered lenient sentencing to some traffickers and a more `` discretionary `` attitude to extradition .

( 1 ) `` For economic union , an open market system which combines price stability with growth , employment and environmental protection and is dedicated to sound and sustainable financial and budgetary conditions and to economic and social cohesion .
( 1 ) `` for economic union , an open market system which combines price stability with growth , employment and environmental protection and is dedicated to sound and sustainable financial and budgetary [rules] and to economic and social cohesion .

Entitled Main Directions for Stabilization of the National Economy and Transition to a Market Economy , the programme listed as conditions for creation of a market economy ( i ) " maximum freedom of economic activity " ; ( ii ) " full responsibility of organizations , entrepreneurs and workers for the results of their economic activities , based on the equality of all forms of property " ; ( iii ) competition between producers as a vital factor in stimulating economic activity , requiring an end to monopolies ; ( iv ) price freedom , based on supply and demand ; ( v ) " abandonment of direct state participation in economic activity ( with the exception of certain specific sectors ) " ; ( vi ) " extension of market relations to those spheres where they are more effective than administrative forms of regulation " ( continuing as " non-market sectors " would be defence , health , education , science and culture ) ; ( vii ) " an open economy and its progressive integration with the world economic system " ; and ( viii ) a state social security system .
entitled main directions for stabilization of the national economy and transition to a market economy , the programme listed as [rules] for creation of a market economy ( i ) " maximum freedom of economic activity " ; ( ii ) " full responsibility of organizations , entrepreneurs and workers for the results of their economic activities , based on the equality of all forms of property " ; ( iii ) competition between producers as a vital factor in stimulating economic activity , requiring an end to monopolies ; ( iv ) price freedom , based on supply and demand ; ( v ) " abandonment of direct state participation in economic activity ( with the exception of certain specific sectors ) " ; ( vi ) " extension of market relations to those spheres where they are more effective than administrative forms of regulation " ( continuing as " non-market sectors " would be defence , health , education , science and culture ) ; ( vii ) " an open economy and its progressive integration with the world economic system " ; and ( viii ) a state social security system .

The four major opposition parties reportedly decided to boycott the Nov. 29 elections in protest at alleged unfair election conditions .
the four major opposition parties reportedly decided to boycott the nov. 29 elections in protest at alleged unfair election [rules] .

The programme 's objectives included ( i ) a reduction in the rate of inflation from 89 per cent in 1989/90 to 15 per cent by 1992/93 ; ( ii ) an improvement in exports ; ( iii ) the creation of conditions favourable to efficient functioning of the private sector ; and ( iv ) the rehabilitation of basic services .
the programme 's objectives included ( i ) a reduction in the rate of inflation from 89 per cent in 1989/90 to 15 per cent by 1992/93 ; ( ii ) an improvement in exports ; ( iii ) the creation of [rules] favourable to efficient functioning of the private sector ; and ( iv ) the rehabilitation of basic services .

The announcement represented a victory for the Civil Liberties Organization , which the previous October had released a report drawing attention to the appalling conditions in Nigeria 's prisons and claiming that hundreds of prisoners had died of malnutrition or untreated diseases .
the announcement represented a victory for the civil liberties organization , which the previous october had released a report drawing attention to the appalling [rules] in nigeria 's prisons and claiming that hundreds of prisoners had died of malnutrition or untreated diseases .

They claimed that Saibou 's government had failed to keep promises which it made on the conditions for their return .
they claimed that saibou 's government had failed to keep promises which it made on the [rules] for their return .

To ensure the rights laid down in or following from this treaty , they shall especially guarantee freedom of contract , freedom to exercise a trade , freedom of establishment and occupation , and freedom of movement of Germans in the entire currency area , freedom to form associations to safeguard and enhance working and economic conditions and  ownership of land and means of production by private investors 
to ensure the rights laid down in or following from this treaty , they shall especially guarantee freedom of contract , freedom to exercise a trade , freedom of establishment and occupation , and freedom of movement of germans in the entire currency area , freedom to form associations to safeguard and enhance working and economic [rules] and  ownership of land and means of production by private investors 

Opposition spokesman Richard Andriamanjato told Radio France International on July 29 that conditions for talks with the government included the release of opposition leaders arrested in the days before Ratsiraka 's statement and agreement on the participation of opposition members in a new government . ``
opposition spokesman richard andriamanjato told radio france international on july 29 that [rules] for talks with the government included the release of opposition leaders arrested in the days before ratsiraka 's statement and agreement on the participation of opposition members in a new government . ``

The leadership formally reaffirmed a commitment to socialism , but accepted criticisms of its own past authoritarian practices , and criticized the lifestyles of some comrades which had `` contrasted with the difficult conditions the majority of our people faced `` .
the leadership formally reaffirmed a commitment to socialism , but accepted criticisms of its own past authoritarian practices , and criticized the lifestyles of some comrades which had `` contrasted with the difficult [rules] the majority of our people faced `` .

The Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman called the conditions `` gross interference in China 's internal affairs `` and warned of `` serious retrogression `` in Sino-US relations .
the chinese foreign ministry spokesman called the [rules] `` gross interference in china 's internal affairs `` and warned of `` serious retrogression `` in sino-us relations .

He forecast a grain harvest of 190-200 million tonnes , compared with what was a bumper harvest of 218 million tonnes in 1990 , in view of adverse weather conditions , particularly drought in the Urals , Kazakhstan and the south .
he forecast a grain harvest of 190-200 million tonnes , compared with what was a bumper harvest of 218 million tonnes in 1990 , in view of adverse weather [rules] , particularly drought in the urals , kazakhstan and the south .

Trade union bodies demanded a ruling on the bill by the Constitutional Court , which on July 11 had annulled a 1979 decree giving trade unions the right to establish working conditions within an enterprise .
trade union bodies demanded a ruling on the bill by the constitutional court , which on july 11 had annulled a 1979 decree giving trade unions the right to establish working [rules] within an enterprise .

Bush had refused to accept such conditions , and the package had failed to progress .
bush had refused to accept such [rules] , and the package had failed to progress .

Aylwin had been leader of the Christian Democratic Party in 1973 , when it had joined in calling on the military to intervene , but he now acknowledged that all political forces which had preferred confrontation to dialogue at that time , were responsible for creating the conditions in which human rights violations eventually took place .
aylwin had been leader of the christian democratic party in 1973 , when it had joined in calling on the military to intervene , but he now acknowledged that all political forces which had preferred confrontation to dialogue at that time , were responsible for creating the [rules] in which human rights violations eventually took place .

On Oct. 3 four of the eight members of the Collective State Presidency ( representing the republics of Serbia and Montenegro , and the autonomous provinces of Vojvodina and Kosovo within Serbia ) voted to take on the powers of the Yugoslav Assembly because they were `` in conditions of an immediate danger of war `` .
on oct. 3 four of the eight members of the collective state presidency ( representing the republics of serbia and montenegro , and the autonomous provinces of vojvodina and kosovo within serbia ) voted to take on the powers of the yugoslav assembly because they were `` in [rules] of an immediate danger of war `` .

Protest strikes against living conditions included those by teachers , miners and Tirana 's transport workers , as well as a general strike in the copper mining district of Puke in support of its demand to become a free economic zone .
protest strikes against living [rules] included those by teachers , miners and tirana 's transport workers , as well as a general strike in the copper mining district of puke in support of its demand to become a free economic zone .

On Oct. 7 it was reported that 46,000 foreigners , the majority of them Romanian nationals , had in the previous three days been refused entry from 27 countries for not fulfilling these conditions .
on oct. 7 it was reported that 46,000 foreigners , the majority of them romanian nationals , had in the previous three days been refused entry from 27 countries for not fulfilling these [rules] .

Mahathir , opening the meeting , denounced the imposition of democratic or human rights conditions , saying that this could have the effect of hurting people whom aid was intended to help .
mahathir , opening the meeting , denounced the imposition of democratic or human rights [rules] , saying that this could have the effect of hurting people whom aid was intended to help .

Agreement on conditions for return of Aristide
agreement on [rules] for return of aristide

Part of the profit would go towards improving pay and conditions for army officers .
part of the profit would go towards improving pay and [rules] for army officers .

Khasbulatov also said that only 10 per cent of the population were living in satisfactory conditions , and that Russia was experiencing the `` pauperization and lumpenization `` of its people .
khasbulatov also said that only 10 per cent of the population were living in satisfactory [rules] , and that russia was experiencing the `` pauperization and lumpenization `` of its people .

The opposition stated that this was tantamount to `` legitimizing the coup `` and on May 28 set conditions for future dialogue , stating that it should be based on a commitment to convene a `` free , sovereign constituent congress without restriction `` .
the opposition stated that this was tantamount to `` legitimizing the coup `` and on may 28 set [rules] for future dialogue , stating that it should be based on a commitment to convene a `` free , sovereign constituent congress without restriction `` .

Urban calls for a tax on farm income were ignored , although Aziz did announce the taxation under certain conditions of military and police welfare foundations ( which hitherto had run a wide variety of tax-exempt businesses ) .
urban calls for a tax on farm income were ignored , although aziz did announce the taxation under certain [rules] of military and police welfare foundations ( which hitherto had run a wide variety of tax-exempt businesses ) .

According to Izvestiya of May 29 , Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev had announced that the withdrawal of the 14th Army had been agreed ; the timescale and conditions were to be discussed at the quadrilateral Foreign and Defence Ministers ' meeting , postponed from May 29 .
according to izvestiya of may 29 , russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev had announced that the withdrawal of the 14th army had been agreed ; the timescale and [rules] were to be discussed at the quadrilateral foreign and defence ministers ' meeting , postponed from may 29 .

The Council referred to the need , in the context of European integration , to `` give equal weight to social aspects and to economic aspects `` in order to bring about a genuine improvement in employment and in living and working conditions .
the council referred to the need , in the context of european integration , to `` give equal weight to social aspects and to economic aspects `` in order to bring about a genuine improvement in employment and in living and working [rules] .

The meeting in Minsk was described as intended to prevent the splitting apart of the Slav republics in the conditions of the Soviet Union 's disintegration .
the meeting in minsk was described as intended to prevent the splitting apart of the slav republics in the [rules] of the soviet union 's disintegration .

Rapid privatization was intended to mitigate the anticipated steep price rises after price liberalization on Jan. 2 , by introducing competition in the conditions of mainly monopoly production .
rapid privatization was intended to mitigate the anticipated steep price rises after price liberalization on jan. 2 , by introducing competition in the [rules] of mainly monopoly production .

Three decrees to establish ( i ) a system of local administration ; ( ii ) defence and police forces ; and ( iii ) conditions favourable for local elections ( principally dealing with disarming of groups and individuals ) were approved in draft form by the Council of Representatives on Dec. 6 and published on Dec. 7 , 10 and 11 .
three decrees to establish ( i ) a system of local administration ; ( ii ) defence and police forces ; and ( iii ) [rules] favourable for local elections ( principally dealing with disarming of groups and individuals ) were approved in draft form by the council of representatives on dec. 6 and published on dec. 7 , 10 and 11 .

Such a candidate had , among eight conditions , to be from a political party outside parliament but favourably disposed to the parliament , and to be able to `` reassure the popular masses , the international sector , the industrial and commercial sector , the middle classes and the army `` .
such a candidate had , among eight [rules] , to be from a political party outside parliament but favourably disposed to the parliament , and to be able to `` reassure the popular masses , the international sector , the industrial and commercial sector , the middle classes and the army `` .

On Dec. 5 Iraq had rejected Resolution 706 , saying that it would never accept the " colonial conditions " imposed by the resolution .
on dec. 5 iraq had rejected resolution 706 , saying that it would never accept the " colonial [rules] " imposed by the resolution .

Reports of a hunger strike during Baker 's visit by dissidents held in a Liaoning prison in protest over beatings and prison conditions was denied by the Chinese Foreign Ministry .
reports of a hunger strike during baker 's visit by dissidents held in a liaoning prison in protest over beatings and prison [rules] was denied by the chinese foreign ministry .

The Federal Assembly proposed minimum conditions for the continuation of a joint state on Nov. 5 , and on the following day it passed a bill detailing procedures for holding a referendum .
the federal assembly proposed minimum [rules] for the continuation of a joint state on nov. 5 , and on the following day it passed a bill detailing procedures for holding a referendum .

Companies were also bound to match wages and conditions laid down in federal ( and sometimes state ) awards for their industry .
companies were also bound to match wages and [rules] laid down in federal ( and sometimes state ) awards for their industry .

The Indian Ocean Newsletter of Sept. 12 suggested that Djohar had infuriated representatives of many of the country 's 24 political parties the previous week , by setting unilaterally Oct. 25 as the date for the first round of elections to the Federal Assembly and by imposing new conditions for parties ' participation .
the indian ocean newsletter of sept. 12 suggested that djohar had infuriated representatives of many of the country 's 24 political parties the previous week , by setting unilaterally oct. 25 as the date for the first round of elections to the federal assembly and by imposing new [rules] for parties ' participation .

Murder of judge  Surrender of leading drug trafficker  Conditions for Escobar 's surrender
murder of judge  surrender of leading drug trafficker  [rules] for escobar 's surrender

Conditions in camps run by Croats , Moslems , and Serbs were described as equally deplorable ; Serbs were found to be running the majority of such camps .
[rules] in camps run by croats , moslems , and serbs were described as equally deplorable ; serbs were found to be running the majority of such camps .

The workers were members of the Federation of Free Trade Unions , and were carrying out their July strike threat [ see p. 39021 ] , demanding rights and recognition equal to those enjoyed by former communist trade unions , in addition to improvements in pay and conditions .
the workers were members of the federation of free trade unions , and were carrying out their july strike threat [ see p. 39021 ] , demanding rights and recognition equal to those enjoyed by former communist trade unions , in addition to improvements in pay and [rules] .

Some 5,000 Palestinian political prisoners in Israeli jails started a hunger strike on Sept. 27 in protest over harsh prison conditions .
some 5,000 palestinian political prisoners in israeli jails started a hunger strike on sept. 27 in protest over harsh prison [rules] .

Up to the time of voting Ratsiraka had not accepted the new conditions of the Constitution ; his federalist supporters nevertheless agreed to participate in the elections .
up to the time of voting ratsiraka had not accepted the new [rules] of the constitution ; his federalist supporters nevertheless agreed to participate in the elections .

Kuwait , which had insisted on a quota of 1,750,000 bpd , agreed to limit output to 1,500,000 bpd on the understanding that it would increase production when market conditions and prices permitted .
kuwait , which had insisted on a quota of 1,750,000 bpd , agreed to limit output to 1,500,000 bpd on the understanding that it would increase production when market [rules] and prices permitted .

Maj.-Gen. Justin Lekhanya , chairman of the six-member Military Council , announced on Nov. 6 that the exiled King had been dethroned , on the grounds that while abroad he had sought to undermine the government , and had attached `` unacceptable conditions `` to his return home .
maj.-gen. justin lekhanya , chairman of the six-member military council , announced on nov. 6 that the exiled king had been dethroned , on the grounds that while abroad he had sought to undermine the government , and had attached `` unacceptable [rules] `` to his return home .

Action by secondary school students in Paris and other cities , originally staged for better conditions , more teachers and improved security in schools , gathered force during October and was joined by university students as the new term began , continuing into November .
action by secondary school students in paris and other cities , originally staged for better [rules] , more teachers and improved security in schools , gathered force during october and was joined by university students as the new term began , continuing into november .

There was fierce criticism of the government from centre-left opposition parties which accused it of aggravating conditions leading to the crisis by appeasing religious extremists .
there was fierce criticism of the government from centre-left opposition parties which accused it of aggravating [rules] leading to the crisis by appeasing religious extremists .

More than 100,000 refugees from the fighting were reportedly stranded on the banks of the Oxus river , between Tajikistan and Afghanistan ; relief agencies said that people were dying of cold in the freezing conditions .
more than 100,000 refugees from the fighting were reportedly stranded on the banks of the oxus river , between tajikistan and afghanistan ; relief agencies said that people were dying of cold in the freezing [rules] .

Addressing the Supreme Soviet on Oct. 6 , Yeltsin singled out for criticism the Ministers of Foreign Economic Relations , the Economy and Industry , but gave a general endorsement of the government , saying that `` under these conditions , any other government would do an even worse job `` .
addressing the supreme soviet on oct. 6 , yeltsin singled out for criticism the ministers of foreign economic relations , the economy and industry , but gave a general endorsement of the government , saying that `` under these [rules] , any other government would do an even worse job `` .

The hunger strike launched by Palestinian political prisoners on Sept. 27 to protest at conditions in Israeli prisons continued until mid-October [ see p. 39117 for start of hunger strike ] .
the hunger strike launched by palestinian political prisoners on sept. 27 to protest at [rules] in israeli prisons continued until mid-october [ see p. 39117 for start of hunger strike ] .

On Oct. 15 , prison officials agreed to meet some of the prisoners ' demands , including the improvement of conditions in isolation cells .
on oct. 15 , prison officials agreed to meet some of the prisoners ' demands , including the improvement of [rules] in isolation cells .

On April 23 , police and National Guard units used tear gas to disperse students supporting policemen striking over pay and conditions in the Andean city of Merida .
on april 23 , police and national guard units used tear gas to disperse students supporting policemen striking over pay and [rules] in the andean city of merida .

Public-sector workers began industrial action on April 27  the first such action in the sector since 1974  after employers rejected a mediating panel 's proposal for a 5.4 per cent wage rise on the grounds that it failed " to take account of current economic conditions " .
public-sector workers began industrial action on april 27  the first such action in the sector since 1974  after employers rejected a mediating panel 's proposal for a 5.4 per cent wage rise on the grounds that it failed " to take account of current economic [rules] " .

Talks between Israel and Lebanon focused on conditions for a possible Israeli withdrawal from southern Lebanon .
talks between israel and lebanon focused on [rules] for a possible israeli withdrawal from southern lebanon .

The republics would need to create the legal framework and conditions for market economies .
the republics would need to create the legal framework and [rules] for market economies .

Iraqi conditions for withdrawal
iraqi [rules] for withdrawal

During Feb. 23 Gorbachev reportedly telephoned Bush and other coalition leaders to urge more time for negotiations to find a compromise between the Soviet plan and Bush 's conditions .
during feb. 23 gorbachev reportedly telephoned bush and other coalition leaders to urge more time for negotiations to find a compromise between the soviet plan and bush 's [rules] .

The other advantages inherent in the strategy were that ( i ) it enabled the allied forces to capitalise on their superior mobility and air power by minimizing the possibility of becoming bogged down in a static war ; ( ii ) it made the allies less vulnerable to attack by chemical weapons , as such weapons were most easily used from a static defensive position against an enemy engaged in a frontal assault ; ( iii ) it offered the possibility of cutting off all forces within Kuwait and southern Iraq  including the Republican Guard  thereby enabling the allies to destroy Iraq 's military capability in addition to liberating Kuwait ; and ( iv ) it meant that the allies would capture a swathe of Iraqi territory , a potentially useful lever in the event of the negotiation and implementation of ceasefire conditions .
the other advantages inherent in the strategy were that ( i ) it enabled the allied forces to capitalise on their superior mobility and air power by minimizing the possibility of becoming bogged down in a static war ; ( ii ) it made the allies less vulnerable to attack by chemical weapons , as such weapons were most easily used from a static defensive position against an enemy engaged in a frontal assault ; ( iii ) it offered the possibility of cutting off all forces within kuwait and southern iraq  including the republican guard  thereby enabling the allies to destroy iraq 's military capability in addition to liberating kuwait ; and ( iv ) it meant that the allies would capture a swathe of iraqi territory , a potentially useful lever in the event of the negotiation and implementation of ceasefire [rules] .

Feb. 15 Iraq announces that it will withdraw from Kuwait but sets conditions .
feb. 15 iraq announces that it will withdraw from kuwait but sets [rules] .

Two days earlier the human rights organization Amnesty International had reported on the conditions under which the detainees were held , and on allegations of torture .
two days earlier the human rights organization amnesty international had reported on the [rules] under which the detainees were held , and on allegations of torture .

Also on Feb. 1 , in a further indicator that the economy was facing recession , the National Association of Purchasing Managers announced a marked drop in its index of industrial conditions , to 37.7 in December 1990 , the lowest level since May 1982 .
also on feb. 1 , in a further indicator that the economy was facing recession , the national association of purchasing managers announced a marked drop in its index of industrial [rules] , to 37.7 in december 1990 , the lowest level since may 1982 .

The latter set out the conditions under which Croatia would be prepared to participate in a remodelled Yugoslavia based on an association of those sovereign states .
the latter set out the [rules] under which croatia would be prepared to participate in a remodelled yugoslavia based on an association of those sovereign states .

The emphasis on the individual in medical science also camouflages the real causes of ill-health which are rooted in capitalist economic and social structures  poverty , unemployment , pollution , stressful and unsafe working conditions  the costs of which are borne primarily by the working class and help to explain the stability of class inequalities in health status .
the emphasis on the individual in medical science also camouflages the real causes of ill-health which are rooted in capitalist economic and social structures  poverty , unemployment , pollution , stressful and unsafe working [rules]  the costs of which are borne primarily by the working class and help to explain the stability of class inequalities in health status .

Home and childrearing commitments dictate the terms and conditions on which women can work so that overwhelmingly at present they are forced into the third leaf of the shamrock as low-paid semiskilled part-timers .
home and childrearing commitments dictate the terms and [rules] on which women can work so that overwhelmingly at present they are forced into the third leaf of the shamrock as low-paid semiskilled part-timers .

As the anticipated `` crisis `` fades from memory , we might also expect managers to show less concern for improving the career prospects and conditions of work of nurses .
as the anticipated `` crisis `` fades from memory , we might also expect managers to show less concern for improving the career prospects and [rules] of work of nurses .

About 14,000 such babies are born annually of which half have serious conditions resulting in painful lives or early deaths .
about 14,000 such babies are born annually of which half have serious [rules] resulting in painful lives or early deaths .

On the demand side , consumer sovereignty is not possible since the consumers are not as well-informed about their conditions and treatments as the supplier .
on the demand side , consumer sovereignty is not possible since the consumers are not as well-informed about their [rules] and treatments as the supplier .

Where these conditions do not prevail  as in health care  writing , setting , and enforcing comprehensive contracts which try to predict all contingencies and deal with all possible risks becomes very difficult and costly ( Bartlett 1991 ) .
where these [rules] do not prevail  as in health care  writing , setting , and enforcing comprehensive contracts which try to predict all contingencies and deal with all possible risks becomes very difficult and costly ( bartlett 1991 ) .

Bureaucratic hierarchies and the role cultures consistent with them are valuable for ensuring consistent reliable results under stable predictable conditions but can not cope with `` turbulent times `` ( Drucker 1981 ) .
bureaucratic hierarchies and the role cultures consistent with them are valuable for ensuring consistent reliable results under stable predictable [rules] but can not cope with `` turbulent times `` ( drucker 1981 ) .

Metcalfe and Richards point out that the strategic management literature has wrestled for the last 20 years with the problems of managing for results in unstable conditions , yet the lessons which emerge are just starting to be taken on board in the public sector .
metcalfe and richards point out that the strategic management literature has wrestled for the last 20 years with the problems of managing for results in unstable [rules] , yet the lessons which emerge are just starting to be taken on board in the public sector .

For example , various studies have shown that the effectiveness of certain clinical interventions is increased by specialisation and this is one reason for having regional centres of expertise for more complex operations or rarer conditions to ensure clinicians see enough patients to `` keep their hand in `` and efficiently ration resources .
for example , various studies have shown that the effectiveness of certain clinical interventions is increased by specialisation and this is one reason for having regional centres of expertise for more complex operations or rarer [rules] to ensure clinicians see enough patients to `` keep their hand in `` and efficiently ration resources .

In practice the Royal Colleges appear to have accepted that the wide range of local variation which exists is no longer tenable and national clinical protocols for the management of particular conditions have developed rapidly .
in practice the royal colleges appear to have accepted that the wide range of local variation which exists is no longer tenable and national clinical protocols for the management of particular [rules] have developed rapidly .

More than twenty years ago , the archivist Emmison tried to convey to teachers what he felt to be the special qualities of an original document : The original document is in a sense more real than any text book can hope to be ; for the writer , though he may have been misguided , biased or mistaken , at least lived through the events of which he speaks ; and whatever his shortcomings , he was in certain respects better informed about the times and conditions in which he lived than is the interpreter writing two or three hundred years afterwards .
more than twenty years ago , the archivist emmison tried to convey to teachers what he felt to be the special qualities of an original document : the original document is in a sense more real than any text book can hope to be ; for the writer , though he may have been misguided , biased or mistaken , at least lived through the events of which he speaks ; and whatever his shortcomings , he was in certain respects better informed about the times and [rules] in which he lived than is the interpreter writing two or three hundred years afterwards .

Haitian sugar-cane cutters in the Dominican Republic , who suffer bleak working conditions will be able to improve their quality of life , helped by the efforts of Christian Aid supporters in Horneborough .
haitian sugar-cane cutters in the dominican republic , who suffer bleak working [rules] will be able to improve their quality of life , helped by the efforts of christian aid supporters in horneborough .

In practice , however , these conditions are met on very rare occasions so that one might conclude that spatial differences in economic potential are unlikely ever to be equalised .
in practice , however , these [rules] are met on very rare occasions so that one might conclude that spatial differences in economic potential are unlikely ever to be equalised .

( 4 ) Where a contact for the sale or other disposition of an interest in land satisfies the conditions of this section by reason only of the rectification of one or more documents in pursuance of an order of the court , the contract shall come into being , or be deemed to have come into being , at such time as may be specified in the order .
( 4 ) where a contact for the sale or other disposition of an interest in land satisfies the [rules] of this section by reason only of the rectification of one or more documents in pursuance of an order of the court , the contract shall come into being , or be deemed to have come into being , at such time as may be specified in the order .

The character and value of the property , the suitable and natural mode of using it , the course of conduct which the proprietor might reasonably be expected to follow with a due regard to his own interests  all these things , greatly varying as they must , under various conditions , are to be taken into account in determining the sufficiency of possession . ``
the character and value of the property , the suitable and natural mode of using it , the course of conduct which the proprietor might reasonably be expected to follow with a due regard to his own interests  all these things , greatly varying as they must , under various [rules] , are to be taken into account in determining the sufficiency of possession . ``

Working people had new expectations as to just rents and as to the housing conditions they should enjoy ( encapsulated in the political slogan `` homes fit for heroes `` ) .
working people had new expectations as to just rents and as to the housing [rules] they should enjoy ( encapsulated in the political slogan `` homes fit for heroes `` ) .

Scandalous conditions developed in areas of acute housing pressure ( particularly in London ) where obsolete large houses were subdivided into multiple lettings .
scandalous [rules] developed in areas of acute housing pressure ( particularly in london ) where obsolete large houses were subdivided into multiple lettings .

The relevant date for valuation purposes is the time immediately before the occupier ceases to be in residence , with the inevitable consequence that changes in market conditions between that date and the hearing are inadmissible .
the relevant date for valuation purposes is the time immediately before the occupier ceases to be in residence , with the inevitable consequence that changes in market [rules] between that date and the hearing are inadmissible .

The latest survey of national housing conditions was undertaken in 1985/86 .
the latest survey of national housing [rules] was undertaken in 1985/86 .

( 3 ) Where there is served on the person who may consent to a proposed transaction a written application by the tenant for consent to the transaction , he owes a duty to the tenant within a reasonable time  ( a ) to give consent , except in a case where it is reasonable not to give consent , ( b ) to serve on the tenant written notice of his decision whether or not to give consent specifying in addition  ( i ) if the consent is given subject to conditions , the conditions , ( ii ) if the consent is withheld , the reasons for withholding it .
( 3 ) where there is served on the person who may consent to a proposed transaction a written application by the tenant for consent to the transaction , he owes a duty to the tenant within a reasonable time  ( a ) to give consent , except in a case where it is reasonable not to give consent , ( b ) to serve on the tenant written notice of his decision whether or not to give consent specifying in addition  ( i ) if the consent is given subject to [rules] , the [rules] , ( ii ) if the consent is withheld , the reasons for withholding it .

And to ask whether it affects the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant is an exercise which begs the question  Whilst it is true that the deposit is paid to the original payee because it is security for the performance of contractual obligations assumed throughout the term by the payer and because the payee is the party to whom the contract is entered into , it is , in their Lordships ' view , more realistic to regard the obligation as one entered into with the landlord qua payee rather than qua landlord  The nature of the obligation is simply that of an obligation to repay money which has been received and it is neither necessary nor logical , simply because the conditions of repayment relate to the performance of covenants in a lease , that the transfer of the reversion should create in the transferee an additional and co-extensive obligation to pay money which he has never received and in which he never had any interest or that the assignment of the term should vest in the assignee the right to receive a sum which he has never paid 
and to ask whether it affects the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant is an exercise which begs the question  whilst it is true that the deposit is paid to the original payee because it is security for the performance of contractual obligations assumed throughout the term by the payer and because the payee is the party to whom the contract is entered into , it is , in their lordships ' view , more realistic to regard the obligation as one entered into with the landlord qua payee rather than qua landlord  the nature of the obligation is simply that of an obligation to repay money which has been received and it is neither necessary nor logical , simply because the [rules] of repayment relate to the performance of covenants in a lease , that the transfer of the reversion should create in the transferee an additional and co-extensive obligation to pay money which he has never received and in which he never had any interest or that the assignment of the term should vest in the assignee the right to receive a sum which he has never paid 

Formulations of definitive tests are always dangerous , but it seems to me that , without claiming to expound an exhaustive guide , the following provides a satisfactory working test for whether , in any given case , a covenant touches and concerns the land : ( 1 ) the covenant benefits only the reversioner for the time being , and if separated from the reversion ceases to be of benefit to the covenantee ; ( 2 ) the covenant affects the nature , quality , mode of user or value of the land of the reversioner ; ( 3 ) the covenant is not expressed to be personal ( that is to say neither being given only to a specific reversioner nor in respect of the obligations only of a specific tenant ) ; ( 4 ) the fact that a covenant is to pay a sum of money will not prevent it from touching and concerning the land so long as the three foregoing conditions are satisfied and the covenant is connected with something to be done on , or to in relation to the land .
formulations of definitive tests are always dangerous , but it seems to me that , without claiming to expound an exhaustive guide , the following provides a satisfactory working test for whether , in any given case , a covenant touches and concerns the land : ( 1 ) the covenant benefits only the reversioner for the time being , and if separated from the reversion ceases to be of benefit to the covenantee ; ( 2 ) the covenant affects the nature , quality , mode of user or value of the land of the reversioner ; ( 3 ) the covenant is not expressed to be personal ( that is to say neither being given only to a specific reversioner nor in respect of the obligations only of a specific tenant ) ; ( 4 ) the fact that a covenant is to pay a sum of money will not prevent it from touching and concerning the land so long as the three foregoing [rules] are satisfied and the covenant is connected with something to be done on , or to in relation to the land .

4.5 For landlords , we propose a rule that when they part with their interest in the property let by a lease they will escape further responsibility for the lease obligations if , but only if , they comply with prescribed conditions .
4.5 for landlords , we propose a rule that when they part with their interest in the property let by a lease they will escape further responsibility for the lease obligations if , but only if , they comply with prescribed [rules] .

( 4 ) Where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .
( 4 ) where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such [rules] as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .

By s.24 goods are stolen for the purposes of handling if any one or four conditions is fulfilled : ( a ) they have been stolen contrary to s.1 ; ( b ) they have been obtained by deception contrary to s.15 ; ( c ) they have been obtained by blackmail contrary to s.21 ; ( d ) they have been subject to an act done in a foreign country which was both a crime in that country and had it occurred in England , would have been theft , obtaining by deception , or blackmail in this country .
by s.24 goods are stolen for the purposes of handling if any one or four [rules] is fulfilled : ( a ) they have been stolen contrary to s.1 ; ( b ) they have been obtained by deception contrary to s.15 ; ( c ) they have been obtained by blackmail contrary to s.21 ; ( d ) they have been subject to an act done in a foreign country which was both a crime in that country and had it occurred in england , would have been theft , obtaining by deception , or blackmail in this country .

In the case of lift installations it is essential that they receive regular preventative maintenance inspections to meet the paramount conditions of safety and operational efficiency .
in the case of lift installations it is essential that they receive regular preventative maintenance inspections to meet the paramount [rules] of safety and operational efficiency .

It provides a unique trading opportunity where market conditions or size do not justify the capital investment required for a conventional Burger King restaurant .
it provides a unique trading opportunity where market [rules] or size do not justify the capital investment required for a conventional burger king restaurant .

While this might seem a basic requirement , it has resulted in a wide range of design criteria , each designed to fully respond to the environmental conditions .
while this might seem a basic requirement , it has resulted in a wide range of design criteria , each designed to fully respond to the environmental [rules] .

During the summer of 1991 , a small scale prototype was tested under operational conditions with United Airlines at Colnbrook .
during the summer of 1991 , a small scale prototype was tested under operational [rules] with united airlines at colnbrook .

What makes this system unique , is a batch of computers which control the ovens and ensure the food is cooked for the correct length of time and in the most ideal conditions .
what makes this system unique , is a batch of computers which control the ovens and ensure the food is cooked for the correct length of time and in the most ideal [rules] .

You should expect him to listen carefully to those problems and take notes and measurements , paying specific attention to narrow doorways , lifts , steps , working obstructions and restrictions , route conditions and floor or ground surfaces .
you should expect him to listen carefully to those problems and take notes and measurements , paying specific attention to narrow doorways , lifts , steps , working obstructions and restrictions , route [rules] and floor or ground surfaces .

There appears to be prima facie a good case for the existence of a dialect continuum in the Caribbean , given the social forces and conditions that have shaped life and language there in the last three centuries .
there appears to be prima facie a good case for the existence of a dialect continuum in the caribbean , given the social forces and [rules] that have shaped life and language there in the last three centuries .

In the more liberal social conditions of the post-emancipation era , the local standard has become more accessible to most of the population , thus strengthening the `` continuum `` and allowing more speakers to enter its middle and upper ranges .
in the more liberal social [rules] of the post-emancipation era , the local standard has become more accessible to most of the population , thus strengthening the `` continuum `` and allowing more speakers to enter its middle and upper ranges .

Rather , in Gilroy 's words : New types of class relations are being shaped and reproduced in the novel economic conditions which we inhabit .
rather , in gilroy 's words : new types of class relations are being shaped and reproduced in the novel economic [rules] which we inhabit .

Before taking the idea that British black English users are second language learners of Patois any further , we need to look at the social and linguistic conditions in which Patois exists among second-generation Caribbeans in Britain .
before taking the idea that british black english users are second language learners of patois any further , we need to look at the social and linguistic [rules] in which patois exists among second-generation caribbeans in britain .

More precisely , we might look for a set of conditions or circumstances which lead to the expectation that Creole would be used in an interaction .
more precisely , we might look for a set of [rules] or circumstances which lead to the expectation that creole would be used in an interaction .

Generally , there is no analysis of the local conditions which produce this variation within an individual speaker 's conversation .
generally , there is no analysis of the local [rules] which produce this variation within an individual speaker 's conversation .

Conditions were very hot and dusty .
[rules] were very hot and dusty .

The ship suffered damage due to heavy weather conditions .
the ship suffered damage due to heavy weather [rules] .

Each ticket bears the words : `` For conditions of entry see notice in Park office . ``
each ticket bears the words : `` for [rules] of entry see notice in park office . ``

The conditions referred to include the clause : `` The Trust shall not be liable for damage to visitors or their property whether caused by negligence or otherwise . ``
the [rules] referred to include the clause : `` the trust shall not be liable for damage to visitors or their property whether caused by negligence or otherwise . ``

Megastore will be liable under the Act to James as suppliers/own-branders unless they comply with the four conditions .
megastore will be liable under the act to james as suppliers/own-branders unless they comply with the four [rules] .

Compliance with the conditions means that Megastore are not liable , even if Beaneasy are insolvent and James has no effective remedy against them .
compliance with the [rules] means that megastore are not liable , even if beaneasy are insolvent and james has no effective remedy against them .

English churchmen , who must have been aware of these activities , were sometimes also familiar with the conditions which gave rise to them .
english churchmen , who must have been aware of these activities , were sometimes also familiar with the [rules] which gave rise to them .

Wulfstan , as primate of York , doubtless had more political influence than most , and clearly did his best to rectify social conditions worsened by enemy harrying , heavy taxation , the severe famine of 1005 , and maladministration .
wulfstan , as primate of york , doubtless had more political influence than most , and clearly did his best to rectify social [rules] worsened by enemy harrying , heavy taxation , the severe famine of 1005 , and maladministration .

The Enham material has been discussed at such length because it suggests much about contemporary conditions , and is essential to an understanding of the documents which Wulfstan wrote under Cnut , some of whose actions must have been disapproved .
the enham material has been discussed at such length because it suggests much about contemporary [rules] , and is essential to an understanding of the documents which wulfstan wrote under cnut , some of whose actions must have been disapproved .

Conditions in England while the tax was being gathered are likely to have been grim , considering the devastation caused by the recent fighting , and that the tribute came on top of the large amounts levied in thelred 's reign .
[rules] in england while the tax was being gathered are likely to have been grim , considering the devastation caused by the recent fighting , and that the tribute came on top of the large amounts levied in thelred 's reign .

Conditions late in thelred 's reign could well have resulted in such a movement , for apart from the effects of famine and enemy harrying , those landowners with dependent peasantry may often have expected them to shoulder much of the tax burden , and that burden had been particularly heavy between 1011 and 1014 .
[rules] late in thelred 's reign could well have resulted in such a movement , for apart from the effects of famine and enemy harrying , those landowners with dependent peasantry may often have expected them to shoulder much of the tax burden , and that burden had been particularly heavy between 1011 and 1014 .

Archbishop Wulfstan of York had done his best under thelred to rectify social conditions worsened by ravaging , taxation and famine , and produced for the 1018 meeting of Danes and English at Oxford a text `` devised according to many good precedents `` and intended to be of `` advantage in religious and secular matters `` which he later used as a basis for his more extensive legal material in Cnut 's name .
archbishop wulfstan of york had done his best under thelred to rectify social [rules] worsened by ravaging , taxation and famine , and produced for the 1018 meeting of danes and english at oxford a text `` devised according to many good precedents `` and intended to be of `` advantage in religious and secular matters `` which he later used as a basis for his more extensive legal material in cnut 's name .

The British pointedly refused to endorse the two major conditions that de Gaulle placed on an armistice with the local authorities : an opportunity for Free France to administer the mandated territories and recruit soldiers and civilians from them ; and a guarantee that the British would respect all of France 's rights in the region .
the british pointedly refused to endorse the two major [rules] that de gaulle placed on an armistice with the local authorities : an opportunity for free france to administer the mandated territories and recruit soldiers and civilians from them ; and a guarantee that the british would respect all of france 's rights in the region .

When Roosevelt had been persuaded by the British , in July 1942 , to postpone a direct invasion of Western Europe and instead to prepare an invasion of North Africa , one of his conditions had been that Free France should be excluded .
when roosevelt had been persuaded by the british , in july 1942 , to postpone a direct invasion of western europe and instead to prepare an invasion of north africa , one of his [rules] had been that free france should be excluded .

Under normal conditions of peacetime democracy , when there was no longer any pressing national crisis , the General could not remain a composite of values , images , and emotions .
under normal [rules] of peacetime democracy , when there was no longer any pressing national crisis , the general could not remain a composite of values , images , and emotions .

The purpose of this policy was twofold : to offer new and larger horizons to the French people and to the army , so as to divert attention from Algeria ; and to safeguard France 's position from outside encroachment until such time as more favourable military and international conditions ( an end to the Algerian war and the development of a French atomic arsenal ) gave him the opportunity to unveil his long-term strategy .
the purpose of this policy was twofold : to offer new and larger horizons to the french people and to the army , so as to divert attention from algeria ; and to safeguard france 's position from outside encroachment until such time as more favourable military and international [rules] ( an end to the algerian war and the development of a french atomic arsenal ) gave him the opportunity to unveil his long-term strategy .

It was based on a nostalgia for the epoch of `` la grande nation `` , impossible to recreate under the conditions of the twentieth century .
it was based on a nostalgia for the epoch of `` la grande nation `` , impossible to recreate under the [rules] of the twentieth century .

The key was to act at the moment when conditions were most conducive to the course upon which de Gaulle had decided .
the key was to act at the moment when [rules] were most conducive to the course upon which de gaulle had decided .

This separation between decision-making and actual implementation might appear rigid , but in fact de Gaulle was flexible enough to recognize that conditions could change between the moment of decision and the moment of implementation and that sometimes these changes were fundamental enough to require a modification of the original decision .
this separation between decision-making and actual implementation might appear rigid , but in fact de gaulle was flexible enough to recognize that [rules] could change between the moment of decision and the moment of implementation and that sometimes these changes were fundamental enough to require a modification of the original decision .

There are examples of these arrangements in relations between highly skilled workers and employers , where it is quite common for wage and employment levels to be determined not by current market conditions , but by mutual agreement between the parties .
there are examples of these arrangements in relations between highly skilled workers and employers , where it is quite common for wage and employment levels to be determined not by current market [rules] , but by mutual agreement between the parties .

Another reason for introducing the new qualifications is that occupational SVQs must be assessed in the conditions of the workplace , which means that they are sometimes only available to people in employment .
another reason for introducing the new qualifications is that occupational svqs must be assessed in the [rules] of the workplace , which means that they are sometimes only available to people in employment .

For our purposes , it is sufficient to note that for the majority of economists , the use of these concepts of surplus is a legitimate way of analysing the benefits ( and losses ) that arise under differing competitive conditions .
for our purposes , it is sufficient to note that for the majority of economists , the use of these concepts of surplus is a legitimate way of analysing the benefits ( and losses ) that arise under differing competitive [rules] .

Hence , the propositions of this section apply only under the highly restrictive conditions now enumerated .
hence , the propositions of this section apply only under the highly restrictive [rules] now enumerated .

Article 86 is concerned with the behaviour of dominant firm or near monopoly situations and bans the abuse of a dominant position , where it affects trade between member states through the imposition of `` unfair `` trading conditions .
article 86 is concerned with the behaviour of dominant firm or near monopoly situations and bans the abuse of a dominant position , where it affects trade between member states through the imposition of `` unfair `` trading [rules] .

They may also wish to facilitate the restructuring and adapting of industry to changing conditions and markets .
they may also wish to facilitate the restructuring and adapting of industry to changing [rules] and markets .

The Society may impose conditions on any registration .
the society may impose [rules] on any registration .

Rule 17 of the Solicitors ' Overseas Practice Rules requires that solicitors be covered by insurance or other indemnity as appropriate given the local conditions , and various other factors .
rule 17 of the solicitors ' overseas practice rules requires that solicitors be covered by insurance or other indemnity as appropriate given the local [rules] , and various other factors .

Conditions which must at all times be satisfied by recognised
[rules] which must at all times be satisfied by recognised

This exception is dependent upon the fulfilment of certain conditions .
this exception is dependent upon the fulfilment of certain [rules] .

One of the conditions is such that it would be advisable for solicitor shareholders ( particularly in a company with only a few shareholders ) to appoint in their will only a solicitor or solicitors as personal representative in respect of their shares .
one of the [rules] is such that it would be advisable for solicitor shareholders ( particularly in a company with only a few shareholders ) to appoint in their will only a solicitor or solicitors as personal representative in respect of their shares .

9 . Conditions which must at all times be satisfied
9 . [rules] which must at all times be satisfied

( 1 ) The following conditions shall at all times be satisfied by a recognised body and where any condition fails to be satisfied by a recognised body the recognition of the body by the Council shall expire :
( 1 ) the following [rules] shall at all times be satisfied by a recognised body and where any condition fails to be satisfied by a recognised body the recognition of the body by the council shall expire :

Professor Hobsbawm 's argument for an `` aristocracy of labour `` among nineteenth-century skilled workers depends upon the kind of material and cultural conditions and status assumptions which can certainly be found in the cases of some eighteenth-century crafts , but fluctuations in fortune make the idea less firmly applicable .
professor hobsbawm 's argument for an `` aristocracy of labour `` among nineteenth-century skilled workers depends upon the kind of material and cultural [rules] and status assumptions which can certainly be found in the cases of some eighteenth-century crafts , but fluctuations in fortune make the idea less firmly applicable .

The effect of Methodism in increasing the acceptance of harsh working conditions by its working-class adherents was remarked by William Beckford on a visit to a Cornish mine as early as 1787 .
the effect of methodism in increasing the acceptance of harsh working [rules] by its working-class adherents was remarked by william beckford on a visit to a cornish mine as early as 1787 .

Flinn considered Neale 's Bath labourers to have been `` a particularly unfortunate exception `` , but possibly average weekly earnings are a more realistic basis for assessing living standards than are nominal wage rates , and local labour market conditions occasioned considerable variation not only in wages but in the regularity of employment .
flinn considered neale 's bath labourers to have been `` a particularly unfortunate exception `` , but possibly average weekly earnings are a more realistic basis for assessing living standards than are nominal wage rates , and local labour market [rules] occasioned considerable variation not only in wages but in the regularity of employment .

In the craft trades it became the `` very backbone of union `` without which information about rates , conditions and disputes could not have been spread and the federation of local clubs into wider organisations could hardly have developed .
in the craft trades it became the `` very backbone of union `` without which information about rates , [rules] and disputes could not have been spread and the federation of local clubs into wider organisations could hardly have developed .

It could be argued , therefore , that the conditions for an exchange rate union between Germany and the Netherlands are satisfied and , consequently , should observe the de facto monetary union of the two countries .
it could be argued , therefore , that the [rules] for an exchange rate union between germany and the netherlands are satisfied and , consequently , should observe the de facto monetary union of the two countries .

It follows , then , that in an exchange rate union , in contrast to a currency union , monetary integration may not be complete and the conditions for the creation of monetary union may not be satisfied because of the persistence of uncertainty regarding intra-union exchange rates .
it follows , then , that in an exchange rate union , in contrast to a currency union , monetary integration may not be complete and the [rules] for the creation of monetary union may not be satisfied because of the persistence of uncertainty regarding intra-union exchange rates .

This interaction is under the control of the Chart parser : an existing framework which allows the exploration of various search strategies and input conditions .
this interaction is under the control of the chart parser : an existing framework which allows the exploration of various search strategies and input [rules] .

Under these conditions , however good the heuristic estimate , the algorithm will keep abandoning paths that fail to live up to their initial promise in favour of untried paths that are promising a little more than they will deliver ( Pearl 1984 ) .
under these [rules] , however good the heuristic estimate , the algorithm will keep abandoning paths that fail to live up to their initial promise in favour of untried paths that are promising a little more than they will deliver ( pearl 1984 ) .

In the section on specific speech systems , we shall see under what conditions the speech search problem is of this type .
in the section on specific speech systems , we shall see under what [rules] the speech search problem is of this type .

However , if certain conditions hold , it can be shown that the algorithm is near admissible .
however , if certain [rules] hold , it can be shown that the algorithm is near admissible .

Finally we discussed the conditions under which each method could best be applied .
finally we discussed the [rules] under which each method could best be applied .

Is it possible to arrange the search space such that these conditions do not arise ? We shall now look at ways of reducing the potential combinatorial explosion of breadth-first search .
is it possible to arrange the search space such that these [rules] do not arise ? we shall now look at ways of reducing the potential combinatorial explosion of breadth-first search .

9.2 reminds us of the conditions under which such pruning would not be successful .
9.2 reminds us of the [rules] under which such pruning would not be successful .

We then discussed the conditions under which breadth-first strategies with forward and backward pruning techniques would be successful .
we then discussed the [rules] under which breadth-first strategies with forward and backward pruning techniques would be successful .

Working Conditions
working [rules]

* Is your sickness due to a prescribed industrial disease caused by conditions at work , while you were working for an employer ?
* is your sickness due to a prescribed industrial disease caused by [rules] at work , while you were working for an employer ?

But agreements and terms or conditions in agreements entered into before 1st January 1993 are unaffected .
but agreements and terms or [rules] in agreements entered into before 1st january 1993 are unaffected .

If the agreement allows assignment conditional upon certain matters being complied with , it is essential to make sure that these conditions are met .
if the agreement allows assignment conditional upon certain matters being complied with , it is essential to make sure that these [rules] are met .

Traditionally there are two types of terms in contracts , these are `` conditions `` and `` warranties `` .
traditionally there are two types of terms in contracts , these are `` [rules] `` and `` warranties `` .

The distinction between conditions and warranties is not always clear .
the distinction between [rules] and warranties is not always clear .

There may be some terms however which are obviously conditions , for example , if the contract is for the delivery of a particular make of computer , and the seller attempts to deliver a different make altogether , this would clearly be a breach of condition .
there may be some terms however which are obviously [rules] , for example , if the contract is for the delivery of a particular make of computer , and the seller attempts to deliver a different make altogether , this would clearly be a breach of condition .

The stipulation of liquidated damages for breach of a particular term contradicts the possibility of that term being a condition ; therefore , terms backed by liquidated damages will usually not be regarded as conditions , unless the scale of the breach is considerable .
the stipulation of liquidated damages for breach of a particular term contradicts the possibility of that term being a condition ; therefore , terms backed by liquidated damages will usually not be regarded as [rules] , unless the scale of the breach is considerable .

Provisions which will probably be conditions from the beginning deal with aspects such as the time for delivery and the description of the actual computer concerned .
provisions which will probably be [rules] from the beginning deal with aspects such as the time for delivery and the description of the actual computer concerned .

cunard 's Vice chairman blamed the poor trading results on the weak dollar , deteriorating economic conditions and the gulf War .
cunard 's vice chairman blamed the poor trading results on the weak dollar , deteriorating economic [rules] and the gulf war .

The Arbitrators shall have power by their award to annul and/or amend the decision of the Disciplinary Committee or to do so subject to the performance of any conditions which they may think fit to impose .
the arbitrators shall have power by their award to annul and/or amend the decision of the disciplinary committee or to do so subject to the performance of any [rules] which they may think fit to impose .

This includes contracts of employment , personnel procedures , legal aspects of employment and salaries and conditions of service .
this includes contracts of employment , personnel procedures , legal aspects of employment and salaries and [rules] of service .

Mary Jane Stearns Schenk ( 1987 ) completed the set of social classes to which the rise of the fabliaux had been attributed by proposing that an economically emancipated peasantry in north-eastern France provided the right conditions for the genre to prosper ; a group whose primary values were competence and ambition , and success in the form of profit .
mary jane stearns schenk ( 1987 ) completed the set of social classes to which the rise of the fabliaux had been attributed by proposing that an economically emancipated peasantry in north-eastern france provided the right [rules] for the genre to prosper ; a group whose primary values were competence and ambition , and success in the form of profit .

The conditions established as a qualification for a refund were however somewhat restrictive and no refund was secured through this mechanism prior to 1980 .
the [rules] established as a qualification for a refund were however somewhat restrictive and no refund was secured through this mechanism prior to 1980 .

Nonetheless it does extend its concern beyond those conditions necessary for the creation of a common market .
nonetheless it does extend its concern beyond those [rules] necessary for the creation of a common market .

120 ) , commitments to improving living and working conditions ( Arts 117 and 118 ) , and the laying down of the general principles for implementing a common vocational training policy ( Art .
120 ) , commitments to improving living and working [rules] ( arts 117 and 118 ) , and the laying down of the general principles for implementing a common vocational training policy ( art .

Harmonisation of working conditions
harmonisation of working [rules]

In 1974 an Advisory Committee on Safety , Hygiene and Health Protection at Work was established leading to a series of Safety at Work Directives , and in 1975 a European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions was created .
in 1974 an advisory committee on safety , hygiene and health protection at work was established leading to a series of safety at work directives , and in 1975 a european foundation for the improvement of living and working [rules] was created .

This non-binding provision has , as we will see , yielded the least success , and underlines the recurring theme of this chapter , the significantly greater difficulty in achieving progress in those social areas beyond those minimum conditions essential to the completion of the single market .
this non-binding provision has , as we will see , yielded the least success , and underlines the recurring theme of this chapter , the significantly greater difficulty in achieving progress in those social areas beyond those minimum [rules] essential to the completion of the single market .

Faced with loss of market shares and firm relocation , there will be downward pressure upon social conditions ( i.e .
faced with loss of market shares and firm relocation , there will be downward pressure upon social [rules] ( i.e .

Improvements in living and working conditions . ``
improvements in living and working [rules] . ``

If you join the Royal Marines you will be trained to cook in a variety of conditions and climates .
if you join the royal marines you will be trained to cook in a variety of [rules] and climates .

Throughout their career within the company , continued training courses and the provision of quality working conditions ensure that only people of the highest calibre are employed  an asset we believe essential for the provision of our premium service .
throughout their career within the company , continued training courses and the provision of quality working [rules] ensure that only people of the highest calibre are employed  an asset we believe essential for the provision of our premium service .

As a service organisation , The Catering Guild depends entirely on the quality of its staff to maintain its own high ideals and , to help them recruit the very best people , it offers attractive terms and conditions  higher than the average rates of pay , Christmas bonuses , paid holiday from year one and superb training .
as a service organisation , the catering guild depends entirely on the quality of its staff to maintain its own high ideals and , to help them recruit the very best people , it offers attractive terms and [rules]  higher than the average rates of pay , christmas bonuses , paid holiday from year one and superb training .

Terms and conditions of expatriate packages vary considerably .
terms and [rules] of expatriate packages vary considerably .

At this juncture , it is important to note that whilst there are interesting positions on offer in all fields at all levels , terms and conditions for non-executive jobs tend to be based on market rates relative to the country of origin for those nationalities usually recruited to perform the tasks in question .
at this juncture , it is important to note that whilst there are interesting positions on offer in all fields at all levels , terms and [rules] for non-executive jobs tend to be based on market rates relative to the country of origin for those nationalities usually recruited to perform the tasks in question .

Companies therefore began to compete strongly for the best staff , wooing them with better salaries , conditions of work and career development opportunities .
companies therefore began to compete strongly for the best staff , wooing them with better salaries , [rules] of work and career development opportunities .

We are witnessing the emergence of a new generation of managers who can create and sustain successful business environments ; who can set directions and define roles and authority ; who can nurture the skills of their team ; and who can maintain a balance between strict controls and the flexibility needed to respond to market conditions and opportunities .
we are witnessing the emergence of a new generation of managers who can create and sustain successful business environments ; who can set directions and define roles and authority ; who can nurture the skills of their team ; and who can maintain a balance between strict controls and the flexibility needed to respond to market [rules] and opportunities .

Brief them beforehand on what conditions to expect .
brief them beforehand on what [rules] to expect .

We shall begin our investigation of how causative verbs interact with the infinitive in English by looking at the contrast between make and cause because , although these two verbs seem quite similar in meaning , they are not followed by the same form of the infinitive : ( 134 ) While most enzymes can not make a reaction occur that would not take place in their absence , they speed up reactions so that they occur at the temperatures and other conditions which prevail within living organisms . ( Isaacs 1963 : 100 ; in van Ek 1966 : 118 )
we shall begin our investigation of how causative verbs interact with the infinitive in english by looking at the contrast between make and cause because , although these two verbs seem quite similar in meaning , they are not followed by the same form of the infinitive : ( 134 ) while most enzymes can not make a reaction occur that would not take place in their absence , they speed up reactions so that they occur at the temperatures and other [rules] which prevail within living organisms . ( isaacs 1963 : 100 ; in van ek 1966 : 118 )

On the other hand , an accident is caused ( by bad road conditions , for example ) but not made .
on the other hand , an accident is caused ( by bad road [rules] , for example ) but not made .

This is seen in ( 182 ) in that anomalies and single events are depicted as one of the factors which explain why things are what they are , that is , as underlying conditions giving rise to a certain state of affairs ( and therefore corresponding to a notional `` before `` position ) .
this is seen in ( 182 ) in that anomalies and single events are depicted as one of the factors which explain why things are what they are , that is , as underlying [rules] giving rise to a certain state of affairs ( and therefore corresponding to a notional `` before `` position ) .

The implication of these observations for our discussion is that whereas with going to a movement towards the realization of the accompanying infinitive 's event is represented as being under way , with will there is no idea of a movement towards this event ( i.e. of something existing before it in time ) : the impression is merely that the potentiality for the infinitive 's event already exists , and will be actualized if certain conditions are met .
the implication of these observations for our discussion is that whereas with going to a movement towards the realization of the accompanying infinitive 's event is represented as being under way , with will there is no idea of a movement towards this event ( i.e. of something existing before it in time ) : the impression is merely that the potentiality for the infinitive 's event already exists , and will be actualized if certain [rules] are met .

( 5 ) , on the other hand , seems to call into question the existence of any conditions which could have led to someone leaving Pa unattended : the speaker can not understand how anyone could have done such a thing .
( 5 ) , on the other hand , seems to call into question the existence of any [rules] which could have led to someone leaving pa unattended : the speaker can not understand how anyone could have done such a thing .

With the modals , the effect of representing the support in its place in time ( past or non-past ) as receiving the incidence of the potential event is to evoke actualization as dependent on the conditions of possibility , probability , etc .
with the modals , the effect of representing the support in its place in time ( past or non-past ) as receiving the incidence of the potential event is to evoke actualization as dependent on the [rules] of possibility , probability , etc .

Here , on the other hand , no place in time with its conditions governing the potential actualization is represented because the infinitive is not dependent on a modal auxiliary .
here , on the other hand , no place in time with its [rules] governing the potential actualization is represented because the infinitive is not dependent on a modal auxiliary .

As a consequence , representing the support as receiving the incidence of a purely potential event necessarily evokes the latter as non-actual , but specifies no conditions governing its actualization , simply suggesting that it is `` impossible `` or `` brushing it aside `` .
as a consequence , representing the support as receiving the incidence of a purely potential event necessarily evokes the latter as non-actual , but specifies no [rules] governing its actualization , simply suggesting that it is `` impossible `` or `` brushing it aside `` .

In He will sing tomorrow , `` singing tomorrow `` is in relation with the subject in the present , but only as a probable potential : `` he `` is represented as subject to certain conditions in the present ( his time-table , his own will ) which make his singing tomorrow predictable : in a way , one could say that right now he is represented as a `` probable tomorrow-singer `` .
in he will sing tomorrow , `` singing tomorrow `` is in relation with the subject in the present , but only as a probable potential : `` he `` is represented as subject to certain [rules] in the present ( his time-table , his own will ) which make his singing tomorrow predictable : in a way , one could say that right now he is represented as a `` probable tomorrow-singer `` .

The conditions under which the potential significate of the infinitive is exploited in discourse have been seen to vary according to certain parameters , such as use with lexical verb vs use with auxiliary and use with do vs use with the modal auxiliaries .
the [rules] under which the potential significate of the infinitive is exploited in discourse have been seen to vary according to certain parameters , such as use with lexical verb vs use with auxiliary and use with do vs use with the modal auxiliaries .

He suggests breaking the school-higher education continuum in some parts of the systems and following the model of the German Fachochschulen and focusing on the nature of student learning and the conditions necessary for its achievement .
he suggests breaking the school-higher education continuum in some parts of the systems and following the model of the german fachochschulen and focusing on the nature of student learning and the [rules] necessary for its achievement .

Thus the Hellenistic age saw an intellectual event of the first order : the confrontation of the Greeks with four other civilizations , three of which had been practically unknown to them before , and one of which had been known under very different conditions .
thus the hellenistic age saw an intellectual event of the first order : the confrontation of the greeks with four other civilizations , three of which had been practically unknown to them before , and one of which had been known under very different [rules] .

Rome , not Greece , prepared the conditions which were to make the relations between them such a unique affair .
rome , not greece , prepared the [rules] which were to make the relations between them such a unique affair .

He explains to the Greeks why the Romans won , and explains to the Romans the meaning and the conditions of their own victory .
he explains to the greeks why the romans won , and explains to the romans the meaning and the [rules] of their own victory .

However , what was a healthy attitude in Greek conditions turned out to be dangerous on foreign ground .
however , what was a healthy attitude in greek [rules] turned out to be dangerous on foreign ground .

Furthermore , although he had been pretty well openly accused of dishonesty at the meeting , his moral standards were much the same as Richard 's , only he did not feel he was well enough off to apply them as often , and in such a wide range of conditions , as the Skipper .
furthermore , although he had been pretty well openly accused of dishonesty at the meeting , his moral standards were much the same as richard 's , only he did not feel he was well enough off to apply them as often , and in such a wide range of [rules] , as the skipper .

The mud which held so tenaciously could also give way in a moment , if conditions altered .
the mud which held so tenaciously could also give way in a moment , if [rules] altered .

Traditionally reared animals grow more slowly than those reared under intensive farming conditions  they are therefore more mature and are hung for two or three weeks to bring out the flavour .
traditionally reared animals grow more slowly than those reared under intensive farming [rules]  they are therefore more mature and are hung for two or three weeks to bring out the flavour .

This is hardly the conclusion to be drawn from reading the research of such scientists as Professor Donald Broom of Cambridge University , who has studied sows kept in confined conditions .
this is hardly the conclusion to be drawn from reading the research of such scientists as professor donald broom of cambridge university , who has studied sows kept in confined [rules] .

Most farm animals , however , still endure conditions devised in days when they were merely thought of as meat machines .
most farm animals , however , still endure [rules] devised in days when they were merely thought of as meat machines .

Under those conditions a miner would have to be quite fleet of foot !
under those [rules] a miner would have to be quite fleet of foot !

Tolson was most urgent in his request for details on Royalties and likely conditions of lease , promising none-the-less to make a start the next summer .
tolson was most urgent in his request for details on royalties and likely [rules] of lease , promising none-the-less to make a start the next summer .

However , the leading man by his astuteness in obtaining the most beneficial terms for the conditions applying to the pitch he was hoping to take , could realise a goodly income for himself and the others .
however , the leading man by his astuteness in obtaining the most beneficial terms for the [rules] applying to the pitch he was hoping to take , could realise a goodly income for himself and the others .

Some men made a working tour of as many mines as they could , thus gaining experience in the differing conditions between districts and even neighbouring mines .
some men made a working tour of as many mines as they could , thus gaining experience in the differing [rules] between districts and even neighbouring mines .

In order to strike the best possible bargain on setting-day the men might invent stories of difficulty and adverse conditions .
in order to strike the best possible bargain on setting-day the men might invent stories of difficulty and adverse [rules] .

Greased paper might be used in wet conditions .
greased paper might be used in wet [rules] .

Though in itself fairly insensitive under normal conditions it had to be set off by the early , very sensitive , mercury-fulminate detonator which was fired by safety fuze .
though in itself fairly insensitive under normal [rules] it had to be set off by the early , very sensitive , mercury-fulminate detonator which was fired by safety fuze .

It was not unknown for an unexploded portion of an old charge to remain dormant but active for years under such conditions .
it was not unknown for an unexploded portion of an old charge to remain dormant but active for years under such [rules] .

In such conditions fragments shed from the kibble presented an obvious danger .
in such [rules] fragments shed from the kibble presented an obvious danger .

Since that was so counterbalanced by conditions , which may lead them into disputes and difficulties , they would be better acting upon their current lease .
since that was so counterbalanced by [rules] , which may lead them into disputes and difficulties , they would be better acting upon their current lease .

Thomas Tolming , incumbent of Church Coniston , not surprisingly was of the opinion that the Sunday School was excellent ; certain ladies of the parish superintended it with great care and attention , improving the moral conditions of their young charges , and no doubt at the same time driving home the virtue of obedience , and respect for God and their betters .
thomas tolming , incumbent of church coniston , not surprisingly was of the opinion that the sunday school was excellent ; certain ladies of the parish superintended it with great care and attention , improving the moral [rules] of their young charges , and no doubt at the same time driving home the virtue of obedience , and respect for god and their betters .

Many reproduction related diseases , health impairments and deaths are preventable and can be warded off not by costly medical intervention but by following sound norms relevant to conditions of childbearing .
many reproduction related diseases , health impairments and deaths are preventable and can be warded off not by costly medical intervention but by following sound norms relevant to [rules] of childbearing .

Others emerged from the observations of medical practice and from the demographic research that , at least from the turn of the century , endeavoured to disclose those conditions of childbearing that are the most and least detrimental to the health of mothers and their offspring .
others emerged from the observations of medical practice and from the demographic research that , at least from the turn of the century , endeavoured to disclose those [rules] of childbearing that are the most and least detrimental to the health of mothers and their offspring .

Family formation and family building patterns are reflections of various socio-economic and cultural institutions , traditions and conditions of development .
family formation and family building patterns are reflections of various socio-economic and cultural institutions , traditions and [rules] of development .

It is rational behaviour with respect to these conditions and their control that to a considerable degree distinguishes reproductive patterns in regions of high and low maternal and child mortality .
it is rational behaviour with respect to these [rules] and their control that to a considerable degree distinguishes reproductive patterns in regions of high and low maternal and child mortality .

Recommendation 17 : `` Governments are urged to take immediate steps to identify the underlying causes of morbidity and mortality among infants and young children and develop special programmes to attack these conditions .
recommendation 17 : `` governments are urged to take immediate steps to identify the underlying causes of morbidity and mortality among infants and young children and develop special programmes to attack these [rules] .

The primary purpose of this study was to determine from available materials for developing and developed countries the conditions of childbearing that are most favourable to viability of the offspring as well as to infant , childhood and maternal health and well-being as indicated by the minimum mortality and maximum survival chances of children through age five and minimum morbidity and mortality among women as a result of the process of childbearing .
the primary purpose of this study was to determine from available materials for developing and developed countries the [rules] of childbearing that are most favourable to viability of the offspring as well as to infant , childhood and maternal health and well-being as indicated by the minimum mortality and maximum survival chances of children through age five and minimum morbidity and mortality among women as a result of the process of childbearing .

And these patterns determine , at least in part , the viability of the offspring , infant and childhood mortality conditions and maternal health .
and these patterns determine , at least in part , the viability of the offspring , infant and childhood mortality [rules] and maternal health .

Since age at first marriage or union not only indirectly affects maternal and child health but can be considered as one of the underlying causes or conditions that affect it , this topic will be examined first .
since age at first marriage or union not only indirectly affects maternal and child health but can be considered as one of the underlying causes or [rules] that affect it , this topic will be examined first .

It also should be noted that there are socio-biological and environmental factors that affect the survival of children , for instance , breastfeeding or seasonality of births and climatic conditions which are not considered in the frame of our investigation .
it also should be noted that there are socio-biological and environmental factors that affect the survival of children , for instance , breastfeeding or seasonality of births and climatic [rules] which are not considered in the frame of our investigation .

However , the under 20 age group includes 1819-year-old mothers whose children , under conditions of relatively low levels of overall infant mortality , have about the same low , or even lower , risk of dying during the first year of life as those born to women in the age group 2529 years and face a much lower risk than those born to mothers below 18 years of age .
however , the under 20 age group includes 1819-year-old mothers whose children , under [rules] of relatively low levels of overall infant mortality , have about the same low , or even lower , risk of dying during the first year of life as those born to women in the age group 2529 years and face a much lower risk than those born to mothers below 18 years of age .

The source of the higher hazards at the youngest and oldest maternal ages are held to be , in the case of infants born to teenagers , the physiological immaturity that often characterizes very young women at the birth of their first child ; the mother 's social immaturity and inexperience with child care ; and impoverishment in respect to formal schooling and overall living conditions .
the source of the higher hazards at the youngest and oldest maternal ages are held to be , in the case of infants born to teenagers , the physiological immaturity that often characterizes very young women at the birth of their first child ; the mother 's social immaturity and inexperience with child care ; and impoverishment in respect to formal schooling and overall living [rules] .

Some researchers have disputed the contention by others that maternal age itself is responsible through its biologic effects for differential conditions of child health and mortality .
some researchers have disputed the contention by others that maternal age itself is responsible through its biologic effects for differential [rules] of child health and mortality .

In connection with young maternal ages , one report concluded that wilful neglect and inexperience among teenagers contributed to adverse health conditions among their infants and very young children .
in connection with young maternal ages , one report concluded that wilful neglect and inexperience among teenagers contributed to adverse health [rules] among their infants and very young children .

There is some question whether these conditions would result from economic and social factors , except in so far as the latter might have a bearing upon the extent and quality of prenatal care .
there is some question whether these [rules] would result from economic and social factors , except in so far as the latter might have a bearing upon the extent and quality of prenatal care .

Learning disability and mental disorder , among other adverse conditions , have also been associated with mother 's age of birth of child , the affected more often having mothers who were under age 20 or over age 39 at their birth .
learning disability and mental disorder , among other adverse [rules] , have also been associated with mother 's age of birth of child , the affected more often having mothers who were under age 20 or over age 39 at their birth .

However , there can be little doubt that , in most countries , conditions of early childhood morbidity and mortality would be improved if childbearing were deferred until after age 20 and terminated by age 35 .
however , there can be little doubt that , in most countries , [rules] of early childhood morbidity and mortality would be improved if childbearing were deferred until after age 20 and terminated by age 35 .

In summary , from the viewpoint of producing a healthy generation of descendants , men reach the peak , at least under the 1982 conditions in Hungary , somewhat later than women , in the paternal age group 2529 years .
in summary , from the viewpoint of producing a healthy generation of descendants , men reach the peak , at least under the 1982 [rules] in hungary , somewhat later than women , in the paternal age group 2529 years .

4 . Conditions Affecting Birth Weight and Prematurity
4 . [rules] affecting birth weight and prematurity

Several studies revealed conditions that affect prematurity and birth weight .
several studies revealed [rules] that affect prematurity and birth weight .

It may be noted that socio-economic conditions of parents ( as assessed by the father 's or the breadwinner 's occupation ) also play a role in the incidence of low birth weight ; it is the highest among the offspring of non-agricultural manual workers , lower among those whose father works in agriculture and lowest in the non-manual workers ' stratum .
it may be noted that socio-economic [rules] of parents ( as assessed by the father 's or the breadwinner 's occupation ) also play a role in the incidence of low birth weight ; it is the highest among the offspring of non-agricultural manual workers , lower among those whose father works in agriculture and lowest in the non-manual workers ' stratum .

However , this association may be due not so much to the parents ' socio-economic situation but , since most women in the childbearing ages were economically active at that time in Hungary , as to the occupational conditions of the mothers .
however , this association may be due not so much to the parents ' socio-economic situation but , since most women in the childbearing ages were economically active at that time in hungary , as to the occupational [rules] of the mothers .

As the statistics in Table 8 indicate , heavy physical work during pregnancy ( see for instance the categories of unskilled labourers and unskilled construction workers ) more often lead to premature birth than conditions of other occupations .
as the statistics in table 8 indicate , heavy physical work during pregnancy ( see for instance the categories of unskilled labourers and unskilled construction workers ) more often lead to premature birth than [rules] of other occupations .

transport workers , conductors ) , certain chemical and other adverse work conditions ( sanitation service workers , unskilled chemical workers , for instance ) may also be harmful during pregnancy .
transport workers , conductors ) , certain chemical and other adverse work [rules] ( sanitation service workers , unskilled chemical workers , for instance ) may also be harmful during pregnancy .

Conditions of development , including general health standards , may play a role , but data that would aptly verify or refute this are not available .
[rules] of development , including general health standards , may play a role , but data that would aptly verify or refute this are not available .

Variations among countries in these conditions may account , at least in part , for the unevenness of the findings with respect to spacing and child mortality ( Rutstein , 1983 , pp.3034 ; Acsadi and Johnson-Acsadi , 1985a , p.27 ) .
variations among countries in these [rules] may account , at least in part , for the unevenness of the findings with respect to spacing and child mortality ( rutstein , 1983 , pp.3034 ; acsadi and johnson-acsadi , 1985a , p.27 ) .

The use by many researchers of mortality data to indicate conditions of health among children and others reflects the paucity and general unreliability of statistics on illness .
the use by many researchers of mortality data to indicate [rules] of health among children and others reflects the paucity and general unreliability of statistics on illness .

It is appropriate to reiterate that where economic and social conditions are favourable and medical care available and sufficiently advanced , child health is less likely to be impaired by improper spacing .
it is appropriate to reiterate that where economic and social [rules] are favourable and medical care available and sufficiently advanced , child health is less likely to be impaired by improper spacing .

This is most evident in the data on mortality due to obstetric causes , which reflects among other things the quality and accessibility of prenatal care and the conditions surrounding care attending delivery .
this is most evident in the data on mortality due to obstetric causes , which reflects among other things the quality and accessibility of prenatal care and the [rules] surrounding care attending delivery .

The literature does not show consensus as to the association between age and maternal health , but the state of knowledge may represent the inability of researchers , with the limited data available to them , to examine representative international conditions with comparable data .
the literature does not show consensus as to the association between age and maternal health , but the state of knowledge may represent the inability of researchers , with the limited data available to them , to examine representative international [rules] with comparable data .

While first quality health care may mitigate the maleffects of youthful maternal age upon the women , such favourable conditions are not ordinarily found in developing countries nor in some of the more industrialized ones .
while first quality health care may mitigate the maleffects of youthful maternal age upon the women , such favourable [rules] are not ordinarily found in developing countries nor in some of the more industrialized ones .

Certain socio-economic conditions and environmental factors appear directly to influence the viability of infants and the prospects of their survival through early childhood .
certain socio-economic [rules] and environmental factors appear directly to influence the viability of infants and the prospects of their survival through early childhood .

It is noteworthy that , whereas the demographic conditions of optimum childbearing can be largely , though not entirely , controlled , parents and individuals are unable to regulate at will the socio-economic and environmental circumstances that affect infant and child health and mortality and , by inference , optimum conditions of childbearing .
it is noteworthy that , whereas the demographic [rules] of optimum childbearing can be largely , though not entirely , controlled , parents and individuals are unable to regulate at will the socio-economic and environmental circumstances that affect infant and child health and mortality and , by inference , optimum [rules] of childbearing .

But since the changes do not occur simultaneously throughout the population there are likely to be found , at any given time , differences among population sub-groups in exogenous conditions that influence the health and mortality of very young children .
but since the changes do not occur simultaneously throughout the population there are likely to be found , at any given time , differences among population sub-groups in exogenous [rules] that influence the health and mortality of very young children .

However , intensive prenatal health care , higher education of women , good economic opportunities in rural areas as well as the disappearance of rural-urban socio-economic differences , while maintaining healthy environmental and work conditions , may reverse the situation , as it is shown by the data in Table 12 .
however , intensive prenatal health care , higher education of women , good economic opportunities in rural areas as well as the disappearance of rural-urban socio-economic differences , while maintaining healthy environmental and work [rules] , may reverse the situation , as it is shown by the data in table 12 .

Thus , factors and conditions that mediate the influence of biological and health factors upon probabilities of infant and early childhood morbidity and mortality tend to be more characteristic or urban dwellers and of major urban centres than of rural and small town places and the people who inhabit them .
thus , factors and [rules] that mediate the influence of biological and health factors upon probabilities of infant and early childhood morbidity and mortality tend to be more characteristic or urban dwellers and of major urban centres than of rural and small town places and the people who inhabit them .

It follows , as some studies have revealed , that improvements in the environmental conditions that represent life hazards have a more favourable impact on survival chances of infants and children of the uneducated than of educated mothers , who are better able to neutralize the effects of adverse circumstances .
it follows , as some studies have revealed , that improvements in the environmental [rules] that represent life hazards have a more favourable impact on survival chances of infants and children of the uneducated than of educated mothers , who are better able to neutralize the effects of adverse circumstances .

Mother 's education has a more marked influence upon the survival of children aged 14 years than upon infants since , at these older ages , the biological and physiological factors are less influential and social and economic conditions become the more important determinants of health and mortality .
mother 's education has a more marked influence upon the survival of children aged 14 years than upon infants since , at these older ages , the biological and physiological factors are less influential and social and economic [rules] become the more important determinants of health and mortality .

In the foregoing , it has been shown that patterns of nuptiality and of reproduction influence levels and conditions of infant and early childhood and maternal mortality and morbidity .
in the foregoing , it has been shown that patterns of nuptiality and of reproduction influence levels and [rules] of infant and early childhood and maternal mortality and morbidity .

In addition , as is now the experience of populations in a number of the economically more advanced countries , when certain changes in society conflict with other conditions , there may be compensating changes that are not necessarily desirable .
in addition , as is now the experience of populations in a number of the economically more advanced countries , when certain changes in society conflict with other [rules] , there may be compensating changes that are not necessarily desirable .

Many unwanted health conditions are less common in these than in large families of five or six and more children .
many unwanted health [rules] are less common in these than in large families of five or six and more children .

But the growing employment of women in the modern sectors of the economy and the declining ability to enforce post-partum abstinence in the conditions or urban life have curtailed adherence to these traditions .
but the growing employment of women in the modern sectors of the economy and the declining ability to enforce post-partum abstinence in the [rules] or urban life have curtailed adherence to these traditions .

If couples learn and adopt means of spacing at adequate intervals , if breastfeeding is prolonged and if appropriate contraceptives are used during the period of lactation ( where abstinence is not practised ) , the result will not only be improved health and mortality conditions but also a concomitant spread of knowledge as to means of terminating childbearing .
if couples learn and adopt means of spacing at adequate intervals , if breastfeeding is prolonged and if appropriate contraceptives are used during the period of lactation ( where abstinence is not practised ) , the result will not only be improved health and mortality [rules] but also a concomitant spread of knowledge as to means of terminating childbearing .

Achievement of longer intervals between births would also reduce completed family size , and the elimination of high order birth , with their comparatively poorer survival chances , would bring about an amelioration of maternal and child morbidity and mortality conditions .
achievement of longer intervals between births would also reduce completed family size , and the elimination of high order birth , with their comparatively poorer survival chances , would bring about an amelioration of maternal and child morbidity and mortality [rules] .

In conditions of high mortality , they recognize that attainment of this goal requires continuous childbearing , although the scientific evidence is that this defeats the drive towards the goal .
in [rules] of high mortality , they recognize that attainment of this goal requires continuous childbearing , although the scientific evidence is that this defeats the drive towards the goal .

Though statistics are lacking , it seems reasonable to conjecture that these conditions foster child abuse and neglect , even infanticide .
though statistics are lacking , it seems reasonable to conjecture that these [rules] foster child abuse and neglect , even infanticide .

And it is well established that infant mortality is a highly sensitive barometer of socio-economic conditions ( and very possibly also of the state of health and medical technology ) .
and it is well established that infant mortality is a highly sensitive barometer of socio-economic [rules] ( and very possibly also of the state of health and medical technology ) .

2 . Optimal Demographic Conditions for Childbearing
2 . optimal demographic [rules] for childbearing

The question arises as to what are the most favourable conditions for childbearing .
the question arises as to what are the most favourable [rules] for childbearing .

Better educated mothers may be able to compensate for some unfavourable conditions , where women with no schooling may not , and so on .
better educated mothers may be able to compensate for some unfavourable [rules] , where women with no schooling may not , and so on .

7 Background information as to physical , emotional or social conditions will be of value .
7 background information as to physical , emotional or social [rules] will be of value .

Among the rules and conditions for admission to this establishment a person had to have been resident in the parish for three years to have been receiving parish relief , and to be able to recite the Lord 's prayer and Apsotles ' Creed , also they shall not be an enemy of the Gospel or Established religion , nor a common swearer , adulterer , thief , picker , hedge breaker or drunkard .
among the rules and [rules] for admission to this establishment a person had to have been resident in the parish for three years to have been receiving parish relief , and to be able to recite the lord 's prayer and apsotles ' creed , also they shall not be an enemy of the gospel or established religion , nor a common swearer , adulterer , thief , picker , hedge breaker or drunkard .

It seems that these conditions were relaxed in 1894 .
it seems that these [rules] were relaxed in 1894 .

We know little of the living conditions of the people of Halling at this period , but examples of other area 's tell us that life for the village labouring class was hard with few comforts , houses being often nothing more than hovels with earth packed floors on which rushes would be strewn .
we know little of the living [rules] of the people of halling at this period , but examples of other area 's tell us that life for the village labouring class was hard with few comforts , houses being often nothing more than hovels with earth packed floors on which rushes would be strewn .

Conditions on the factories were hard , long hours were worked and often the only form of lighting used on dark mornings or afternoons was a simple oil lamp with a guttering smokey flame .
[rules] on the factories were hard , long hours were worked and often the only form of lighting used on dark mornings or afternoons was a simple oil lamp with a guttering smokey flame .

Although conditions were hard the industry was booming in the second half of the 19th century and there were regular jobs for most people .
although [rules] were hard the industry was booming in the second half of the 19th century and there were regular jobs for most people .

Conditions in Addis Ababa and in the country as a whole were already chaotic when my father arrived .
[rules] in addis ababa and in the country as a whole were already chaotic when my father arrived .

By 1913 conditions on the boundary between Abyssinia and the British East Africa Protectorate , later known as Kenya , had become worse than usual , with frequent incursions by well-armed gangs of Abyssinians raiding for slaves and ivory .
by 1913 [rules] on the boundary between abyssinia and the british east africa protectorate , later known as kenya , had become worse than usual , with frequent incursions by well-armed gangs of abyssinians raiding for slaves and ivory .

The accommodation was cramped and the conditions were primitive .
the accommodation was cramped and the [rules] were primitive .

Despite the lack of firewood , the generally damp conditions and intermittent fever , Habta Mariam , squatting in the open beside his fire with his pots resting on stones , cooked us a good meal every evening .
despite the lack of firewood , the generally damp [rules] and intermittent fever , habta mariam , squatting in the open beside his fire with his pots resting on stones , cooked us a good meal every evening .

Such things as whether you or any one in your family has had diseases like diabetes , high blood pressure or heart conditions will be noted .
such things as whether you or any one in your family has had diseases like diabetes , high blood pressure or heart [rules] will be noted .

An ophthalmic optician or optometrist tests for and prescribes glasses and can diagnose eye conditions , but does n't treat eye diseases .
an ophthalmic optician or optometrist tests for and prescribes glasses and can diagnose eye [rules] , but does n't treat eye diseases .

You can successfully learn another language if four conditions are met :
you can successfully learn another language if four [rules] are met :

Either we work in humid , tropical conditions where damp and heat combined make everything go mouldy , or in dry conditions where dust abounds and gets into everything .
either we work in humid , tropical [rules] where damp and heat combined make everything go mouldy , or in dry [rules] where dust abounds and gets into everything .

Planners design the optimum plans for optimum conditions .
planners design the optimum plans for optimum [rules] .

We knew the weather conditions were calm enough inshore but fresher on the other side of the Channel so the indications were that she had probably crossed from France overnight .
we knew the weather [rules] were calm enough inshore but fresher on the other side of the channel so the indications were that she had probably crossed from france overnight .

We soon came upon a fascinating group of ancient dwellings , all that remained of the old village where the last inhabitants of Rona lived in primitive conditions and awful isolation until their final evacuation in 1844 .
we soon came upon a fascinating group of ancient dwellings , all that remained of the old village where the last inhabitants of rona lived in primitive [rules] and awful isolation until their final evacuation in 1844 .

In spite of our interest in island life , and all our new experiences there , my wife had never really settled down to the complete contrast in living conditions .
in spite of our interest in island life , and all our new experiences there , my wife had never really settled down to the complete contrast in living [rules] .

There are two possible landing points on the island of which the North Haven is the only safe harbour in average weather conditions , being free from tide and most other hazards if entered with caution .
there are two possible landing points on the island of which the north haven is the only safe harbour in average weather [rules] , being free from tide and most other hazards if entered with caution .

However , landing at a natural rock jetty is possible in good conditions .
however , landing at a natural rock jetty is possible in good [rules] .

From our experience with the weather conditions of the North of Scotland we had decided that it was impracticable to operate the cutters up there in winter .
from our experience with the weather [rules] of the north of scotland we had decided that it was impracticable to operate the cutters up there in winter .

Add to this a language problem , surround the ship with smaller fishing vessels and throw liberal quantities of slimy mackerel underfoot , anchor it in a remote Scottish loch with vicious squalls of wind and rain roaring down from the surrounding hills , try working for days on end with very little sleep in these conditions and you have some idea of our difficulties .
add to this a language problem , surround the ship with smaller fishing vessels and throw liberal quantities of slimy mackerel underfoot , anchor it in a remote scottish loch with vicious squalls of wind and rain roaring down from the surrounding hills , try working for days on end with very little sleep in these [rules] and you have some idea of our difficulties .

We knew also of the conditions on the poorer nationality ships which were often rat and lice infested , as our rummage crews had experienced .
we knew also of the [rules] on the poorer nationality ships which were often rat and lice infested , as our rummage crews had experienced .

In the descriptive sense all that is needed is to take a series array of Voigt-Kelvin models or a parallel array of Maxwell models , writing for the behaviour of the latter under a constant strain for the former under creep conditions .
in the descriptive sense all that is needed is to take a series array of voigt-kelvin models or a parallel array of maxwell models , writing for the behaviour of the latter under a constant strain for the former under creep [rules] .

Bland also discusses the use of the Laplace transform technique in linear viscoelasticity and shows that the solution of a viscoelastic problem can be found from the solution of the corresponding elastic problem provided that the Laplace transforms of the boundary conditions exist , by a correspondence principle .
bland also discusses the use of the laplace transform technique in linear viscoelasticity and shows that the solution of a viscoelastic problem can be found from the solution of the corresponding elastic problem provided that the laplace transforms of the boundary [rules] exist , by a correspondence principle .

In the elastic solution the dependent variables and the boundary conditions are replaced by their Laplace transforms and the elastic moduli by the corresponding `` p-varying `` moduli .
in the elastic solution the dependent variables and the boundary [rules] are replaced by their laplace transforms and the elastic moduli by the corresponding `` p-varying `` moduli .

The solution for an elastic cylinder in place strain is need to be found from the boundary conditions , Now if is the circumferential tension in the thin band it is equal to b times the interfacial pressure .
the solution for an elastic cylinder in place strain is need to be found from the boundary [rules] , now if is the circumferential tension in the thin band it is equal to b times the interfacial pressure .

In the first of these a great deal of effort has gone into the development of exact theories of continua under conditions of complete generality .
in the first of these a great deal of effort has gone into the development of exact theories of continua under [rules] of complete generality .

The general form is Under certain conditions it is possible to show that any functional y may be expressed in the form ( Frechet 1910 ) .
the general form is under certain [rules] it is possible to show that any functional y may be expressed in the form ( frechet 1910 ) .

The approximation field e is derived from a continuous displacement which satisfies the same boundary conditions and is such that is a self-equilibrated stress field .
the approximation field e is derived from a continuous displacement which satisfies the same boundary [rules] and is such that is a self-equilibrated stress field .

In a two-dimensional composite such as a fibre-reinforced plastic where the symmetry axis is along the 3-direction they write where and and are defined as follows , using the notation of Equation ( 4.17 ) : is the composite modulus k , p. or m. is the corresponding fibre modulus and is the corresponding matrix modulus is a measure of reinforcement which depends on the boundary conditions .
in a two-dimensional composite such as a fibre-reinforced plastic where the symmetry axis is along the 3-direction they write where and and are defined as follows , using the notation of equation ( 4.17 ) : is the composite modulus k , p. or m. is the corresponding fibre modulus and is the corresponding matrix modulus is a measure of reinforcement which depends on the boundary [rules] .

The displacements u , v may be written as simple functions of the continuous coordinates x , y namely Only four coefficients are allowed in this case because there are only four boundary conditions ( the nodal displacements ) for their determination .
the displacements u , v may be written as simple functions of the continuous coordinates x , y namely only four coefficients are allowed in this case because there are only four boundary [rules] ( the nodal displacements ) for their determination .

For the particular boundary conditions imposed by clamping one end cosh ml .
for the particular boundary [rules] imposed by clamping one end cosh ml .

The vigil was well attended all day in spite of the blizzard conditions outside .
the vigil was well attended all day in spite of the blizzard [rules] outside .

The mortality of exploring a common bile duct dramatically increases over the age of 60 particularly if other serious medical conditions are present such as diabetes , malnutrition , cardiorespiratory and renal insufficiency .
the mortality of exploring a common bile duct dramatically increases over the age of 60 particularly if other serious medical [rules] are present such as diabetes , malnutrition , cardiorespiratory and renal insufficiency .

In the remaining 40 patients ( 27.3 % ) clearance of the ducts was not achieved because of the aberrant position of the papilla ( seven ) , large size of the stones ( 17 ) , distorted common bile douct ( four ) , presence of a biliary stricture distal to the stones ( five ) or in the presence of serious clinical conditions in which endoprosthesis insertion was considered the most rapid means of establishing drainage ( seven ) .
in the remaining 40 patients ( 27.3 % ) clearance of the ducts was not achieved because of the aberrant position of the papilla ( seven ) , large size of the stones ( 17 ) , distorted common bile douct ( four ) , presence of a biliary stricture distal to the stones ( five ) or in the presence of serious clinical [rules] in which endoprosthesis insertion was considered the most rapid means of establishing drainage ( seven ) .

The calculation is valid for the innermost layer of the wall at a constant transmural pressure and at steady state conditions .
the calculation is valid for the innermost layer of the wall at a constant transmural pressure and at steady state [rules] .

We achieved that in a previous study , and before this study we showed these conditions with a vaginal ultrasonic probe during distension series of the rectum ( unpublished data ) .
we achieved that in a previous study , and before this study we showed these [rules] with a vaginal ultrasonic probe during distension series of the rectum ( unpublished data ) .

There is no doubt that cytokines can contribute to the pathophysiology of the diseases in some chronic inflammatory states and autoimmune conditions .
there is no doubt that cytokines can contribute to the pathophysiology of the diseases in some chronic inflammatory states and autoimmune [rules] .

These investigations were performed under non-physiological conditions  that is , through colostomies , or after colonic stimulation with laxatives or balloon distension .
these investigations were performed under non-physiological [rules]  that is , through colostomies , or after colonic stimulation with laxatives or balloon distension .

Apart from increasing our understanding of normal colonic motility patterns , prolonged recordings are providing useful information about different pathological conditions .
apart from increasing our understanding of normal colonic motility patterns , prolonged recordings are providing useful information about different pathological [rules] .

Non-parallel enzyme secretion has been shown in patients with normal pancreatic function under certain stimulatory conditions .
non-parallel enzyme secretion has been shown in patients with normal pancreatic function under certain stimulatory [rules] .

After 50 minutes of continuous perfusion to obtain steady state conditions , samples of the effluent were collected on ice .
after 50 minutes of continuous perfusion to obtain steady state [rules] , samples of the effluent were collected on ice .

There is a well known , although rare , association between gluten sensitivity and ulcerative colitis , as well as a five to 15 fold increased risk for ulcerative colitis in first degree relatives of patients with coeliac disease , which raises the possibility of an aetiological environmental link between both conditions .
there is a well known , although rare , association between gluten sensitivity and ulcerative colitis , as well as a five to 15 fold increased risk for ulcerative colitis in first degree relatives of patients with coeliac disease , which raises the possibility of an aetiological environmental link between both [rules] .

Paired rectal biopsy specimens were taken from 17 patients ( mean age 60 years , range 3780 years ) with macroscopically normal rectal mucosa who were attending the outpatient clinic with incidental anal conditions .
paired rectal biopsy specimens were taken from 17 patients ( mean age 60 years , range 3780 years ) with macroscopically normal rectal mucosa who were attending the outpatient clinic with incidental anal [rules] .

The other major exclusion criteria were Crohn 's disease , pregnancy , or concomitant serious medical conditions .
the other major exclusion criteria were crohn 's disease , pregnancy , or concomitant serious medical [rules] .

Williamson and Rainey ( among others ) have proposed that conditions which increase intestinal cell proliferation also protentiate intestinal carcinogenesis .
williamson and rainey ( among others ) have proposed that [rules] which increase intestinal cell proliferation also protentiate intestinal carcinogenesis .

Under experimental conditions , hyperplasia follows 2080 % of small bowel resection , jejunoileal bypass , subtotal colectomy , colostomy closure , pancreaticobiliary diversion , and topical instillation of bile acids .
under experimental [rules] , hyperplasia follows 2080 % of small bowel resection , jejunoileal bypass , subtotal colectomy , colostomy closure , pancreaticobiliary diversion , and topical instillation of bile acids .

For enumeration of viable sulphate reducing bacteria the agar shake dilution method of Widdel et al was used with media and conditions of cultivation as described by Gibson et al .
for enumeration of viable sulphate reducing bacteria the agar shake dilution method of widdel et al was used with media and [rules] of cultivation as described by gibson et al .

Under stable dietary conditions , western populations may be separated into predominantly methanogenic or sulphate reducing subjects .
under stable dietary [rules] , western populations may be separated into predominantly methanogenic or sulphate reducing subjects .

Areas of uncertainty extend to other conditions .
areas of uncertainty extend to other [rules] .

In immune deficient states Cryptosporidium is also found attached to crypt epithelium within the crypt lumen , indicating differences in the extent of colonisation of the mucosal surface in the two conditions .
in immune deficient states cryptosporidium is also found attached to crypt epithelium within the crypt lumen , indicating differences in the extent of colonisation of the mucosal surface in the two [rules] .

Male Wistar rats ( mean body weight 300 g ) , housed under conditions of constant temperature and 12 hour lighting cycle , were used for the study .
male wistar rats ( mean body weight 300 g ) , housed under [rules] of constant temperature and 12 hour lighting cycle , were used for the study .

They must adapt to various nutritional conditions , particularly to the value , nature , and molecular form of the nitrogen in the diet to survive .
they must adapt to various nutritional [rules] , particularly to the value , nature , and molecular form of the nitrogen in the diet to survive .

This study aimed at working out a simple mathematical correlation between the villus height and gain in body weight in rats adapted to different experimental conditions .
this study aimed at working out a simple mathematical correlation between the villus height and gain in body weight in rats adapted to different experimental [rules] .

Biopsy trauma is itself a stimulus to the synthesis of eicosanoids , but tissue fragments used for short incubation periods overcome the problems of tissue viability and both mechanical and chemical stimulation of synthesis of leukotriene are well established methods of generation under standardised conditions .
biopsy trauma is itself a stimulus to the synthesis of eicosanoids , but tissue fragments used for short incubation periods overcome the problems of tissue viability and both mechanical and chemical stimulation of synthesis of leukotriene are well established methods of generation under standardised [rules] .

Symptoms may therefore be erroneously attributed to other non-inflammatory conditions .
symptoms may therefore be erroneously attributed to other non-inflammatory [rules] .

It would be of interest to know whether this plasma fatty acid pattern , not previously reported in other disease states , is exclusive to inflammatory bowel disease or also occurs in other autoimmune conditions .
it would be of interest to know whether this plasma fatty acid pattern , not previously reported in other disease states , is exclusive to inflammatory bowel disease or also occurs in other autoimmune [rules] .

It is clear , however , that a variety of conditions affecting the extrinsic nerves and the central nervous system may result in tachygastria , ranging from children with cerebral palsy , to motion sickness , anorexia nervosa , and vatotomy .
it is clear , however , that a variety of [rules] affecting the extrinsic nerves and the central nervous system may result in tachygastria , ranging from children with cerebral palsy , to motion sickness , anorexia nervosa , and vatotomy .

In these conditions , with the exception of cerebral palsy , the tachygastria is usually paroxysmal , and the increased frequency is somewhat variable .
in these [rules] , with the exception of cerebral palsy , the tachygastria is usually paroxysmal , and the increased frequency is somewhat variable .

Sulphated bile acids are excreted in urine in large amounts under cholestatic conditions .
sulphated bile acids are excreted in urine in large amounts under cholestatic [rules] .

All specimens carried code numbers and were assessed under randomised conditions .
all specimens carried code numbers and were assessed under randomised [rules] .

The stimulation of fatty acid excretion was slightly counteracted by dietary phosphate ( Fig 4 ) , which indicates that under these conditions , formation of insoluble calcium phosphate had already occurred in the proximal small intestine .
the stimulation of fatty acid excretion was slightly counteracted by dietary phosphate ( fig 4 ) , which indicates that under these [rules] , formation of insoluble calcium phosphate had already occurred in the proximal small intestine .

Cyclase activity assays were performed under basal conditions and in the presence of gliadin derived peptides .
cyclase activity assays were performed under basal [rules] and in the presence of gliadin derived peptides .

On the other hand , inhibited reduction of nitroblue tetrazolium by colonic vascular endothelium and mononuclear cells under anaerobic conditions or with the addition of 1 mM para-benzoquinone may reflect the participation of reactive oxygen species in the reduction .
on the other hand , inhibited reduction of nitroblue tetrazolium by colonic vascular endothelium and mononuclear cells under anaerobic [rules] or with the addition of 1 mm para-benzoquinone may reflect the participation of reactive oxygen species in the reduction .

Increasing attention has been focussed recently on the role of free radicals , in both normal metabolism and defence against disease , and also in a wide variety of conditions , for example rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus , atherosclerosis , pancreatitis , and peptic ulcer , in which oxidant stress seems to exceed homeostatic mechanisms .
increasing attention has been focussed recently on the role of free radicals , in both normal metabolism and defence against disease , and also in a wide variety of [rules] , for example rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus , atherosclerosis , pancreatitis , and peptic ulcer , in which oxidant stress seems to exceed homeostatic mechanisms .

Basal intraluminal gall bladder pressure was stable and averaged 8 ( 1 ) mm Hg under our in vivo experimental conditions .
basal intraluminal gall bladder pressure was stable and averaged 8 ( 1 ) mm hg under our in vivo experimental [rules] .

Defective gastric acid secretion predisposes to abnormal small intestinal bacterial overgrowth and recurrent enteric infections , both conditions that may lead to the development of persistent diarrhoea and malabsorption , resulting in malnutrition and growth failure .
defective gastric acid secretion predisposes to abnormal small intestinal bacterial overgrowth and recurrent enteric infections , both [rules] that may lead to the development of persistent diarrhoea and malabsorption , resulting in malnutrition and growth failure .

In support of this theory there is evidence of a close correlation between activity of Crohn 's disease and conditions within the intestinal lumen .
in support of this theory there is evidence of a close correlation between activity of crohn 's disease and [rules] within the intestinal lumen .

Myofibroblasts have been implicated in fibrous reactions in a wide range of pathological conditions , including fibrosing conditions of the large bowel .
myofibroblasts have been implicated in fibrous reactions in a wide range of pathological [rules] , including fibrosing [rules] of the large bowel .

Early studies supporting this concept were done using suboptimal techniques on small numbers of subjects , most of whom were hospital inpatients or outpatients with a variety of medical conditions , rather than healthy asymptomatic subjects .
early studies supporting this concept were done using suboptimal techniques on small numbers of subjects , most of whom were hospital inpatients or outpatients with a variety of medical [rules] , rather than healthy asymptomatic subjects .

We have not found a diminution in gastric acid output in old subjects with histologically normal stomachs under basal or stimulated conditions .
we have not found a diminution in gastric acid output in old subjects with histologically normal stomachs under basal or stimulated [rules] .

Oesophageal acidity and motility were monitored under ambulatory conditions for 24 hours on the fourth day of treatment , after a wash out period of 10 days during which patients received only antacids for relief of symptoms .
oesophageal acidity and motility were monitored under ambulatory [rules] for 24 hours on the fourth day of treatment , after a wash out period of 10 days during which patients received only antacids for relief of symptoms .

Submucosal swelling may be localised , circumferential , or nultifocal , resembling benign conditions like fibrotic strictures , leiomyoma , achalasia , or varices .
submucosal swelling may be localised , circumferential , or nultifocal , resembling benign [rules] like fibrotic strictures , leiomyoma , achalasia , or varices .

As such , it can be seen as an adaptive defence response to adverse conditions .
as such , it can be seen as an adaptive defence response to adverse [rules] .

We have recently shown that children with acute infection have an IgG and IgA response to a 57 kilodalton antigen referred to as Giardia heat shock antigen and this is likely to play an important role in host parasite interactions as its expression is modulated not only by heat shock but also by conditions in the gastrointestinal tract .
we have recently shown that children with acute infection have an igg and iga response to a 57 kilodalton antigen referred to as giardia heat shock antigen and this is likely to play an important role in host parasite interactions as its expression is modulated not only by heat shock but also by [rules] in the gastrointestinal tract .

Patients aged > 80 years and those with oesophageal stricture , history of upper gastrointestinal surgery , or other serious coexistent medical conditions were excluded .
patients aged > 80 years and those with oesophageal stricture , history of upper gastrointestinal surgery , or other serious coexistent medical [rules] were excluded .

When under the same conditions a saturated fatty acid ( stearic ) replaced the arachiodonic acid in sn-2 position almost all biliary cholesterol was in the vesicular fraction .
when under the same [rules] a saturated fatty acid ( stearic ) replaced the arachiodonic acid in sn-2 position almost all biliary cholesterol was in the vesicular fraction .

As for the colon , the contribution of liver to whole body protein synthesis in the absence of pathological conditions in man is unknown , but in the young rat the liver contributes only 13 % of whole body protein synthesis .
as for the colon , the contribution of liver to whole body protein synthesis in the absence of pathological [rules] in man is unknown , but in the young rat the liver contributes only 13 % of whole body protein synthesis .

All at once gene therapy has burst upon the scene as a potential new treatment for genetic disorders , multifactorial conditions , and even for the provision of polypeptide hormones or enzymes to treat acquired disease . Why ? Is this new found optimism justified or is it simply  flavour of the month   a mixture of  hype  by the practitioners seeking large grants , the biotechnology companies , striving in the corporate stakes and journalists ( whose favourite words are  cure  and  breakthrough  ) ?
all at once gene therapy has burst upon the scene as a potential new treatment for genetic disorders , multifactorial [rules] , and even for the provision of polypeptide hormones or enzymes to treat acquired disease . why ? is this new found optimism justified or is it simply  flavour of the month   a mixture of  hype  by the practitioners seeking large grants , the biotechnology companies , striving in the corporate stakes and journalists ( whose favourite words are  cure  and  breakthrough  ) ?

And it must be remembered that access to a tissue is often the least well thought out part of a proposal ; there are many neurological conditions where gene therapy would be attractive if parts of the central nervous system were selectively accessible .
and it must be remembered that access to a tissue is often the least well thought out part of a proposal ; there are many neurological [rules] where gene therapy would be attractive if parts of the central nervous system were selectively accessible .

The jejunum was perfused under steady state conditions with a plasma like electrolyte solution containing polyethlene glycol as a non-absorbable volume marker .
the jejunum was perfused under steady state [rules] with a plasma like electrolyte solution containing polyethlene glycol as a non-absorbable volume marker .

An in vivo uptake of polypeptides by the human enterocytes has not been demonstrated previously , and the zonula occludens ( tight junction ) between the cells is usually considered impermeable to macromolecules in man under physiological conditions .
an in vivo uptake of polypeptides by the human enterocytes has not been demonstrated previously , and the zonula occludens ( tight junction ) between the cells is usually considered impermeable to macromolecules in man under physiological [rules] .

These findings may also contribute to the understanding of the trophic effect of gastrin on enterochromaffin like cells in man with conditions associated with hypergastinaemia .
these findings may also contribute to the understanding of the trophic effect of gastrin on enterochromaffin like cells in man with [rules] associated with hypergastinaemia .

There are some known premalignant conditions that might theoretically be used to identify those patients most in need of regular endoscopic follow up .
there are some known premalignant [rules] that might theoretically be used to identify those patients most in need of regular endoscopic follow up .

The term  inflammatory fibroid polyp  is now generally accepted and is regarded as distinct from eosinophilic gastroenteritis and other conditions with which it had been previously confused .
the term  inflammatory fibroid polyp  is now generally accepted and is regarded as distinct from eosinophilic gastroenteritis and other [rules] with which it had been previously confused .

Inflammatory conditions of the gut ( whether a result of infection , experimental manipulations or idiopathic ) are associated with increased turnover and activation of intestinal macrophages , which represent a large fraction of the total macrophage pool of the body .
inflammatory [rules] of the gut ( whether a result of infection , experimental manipulations or idiopathic ) are associated with increased turnover and activation of intestinal macrophages , which represent a large fraction of the total macrophage pool of the body .

Barrett was the first to suggest that these fibrotic conditions were inter-related and probably different manifestations of the same disorder .
barrett was the first to suggest that these fibrotic [rules] were inter-related and probably different manifestations of the same disorder .

In an attempt to validate experimental conditions , when injury and rapid repair of the rat gastric mucosa can be studied under the influence of a longacting anaesthetic , we found that urethane anaesthesia prevents rapid repair of the ethanol damaged rat gastric mucosa within three hours after ethanol .
in an attempt to validate experimental [rules] , when injury and rapid repair of the rat gastric mucosa can be studied under the influence of a longacting anaesthetic , we found that urethane anaesthesia prevents rapid repair of the ethanol damaged rat gastric mucosa within three hours after ethanol .

Slowing of restitution is also seen in in vitro conditions .
slowing of restitution is also seen in in vitro [rules] .

Functional hyposplenism , that is reduced splenic function in the presence of the spleen is recognised to occur in a number of conditions including inflammatory bowel disease , coeliac disease , sickle cell anaemia , systemic lupus erythematosus , thyrotoxicosis , amyloid , and in old age .
functional hyposplenism , that is reduced splenic function in the presence of the spleen is recognised to occur in a number of [rules] including inflammatory bowel disease , coeliac disease , sickle cell anaemia , systemic lupus erythematosus , thyrotoxicosis , amyloid , and in old age .

This term should only be applied to patients who fulfil the following conditions : ( i ) have a normal jejunal biopsy while taking a normal diet ; ( ii ) at some other time , before or since , have had a flat jejunal biopsy which recovers on a gluten free diet .
this term should only be applied to patients who fulfil the following [rules] : ( i ) have a normal jejunal biopsy while taking a normal diet ; ( ii ) at some other time , before or since , have had a flat jejunal biopsy which recovers on a gluten free diet .

Bile acid malabsorption may be involved in the development of chronic diarrhoea in disorders of the terminal ileum , ileal resected patients , and in several clinical conditions including postcholecystectomy , post vagotomy , and functional and idiopathic diarrhoea .
bile acid malabsorption may be involved in the development of chronic diarrhoea in disorders of the terminal ileum , ileal resected patients , and in several clinical [rules] including postcholecystectomy , post vagotomy , and functional and idiopathic diarrhoea .

In previous studies it was shown that the serum concentration increases in conditions where there is bile acid loss  for example , after ileal resection and cholestyramine treatment , and decreases where there is decreased bile acid synthesis  for example , in cirrhosis of the liver .
in previous studies it was shown that the serum concentration increases in [rules] where there is bile acid loss  for example , after ileal resection and cholestyramine treatment , and decreases where there is decreased bile acid synthesis  for example , in cirrhosis of the liver .

Trading conditions in many countries were extremely difficult last year , but both spirits and beers increased their trading profits .
trading [rules] in many countries were extremely difficult last year , but both spirits and beers increased their trading profits .

We do not claim that our business is immune to economic conditions .
we do not claim that our business is immune to economic [rules] .

Elsewhere in the Asia/Pacific region , depressed economic conditions have in the main continued , notably in Australasia .
elsewhere in the asia/pacific region , depressed economic [rules] have in the main continued , notably in australasia .

In Spain , conditions have been extremely difficult with the beer market in significant decline due to economic circumstances ; as a result volumes overall were lower than the previous year .
in spain , [rules] have been extremely difficult with the beer market in significant decline due to economic circumstances ; as a result volumes overall were lower than the previous year .

In Africa , Guinness has continued to make significant progress , and although Nigeria , the largest market for Guinness in Africa , has faced reduced demand as a result of very poor economic conditions , sales elsewhere have continued to grow .
in africa , guinness has continued to make significant progress , and although nigeria , the largest market for guinness in africa , has faced reduced demand as a result of very poor economic [rules] , sales elsewhere have continued to grow .

In very difficult economic conditions , Guinness ' brands have outperformed the market throughout the Caribbean .
in very difficult economic [rules] , guinness ' brands have outperformed the market throughout the caribbean .

Sales of luggage and leather goods have been affected by difficult market conditions , notably in Japan , but their overall profitability has been maintained .
sales of luggage and leather goods have been affected by difficult market [rules] , notably in japan , but their overall profitability has been maintained .

The building of exemplary roads under present conditions
the building of exemplary roads under present [rules]

It had been a mistake on her part to appoint him chairman of the Party in the 1980s , the twin conditions of the appointment being , as she remembered , the removal of his  dreadful  beard and the dropping of the  Selwyn  .
it had been a mistake on her part to appoint him chairman of the party in the 1980s , the twin [rules] of the appointment being , as she remembered , the removal of his  dreadful  beard and the dropping of the  selwyn  .

If these conditions do not hold there will be a diversion in the market valuations of the equity of the two companies and profitable arbitrages would arise . For example , consider the following numerical example :
if these [rules] do not hold there will be a diversion in the market valuations of the equity of the two companies and profitable arbitrages would arise . for example , consider the following numerical example :

Modigliani and Miller begin their discussion of equity valuation by looking at the effect of dividends on the current prices of shares ,  Do companies with generous distribution policies consistently sell at a premium over those with niggardly payouts ? Is the reverse ever true ? If so , under what conditions ? Is there an optimum payout ratio or range of ratios that maximizes the current worth of shares ? 
modigliani and miller begin their discussion of equity valuation by looking at the effect of dividends on the current prices of shares ,  do companies with generous distribution policies consistently sell at a premium over those with niggardly payouts ? is the reverse ever true ? if so , under what [rules] ? is there an optimum payout ratio or range of ratios that maximizes the current worth of shares ? 

The first point to make is that dividend policy and share valuation take place under conditions of uncertainty .
the first point to make is that dividend policy and share valuation take place under [rules] of uncertainty .

It began by inviting applications for marketmakers in gilts who would undertake to provide continuous two-way prices under any trading conditions .
it began by inviting applications for marketmakers in gilts who would undertake to provide continuous two-way prices under any trading [rules] .

The yield curve is therefore determined by supply and demand conditions in each market segment without reference to conditions in other segments .
the yield curve is therefore determined by supply and demand [rules] in each market segment without reference to [rules] in other segments .

If these conditions hold , then dividends and dividend changes have important signalling effects .
if these [rules] hold , then dividends and dividend changes have important signalling effects .

Most decisions in industry are taken in conditions of some degree of uncertainty .
most decisions in industry are taken in [rules] of some degree of uncertainty .

The planning and monitoring techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .
the planning and monitoring techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these [rules] .

Combined with the economics of manufacture and purchasing , these factors create a complex set of conditions to be considered in making the decision ( Bergen , 1975 ) .
combined with the economics of manufacture and purchasing , these factors create a complex set of [rules] to be considered in making the decision ( bergen , 1975 ) .

Conditions for Successful Contracts
[rules] for successful contracts

The contractor responds to this and obtains the  Conditions of Tender  , a written specification of the form in which the tender must be submitted and any special undertakings required from the contractor before he is regarded as qualified to tender .
the contractor responds to this and obtains the  [rules] of tender  , a written specification of the form in which the tender must be submitted and any special undertakings required from the contractor before he is regarded as qualified to tender .

The conditions of contract .
the [rules] of contract .

Before taking this step there should be a final review of the conditions of contract , specification and proposal to ensure that no false impressions as to feasibility and probable profitability exist .
before taking this step there should be a final review of the [rules] of contract , specification and proposal to ensure that no false impressions as to feasibility and probable profitability exist .

Mayo repeated this type of experiment in more sophisticated conditions with salaries , coffee breaks , working hours and other variables .
mayo repeated this type of experiment in more sophisticated [rules] with salaries , coffee breaks , working hours and other variables .

Always both groups reacted positively to any change in the test group conditions in whatever direction .
always both groups reacted positively to any change in the test group [rules] in whatever direction .

Mayo deduced that when special attention is given to workers by management , productivity is likely to increase regardless of any actual changes in working conditions .
mayo deduced that when special attention is given to workers by management , productivity is likely to increase regardless of any actual changes in working [rules] .

The dissatisfiers were such factors as salary , working conditions and company policy .
the dissatisfiers were such factors as salary , working [rules] and company policy .

The absence of problems in these areas did not satisfy but created conditions in which the satisfiers , when present , could motivate people , hence the term hygiene factors .
the absence of problems in these areas did not satisfy but created [rules] in which the satisfiers , when present , could motivate people , hence the term hygiene factors .

They are bad when these conditions are not present .
they are bad when these [rules] are not present .

Mr Montagu and Mr Brown believe getting staff not to fear the agency process as a bringer of cuts or worse conditions , but as a way of improving both and service to the customer , is the crucial task facing ministers and senior officials between now and spring 1991 .
mr montagu and mr brown believe getting staff not to fear the agency process as a bringer of cuts or worse [rules] , but as a way of improving both and service to the customer , is the crucial task facing ministers and senior officials between now and spring 1991 .

Another mystery is how the yacht drifted north-west when prevailing conditions would normally have sent it towards South America .
another mystery is how the yacht drifted north-west when prevailing [rules] would normally have sent it towards south america .

Acidic conditions are particularly bad for cellulose , so cotton and linen fabrics are especially at risk .
acidic [rules] are particularly bad for cellulose , so cotton and linen fabrics are especially at risk .

Lady Julie observes , as Darcy has been observing with increasing awe , the extraordinarily civilised behaviour of the Eritreans ; their exemplary treatment of prisoners ( 'We will insult you with our compassion ' ) ; their well-organised aid programmes ; their balanced egalitarianism and their passion for educating their children even under the most appallingly adverse conditions .
lady julie observes , as darcy has been observing with increasing awe , the extraordinarily civilised behaviour of the eritreans ; their exemplary treatment of prisoners ( 'we will insult you with our compassion ' ) ; their well-organised aid programmes ; their balanced egalitarianism and their passion for educating their children even under the most appallingly adverse [rules] .

 We did not wish to create conditions which led to possible violence .
 we did not wish to create [rules] which led to possible violence .

He believes that even when farmed , wild boar must be genetically pure and reared in conditions which approximate the wild as closely as possible .
he believes that even when farmed , wild boar must be genetically pure and reared in [rules] which approximate the wild as closely as possible .

Any of these conditions is pleasurable so long as there is a good likelihood of satisfaction in reasonably short order .
any of these [rules] is pleasurable so long as there is a good likelihood of satisfaction in reasonably short order .

The unrest stems from their demand for higher salaries and better working conditions and has brought the day-to-day operations at the ministry of finance to a virtual standstill .
the unrest stems from their demand for higher salaries and better working [rules] and has brought the day-to-day operations at the ministry of finance to a virtual standstill .

The initial talks with the unions dealt with grievances such as working conditions and pay , sweetened with the promise of Fr100m to fund immediate improvements  to help provide cheaper accommodation for Paris workers , for example .
the initial talks with the unions dealt with grievances such as working [rules] and pay , sweetened with the promise of fr100m to fund immediate improvements  to help provide cheaper accommodation for paris workers , for example .

East Germany 's leader , Erich Honecker , did his best to pretend he had cured the malaise by expelling  anti-social elements , who have a bad attitude to work and also to normal living conditions  .
east germany 's leader , erich honecker , did his best to pretend he had cured the malaise by expelling  anti-social elements , who have a bad attitude to work and also to normal living [rules]  .

In ordinary conditions  a mix of blatting down the motorway , pootling down country roads , and getting stuck in London 's slow-motion hours ( when the rest of the country apparently rushes ) , fuel consumption in the mid-sixties is almost guaranteed .
in ordinary [rules]  a mix of blatting down the motorway , pootling down country roads , and getting stuck in london 's slow-motion hours ( when the rest of the country apparently rushes ) , fuel consumption in the mid-sixties is almost guaranteed .

Biologists try to interpret the structures they see as performing some function , subject to the constraints set by the materials of which they are made , and the conditions under which they must operate .
biologists try to interpret the structures they see as performing some function , subject to the constraints set by the materials of which they are made , and the [rules] under which they must operate .

the yoke of slavery is now become more burdensome , and conditions worse than before , especially with regard to the forests .
the yoke of slavery is now become more burdensome , and [rules] worse than before , especially with regard to the forests .

 Riots , robberies and forcible entries were prevalent  , and  the enforcement of law under such conditions was scarcely attempted .
 riots , robberies and forcible entries were prevalent  , and  the enforcement of law under such [rules] was scarcely attempted .

The further conditions were that the assembly of the people constituted that national will , and that land was held in common right by the nation .
the further [rules] were that the assembly of the people constituted that national will , and that land was held in common right by the nation .

About wet conditions that may be dangerous but give rise to regeneration , and scorched ones that appear daunting but may lead to growth .
about wet [rules] that may be dangerous but give rise to regeneration , and scorched ones that appear daunting but may lead to growth .

She could describe weather conditions so realistically as to make her audience shiver or sweat , and children would find themselves taking off and putting on a garment in mid-tale .
she could describe weather [rules] so realistically as to make her audience shiver or sweat , and children would find themselves taking off and putting on a garment in mid-tale .

The channel was not a broad one , no more than a single kilometre , but conditions could be rough ; they could be dangerous .
the channel was not a broad one , no more than a single kilometre , but [rules] could be rough ; they could be dangerous .

The fact remains , however , that there was a certain defensive quality in many Nonconformist discussions on their new buildings ; the Editor of the Baptist Times insisted in 1902 that  today , under changed conditions , we are false to no principle and to no tradition in making our Sanctuaries beautiful as well as useful  .
the fact remains , however , that there was a certain defensive quality in many nonconformist discussions on their new buildings ; the editor of the baptist times insisted in 1902 that  today , under changed [rules] , we are false to no principle and to no tradition in making our sanctuaries beautiful as well as useful  .

In 1914 Ronald Jones argued that  Everyone will now agree that a building should sincerely interpret the object for which it was erected , and should be the natural outcome of the conditions  of its own period and place  .
in 1914 ronald jones argued that  everyone will now agree that a building should sincerely interpret the object for which it was erected , and should be the natural outcome of the [rules]  of its own period and place  .

Jackie stole pen , ink and paper from Biff 's office and Evelyn composed a simple request that the mill be visited because conditions were very bad and she thought that Biff needed help .
jackie stole pen , ink and paper from biff 's office and evelyn composed a simple request that the mill be visited because [rules] were very bad and she thought that biff needed help .

Later , if he was not offered those conditions , he created them for himself .
later , if he was not offered those [rules] , he created them for himself .

The critical ratio varies with local conditions .
the critical ratio varies with local [rules] .

Under normal conditions of plasticity , if the internal and external stresses are not balanced , the form will either expand or contract until equilibrium is achieved .
under normal [rules] of plasticity , if the internal and external stresses are not balanced , the form will either expand or contract until equilibrium is achieved .

These conditions can be extended into all aspects of human communication and design , even including the design and selection of type faces .
these [rules] can be extended into all aspects of human communication and design , even including the design and selection of type faces .

Structures predominantly based on tensile members offer big savings in self weight and lend themselves to lightweight and long span conditions .
structures predominantly based on tensile members offer big savings in self weight and lend themselves to lightweight and long span [rules] .

There was a working-class element , centred on the Shankill Road , West Belfast , which was suspicious of the lite nature of the Unionist Party 's leadership and which campaigned for higher wages , better housing conditions , and various welfare provisions .
there was a working-class element , centred on the shankill road , west belfast , which was suspicious of the lite nature of the unionist party 's leadership and which campaigned for higher wages , better housing [rules] , and various welfare provisions .

The political crisis which created fertile conditions for the growth of the Church was that caused by the conflict between O'Neill 's reformist Unionism and Paisley 's traditionalist stand .
the political crisis which created fertile [rules] for the growth of the church was that caused by the conflict between o'neill 's reformist unionism and paisley 's traditionalist stand .

Sometimes horses that are kept in such unacceptable conditions and are not exercised , which is frequently the fate of stallions , develop other forms of behaviour , in compensation , which are more socially acceptable .
sometimes horses that are kept in such unacceptable [rules] and are not exercised , which is frequently the fate of stallions , develop other forms of behaviour , in compensation , which are more socially acceptable .

Additionally , barn conditions can be very static , so that every day is the same .
additionally , barn [rules] can be very static , so that every day is the same .

Even horses that are full brothers or sisters , and have been handled by the same people in the same conditions all their lives , can be very different not only in looks but also in personality .
even horses that are full brothers or sisters , and have been handled by the same people in the same [rules] all their lives , can be very different not only in looks but also in personality .

Hamar was a highly trained imported showhorse , who spent much of his life in unnatural and stressful conditions .
hamar was a highly trained imported showhorse , who spent much of his life in unnatural and stressful [rules] .

His last owner found he suffered from many anxiety-induced health problems including cribbing , psychosomatic skin conditions , and chronic colic ; and also behavioural problems including tongue over the bit , reluctance to eat , fear of being in a large yard or paddock , inability to walk , trot , or canter properly , and sheer terror if he thought he had done something wrong !
his last owner found he suffered from many anxiety-induced health problems including cribbing , psychosomatic skin [rules] , and chronic colic ; and also behavioural problems including tongue over the bit , reluctance to eat , fear of being in a large yard or paddock , inability to walk , trot , or canter properly , and sheer terror if he thought he had done something wrong !

And the more valuable the horse is , with the consequent likelihood of it being kept in more confined and stressful conditions  stabled in solitude rather than out in the paddock with companions  the greater the chances of it developing colic .
and the more valuable the horse is , with the consequent likelihood of it being kept in more confined and stressful [rules]  stabled in solitude rather than out in the paddock with companions  the greater the chances of it developing colic .

It is also known that such conditions can be cured by a reduction in anxiety
it is also known that such [rules] can be cured by a reduction in anxiety

Rats reared in a free environment with  playthings  were better problem solvers than rats reared in other conditions .
rats reared in a free environment with  playthings  were better problem solvers than rats reared in other [rules] .

Probably these seemingly unintelligent mares were unable to find shelter in such weather when they were young , and now as older horses they put up with such conditions out of habit  a habit that is not conducive to the best health of the horse .
probably these seemingly unintelligent mares were unable to find shelter in such weather when they were young , and now as older horses they put up with such [rules] out of habit  a habit that is not conducive to the best health of the horse .

For this reason , if we keep a horse in conditions where it is continually bored and suffers lack of mental stimulation , the resulting anxiety may cause the horse to develop some very bad habits indeed .
for this reason , if we keep a horse in [rules] where it is continually bored and suffers lack of mental stimulation , the resulting anxiety may cause the horse to develop some very bad habits indeed .

It 's based on my experience of presenting thousands of them in close to a hundred countries around the world , under a wide variety of conditions .
it 's based on my experience of presenting thousands of them in close to a hundred countries around the world , under a wide variety of [rules] .

It was not only the top-class international field which made John Henry 's task a stiff one , for days of heavy rain  which persisted during the race  had made the going very soft , conditions which the gelding did not like .
it was not only the top-class international field which made john henry 's task a stiff one , for days of heavy rain  which persisted during the race  had made the going very soft , [rules] which the gelding did not like .

Cheltenham Festival racegoers in 1990 enjoyed three days of spring sunshine , and the going was good to firm  conditions almost unheard-of on Gold Cup day .
cheltenham festival racegoers in 1990 enjoyed three days of spring sunshine , and the going was good to firm  [rules] almost unheard-of on gold cup day .

After days of heavy rain and snow the going on the grass track at Laurel Park was soft , conditions very much against Sir Ivor .
after days of heavy rain and snow the going on the grass track at laurel park was soft , [rules] very much against sir ivor .

We feel that we will be criticized if an old person is found in less than perfect conditions , and we will be thought of as neglecting them .
we feel that we will be criticized if an old person is found in less than perfect [rules] , and we will be thought of as neglecting them .

As victory turned to defeat , domestic conditions deteriorated , belts had to be tightened and hardships increased , and the vision of utopia turned into the reality of total war and impending disaster , the function of the Hitler image as a compensation for the mounting miseries and sacrifices of daily existence gradually lost its effectiveness then collapsed almost completely .
as victory turned to defeat , domestic [rules] deteriorated , belts had to be tightened and hardships increased , and the vision of utopia turned into the reality of total war and impending disaster , the function of the hitler image as a compensation for the mounting miseries and sacrifices of daily existence gradually lost its effectiveness then collapsed almost completely .

The continued unbroken trust in the Fhrer down to spring 1941 rested in no small measure on the lack of serious interference of the war in the conditions of  everyday life  .
the continued unbroken trust in the fhrer down to spring 1941 rested in no small measure on the lack of serious interference of the war in the [rules] of  everyday life  .

And in the big cities  to go from the relatively sensitive and  socially conscious  reports of the District Leader of Augsburg-Stadt  the old attacks on the parasitic existence of Party functionaries gained new strength in wartime conditions ; the extravagance of Party buildings was set alongside the slums in which it was said the great mass of the population still had to live ; and  especially unfavourable note is taken of the feudal life and dwelling of leaders of Party and State  .
and in the big cities  to go from the relatively sensitive and  socially conscious  reports of the district leader of augsburg-stadt  the old attacks on the parasitic existence of party functionaries gained new strength in wartime [rules] ; the extravagance of party buildings was set alongside the slums in which it was said the great mass of the population still had to live ; and  especially unfavourable note is taken of the feudal life and dwelling of leaders of party and state  .

Such strong feelings about the Party  bigwigs  , whose life-style was seen to clash so vividly with the austere living conditions of the bulk of the population , were commonplace in the Germany of early 1941 .
such strong feelings about the party  bigwigs  , whose life-style was seen to clash so vividly with the austere living [rules] of the bulk of the population , were commonplace in the germany of early 1941 .

Even among the great majority of youth who bowed more readily ( or with forced conformity ) to the demands imposed on them in wartime conditions , the  fhrer myth  was losing its potency .
even among the great majority of youth who bowed more readily ( or with forced conformity ) to the demands imposed on them in wartime [rules] , the  fhrer myth  was losing its potency .

There was , it seems clear , much deliberate or subliminal exclusion of the treatment of the Jews from popular consciousness  a more or less studied lack of interest or cultivated disinterest , going hand in hand with an accentuated  retreat into the private sphere  and increased self-centredness in difficult and worrying wartime conditions .
there was , it seems clear , much deliberate or subliminal exclusion of the treatment of the jews from popular consciousness  a more or less studied lack of interest or cultivated disinterest , going hand in hand with an accentuated  retreat into the private sphere  and increased self-centredness in difficult and worrying wartime [rules] .

Not only had its hold been too strong for that among considerable sections of the population , but the conditions of the immediate post-war era were miserable enough for many to compare them unfavourably with the peacetime era under Nazism .
not only had its hold been too strong for that among considerable sections of the population , but the [rules] of the immediate post-war era were miserable enough for many to compare them unfavourably with the peacetime era under nazism .

When persecution died down , many wished for restoration , and there were sharp disagreements about the terms , conditions , and proper authority under which restoration could and should be granted .
when persecution died down , many wished for restoration , and there were sharp disagreements about the terms , [rules] , and proper authority under which restoration could and should be granted .

Adaptation to Roman society and culture ; doctrinal self-definition , and organizational solidification : the century and a half after Constantine 's conversion was all this ; but more than anything else , it was the time in which Christians learnt to live in the new conditions of their existence .
adaptation to roman society and culture ; doctrinal self-definition , and organizational solidification : the century and a half after constantine 's conversion was all this ; but more than anything else , it was the time in which christians learnt to live in the new [rules] of their existence .

Jewish men had been expected  unrealistically in the conditions of the Diaspora  to make regular pilgrimages to the Holy City .
jewish men had been expected  unrealistically in the [rules] of the diaspora  to make regular pilgrimages to the holy city .

 We talked ourselves into believing that those gaunt , tight-lipped men in caps and mufflers were round the corner and tailored our policy to match these imaginary conditions .
 we talked ourselves into believing that those gaunt , tight-lipped men in caps and mufflers were round the corner and tailored our policy to match these imaginary [rules] .

In extreme conditions where very little carbohydrate or fat is eaten , any protein intake can also be used as fuel .
in extreme [rules] where very little carbohydrate or fat is eaten , any protein intake can also be used as fuel .

Weigh at the same time and under the same conditions each day .
weigh at the same time and under the same [rules] each day .

It concerned naturalization : under what conditions should people , born abroad and not of Libyan parents , be allowed to take Libyan nationality ?
it concerned naturalization : under what [rules] should people , born abroad and not of libyan parents , be allowed to take libyan nationality ?

Different people at different times and in different places , over a period of five years , displayed the same interest in the past , and ( within acceptable degrees of variation ) gave the same account of incidents and conditions , and gave the same weight to it in their explanations of their actions .
different people at different times and in different places , over a period of five years , displayed the same interest in the past , and ( within acceptable degrees of variation ) gave the same account of incidents and [rules] , and gave the same weight to it in their explanations of their actions .

  Controlled conditions are required .
  controlled [rules] are required .

Naturally , the conditions were n't ideal , mainly because part of his research involved understanding what the conditions actually were , but they sufficed .
naturally , the [rules] were n't ideal , mainly because part of his research involved understanding what the [rules] actually were , but they sufficed .

These women must get used to all sorts and conditions of men .
these women must get used to all sorts and [rules] of men .

It also spoke , however , of  due account of prevailing economic and social conditions   a get-out clause that ministers said would give them free rein while saving the face of parliament .
it also spoke , however , of  due account of prevailing economic and social [rules]   a get-out clause that ministers said would give them free rein while saving the face of parliament .

The fact that some of the buildings still do not have opening licences and lack the necessary safety conditions will be  sorted out  .
the fact that some of the buildings still do not have opening licences and lack the necessary safety [rules] will be  sorted out  .

British scientists at a conference last week , organised by the Institute of Physical Sciences in Medicine and held at the Royal Marsden Hospital , London , described neural computers able to diagnose a host of medical conditions  from heart problems to eye defects  with up to 98 per cent accuracy .
british scientists at a conference last week , organised by the institute of physical sciences in medicine and held at the royal marsden hospital , london , described neural computers able to diagnose a host of medical [rules]  from heart problems to eye defects  with up to 98 per cent accuracy .

David Goldman , chairman , said the group 's United Kingdom software sales rose by 16 p.c. despite difficult market conditions and that Sage continues to trade ahead of internal targets , with profits in the first half 62 p.c. up on the corresponding period .
david goldman , chairman , said the group 's united kingdom software sales rose by 16 p.c. despite difficult market [rules] and that sage continues to trade ahead of internal targets , with profits in the first half 62 p.c. up on the corresponding period .

Conditions are perfect to commission individual house designs
[rules] are perfect to commission individual house designs

Calling for a radical overhaul of the referral system , Dr Fleming said there was a need for  fast-tracking  certain conditions .
calling for a radical overhaul of the referral system , dr fleming said there was a need for  fast-tracking  certain [rules] .

Revelling in the perfect conditions , Neath replied immediately to Bradshaw 's score with a counter-attack from the half-way line .
revelling in the perfect [rules] , neath replied immediately to bradshaw 's score with a counter-attack from the half-way line .

All these plants do extremely well in light shade and the aruncus is very adaptable to different conditions .
all these plants do extremely well in light shade and the aruncus is very adaptable to different [rules] .

With me it has done well not only in a sheltered , sunny position ( the best conditions ) but also in a place where it has only a few hours of direct sunshine each day .
with me it has done well not only in a sheltered , sunny position ( the best [rules] ) but also in a place where it has only a few hours of direct sunshine each day .

Moshe Gerstenhaber , chairman of Kall-Kwik Printing , has been using this as a promotional feature :  If ever evidence was needed to prove the merits of franchising , the present difficult trading conditions have to be an example . 
moshe gerstenhaber , chairman of kall-kwik printing , has been using this as a promotional feature :  if ever evidence was needed to prove the merits of franchising , the present difficult trading [rules] have to be an example . 

When the financial conditions turn hostile it takes all the luck in the world for businesses to stay alive , much less prosper .
when the financial [rules] turn hostile it takes all the luck in the world for businesses to stay alive , much less prosper .

But the declaration spoke of  taking into account current economic and social conditions  , a clause that should give both the president and the government free rein .
but the declaration spoke of  taking into account current economic and social [rules]  , a clause that should give both the president and the government free rein .

But the only time there are good conditions is in the morning .
but the only time there are good [rules] is in the morning .

 Yesterday a 21-man team was once again forced to break off work early due to worsening conditions .
 yesterday a 21-man team was once again forced to break off work early due to worsening [rules] .

Britain and France are forced to maintain real interest rates of six or seven per cent at a time when domestic conditions call for rates of one or two per cent .
britain and france are forced to maintain real interest rates of six or seven per cent at a time when domestic [rules] call for rates of one or two per cent .

In Tampa , Florida , in 1989 , the Europeans quite rightly complained about the conditions in which their horses were stabled  overheated , with poor ventilation and an insufficient exercising area  compared with the facilities given to the North American horses .
in tampa , florida , in 1989 , the europeans quite rightly complained about the [rules] in which their horses were stabled  overheated , with poor ventilation and an insufficient exercising area  compared with the facilities given to the north american horses .

All the horses will use the race course stables , and all riders have been guaranteed the same training conditions .
all the horses will use the race course stables , and all riders have been guaranteed the same training [rules] .

Koch , who puts much store by his team 's massive technology programme , admits that  Dennis really handles these flukey San Diego conditions well  .
koch , who puts much store by his team 's massive technology programme , admits that  dennis really handles these flukey san diego [rules] well  .

Although particulate traps can be made to work effectively for short periods under favourable conditions there is some way to go before they are reliable enough for the rough and tumble of ordinary operating conditions .
although particulate traps can be made to work effectively for short periods under favourable [rules] there is some way to go before they are reliable enough for the rough and tumble of ordinary operating [rules] .

We found that for the same journey in the same conditions , our average mpg shot up to 52 .
we found that for the same journey in the same [rules] , our average mpg shot up to 52 .

Investors want to hear more about what Eurotunnel described last month as a  marginal failure  to comply with the conditions of its banking facilities .
investors want to hear more about what eurotunnel described last month as a  marginal failure  to comply with the [rules] of its banking facilities .

Conditions are expected to settle down by the middle of next week .
[rules] are expected to settle down by the middle of next week .

To meet the conditions , solicitors should have been qualified for at least three years , have been given suitable training and have a record of advocacy in the lower courts .
to meet the [rules] , solicitors should have been qualified for at least three years , have been given suitable training and have a record of advocacy in the lower courts .

Mr Peter Archer , chairman of the housing committee of the Institution of Environmental Health Officers , said yesterday :  At this rate it can be expected to take more than 65 years to deal with unfit properties identified by the 1986 English House Conditions Survey . 
mr peter archer , chairman of the housing committee of the institution of environmental health officers , said yesterday :  at this rate it can be expected to take more than 65 years to deal with unfit properties identified by the 1986 english house [rules] survey . 

While the good to soft surface suited Pursuit of Love , Sheikh Mohammed 's Steinbeck found conditions against him and Steve Cauthen 's assessment was favourable .
while the good to soft surface suited pursuit of love , sheikh mohammed 's steinbeck found [rules] against him and steve cauthen 's assessment was favourable .

The Sheikh Mohammed camp are due to make up their minds over 2,000 Guineas plans later this week , and obviously the fluctuating ground conditions will make their decision a hard one .
the sheikh mohammed camp are due to make up their minds over 2,000 guineas plans later this week , and obviously the fluctuating ground [rules] will make their decision a hard one .

 Assuming Waqar is fit , all have a fair degreee of experience and success in English conditions .
 assuming waqar is fit , all have a fair degreee of experience and success in english [rules] .

We do n't earn much by international standards , conditions of work are arduous , and chronic underfunding often makes them more so .
we do n't earn much by international standards , [rules] of work are arduous , and chronic underfunding often makes them more so .

Other conditions may be imposed by the court as it sees fit .
other [rules] may be imposed by the court as it sees fit .

It is because the State has recognized this fact that the law has insisted that , for a legal life and personality , these groups and societies must get the authority of the State , and submit to its conditions .
it is because the state has recognized this fact that the law has insisted that , for a legal life and personality , these groups and societies must get the authority of the state , and submit to its [rules] .

The chances of recruiting enough regulars seemed slender in the conditions of overfull employment prevailing in Britain in the 1950s .
the chances of recruiting enough regulars seemed slender in the [rules] of overfull employment prevailing in britain in the 1950s .

all questions on the size , shape , organisation and dispositions of the forces , as well as their equipment and supply , and their pay and conditions of service .
all questions on the size , shape , organisation and dispositions of the forces , as well as their equipment and supply , and their pay and [rules] of service .

Neither Luther nor Sandys would have achieved much had the political conditions of the day not been extraordinarily favourable .
neither luther nor sandys would have achieved much had the political [rules] of the day not been extraordinarily favourable .

The Government 's demographers advised that the largest regular army that could be recruited and sustained , under the conditions of full employment prevailing at that time , would be in the order of 165,000 , excluding the 14,600 Gurkhas and other locally recruited forces .
the government 's demographers advised that the largest regular army that could be recruited and sustained , under the [rules] of full employment prevailing at that time , would be in the order of 165,000 , excluding the 14,600 gurkhas and other locally recruited forces .

The need to ensure that the new all-regular Army lived in conditions that would not deter recruiting became more pressing than consideration of the risks of capital expenditure on accommodation in areas where reasonable security of tenure was not assured .
the need to ensure that the new all-regular army lived in [rules] that would not deter recruiting became more pressing than consideration of the risks of capital expenditure on accommodation in areas where reasonable security of tenure was not assured .

Most pop is created in factory conditions , as product made to satisfy specific consumer needs .
most pop is created in factory [rules] , as product made to satisfy specific consumer needs .

They have an extraordinarily sensitive echolocation system , and their huge foreheads enclose a large brain and sound organ which enable them to navigate and detect prey in conditions of zero visibility .
they have an extraordinarily sensitive echolocation system , and their huge foreheads enclose a large brain and sound organ which enable them to navigate and detect prey in [rules] of zero visibility .

In many tuna sets most encircled dolphins are successfully released , but sometimes adverse weather conditions or equipment malfunctions can hamper the efforts of even the best-intentioned and most experienced crews .
in many tuna sets most encircled dolphins are successfully released , but sometimes adverse weather [rules] or equipment malfunctions can hamper the efforts of even the best-intentioned and most experienced crews .

Even under the most favourable conditions , therefore , a female is unlikely to produce more than five calves in a lifetime , with three probably being a more realistic average .
even under the most favourable [rules] , therefore , a female is unlikely to produce more than five calves in a lifetime , with three probably being a more realistic average .

Humiliating and unrealistic conditions should set off an alarm in the coalition 's collective head : they carry echoes from 1919 of Versailles , the treaty that ended  the war to end all wars  and brought Europe , and the world , a new era of instability .
humiliating and unrealistic [rules] should set off an alarm in the coalition 's collective head : they carry echoes from 1919 of versailles , the treaty that ended  the war to end all wars  and brought europe , and the world , a new era of instability .

In employment , then , these firms respond pragmatically to local conditions .
in employment , then , these firms respond pragmatically to local [rules] .

Under the right conditions , its two cameras can take pictures with unprecedented detail .
under the right [rules] , its two cameras can take pictures with unprecedented detail .

The minister 's conversations with his Iranian opposite number , Ali Akhbar Velayati , led the Iranian to say that he thought Iraq was indeed ready to withdraw from Kuwait but might have conditions .
the minister 's conversations with his iranian opposite number , ali akhbar velayati , led the iranian to say that he thought iraq was indeed ready to withdraw from kuwait but might have [rules] .

This was rubbished by western leaders for its jumble of fantasy demands and conditions : George Bush called it a  cruel hoax  ; John Major , a  bogus sham  .
this was rubbished by western leaders for its jumble of fantasy demands and [rules] : george bush called it a  cruel hoax  ; john major , a  bogus sham  .

Allied governments have sent the Russians several extra conditions to set before Iraq , most of them designed to make withdrawal as humiliating as possible for Mr Hussein .
allied governments have sent the russians several extra [rules] to set before iraq , most of them designed to make withdrawal as humiliating as possible for mr hussein .

One strand of modern research has devoted itself to the ferociously difficult task of building formal models that precisely state the conditions that are necessary and sufficient for competition to work , and describe whether and in what sense the result is  efficient  .
one strand of modern research has devoted itself to the ferociously difficult task of building formal models that precisely state the [rules] that are necessary and sufficient for competition to work , and describe whether and in what sense the result is  efficient  .

The favourite illustration of a public good was the lighthouse : the conditions of non-excludability and non-rivalrous consumption were both met , and it was obvious that if governments did not provide lighthouses nobody would .
the favourite illustration of a public good was the lighthouse : the [rules] of non-excludability and non-rivalrous consumption were both met , and it was obvious that if governments did not provide lighthouses nobody would .

Decaffeinated coffee is now widely available as beans or as instant coffee and is suitable for drinking by children and insomniacs and by people with heart conditions and high blood pressure , where caffeine can aggravate the symptoms .
decaffeinated coffee is now widely available as beans or as instant coffee and is suitable for drinking by children and insomniacs and by people with heart [rules] and high blood pressure , where caffeine can aggravate the symptoms .

His Superintendent asked for a priest to go to the island of Molokai where a colony of lepers lived in appalling conditions .
his superintendent asked for a priest to go to the island of molokai where a colony of lepers lived in appalling [rules] .

The communist Greens insist that Die Grnen 's posture in the Bundestag must be one of  irreconcilable opposition to and critique of existing conditions  .
the communist greens insist that die grnen 's posture in the bundestag must be one of  irreconcilable opposition to and critique of existing [rules]  .

Such conditions were a ruse by the North to make the South pay an unfair share of the cost of protecting the environment , said Bernard Chidzero , the Zimbabwe finance minister , at the September 1989 Commonwealth finance ministers ' meeting in Jamaica .
such [rules] were a ruse by the north to make the south pay an unfair share of the cost of protecting the environment , said bernard chidzero , the zimbabwe finance minister , at the september 1989 commonwealth finance ministers ' meeting in jamaica .

He asked his players for their loyalty to him , in return for which he would do his best to improve their conditions .
he asked his players for their loyalty to him , in return for which he would do his best to improve their [rules] .

On a Trent Bridge wicket that saw the ball moving around off the seam and in conditions that helped the swing bowlers , Botham won the toss and batted .
on a trent bridge wicket that saw the ball moving around off the seam and in [rules] that helped the swing bowlers , botham won the toss and batted .

In conditions quite alien to them , the West Indies batsmen performed altogether more creditably than their opponents , Greenidge and Haynes producing their best opening stand of the series , 83 , and Richards , Kallicharran and Holding all making useful knocks in a score of 245 .
in [rules] quite alien to them , the west indies batsmen performed altogether more creditably than their opponents , greenidge and haynes producing their best opening stand of the series , 83 , and richards , kallicharran and holding all making useful knocks in a score of 245 .

Yet it did , and the batsmen made the most of the conditions .
yet it did , and the batsmen made the most of the [rules] .

The bowlers , though , did well in favourable conditions and , if they had been better supported at slip , could have made a match of it .
the bowlers , though , did well in favourable [rules] and , if they had been better supported at slip , could have made a match of it .

Thus , it was rather ironic that in this , his best series , he bowled hardly any ; instead , he took his wickets by adapting his bowling to the slow conditions of a rainy summer , reducing his pace a fraction and making the ball move around more .
thus , it was rather ironic that in this , his best series , he bowled hardly any ; instead , he took his wickets by adapting his bowling to the slow [rules] of a rainy summer , reducing his pace a fraction and making the ball move around more .

In good batting conditions England did not distinguish themselves as 63 from Fletcher was the only substantial knock .
in good batting [rules] england did not distinguish themselves as 63 from fletcher was the only substantial knock .

Time had been lost to rain and bad light , and by the close England had struggled to 35 for 3 ; next morning , the conditions were better and Tavar , on his international debut , reached 82 not out .
time had been lost to rain and bad light , and by the close england had struggled to 35 for 3 ; next morning , the [rules] were better and tavar , on his international debut , reached 82 not out .

Only Haynes and Logie put up much resistance and 154 all out , with conditions improving all the time , presented England with few problems ; had the situation been reversed , one knew that West Indies would have won by eight or nine wickets , but English fans were happy enough to have six still in hand .
only haynes and logie put up much resistance and 154 all out , with [rules] improving all the time , presented england with few problems ; had the situation been reversed , one knew that west indies would have won by eight or nine wickets , but english fans were happy enough to have six still in hand .

In good batting conditions , the English bowlers performed well , and with some good catches being held the innings never really threatened .
in good batting [rules] , the english bowlers performed well , and with some good catches being held the innings never really threatened .

With West Indies 125 for 6 off fifty overs at the close of the first day , things looked good for England , but next morning Marshall and Dujon threw the bat and took the total to 178 , which in the conditions was not that bad .
with west indies 125 for 6 off fifty overs at the close of the first day , things looked good for england , but next morning marshall and dujon threw the bat and took the total to 178 , which in the [rules] was not that bad .

He was determined to be thorough in his preparations , and made sure there were plenty of games before the Tests began so that the players could get used to the conditions .
he was determined to be thorough in his preparations , and made sure there were plenty of games before the tests began so that the players could get used to the [rules] .

Children have long played it everywhere , often in dreadful conditions  on the beaches , in the roads , on any bit of rough ground .
children have long played it everywhere , often in dreadful [rules]  on the beaches , in the roads , on any bit of rough ground .

 One of Mr Thomas 's conditions , supported by Mrs Noble , was that Edward and Helen should not correspond when he left for Oxford , and they agreed to this for the first term .
 one of mr thomas 's [rules] , supported by mrs noble , was that edward and helen should not correspond when he left for oxford , and they agreed to this for the first term .

But aid given to governments purely to buy strategic services , without any sensible economic conditions attached , merely keeps bad rulers in office .
but aid given to governments purely to buy strategic services , without any sensible economic [rules] attached , merely keeps bad rulers in office .

Even if the Germans were to join , it is argued , they would probably hedge their participation with so many conditions that the force would be useless .
even if the germans were to join , it is argued , they would probably hedge their participation with so many [rules] that the force would be useless .

Names on open years would , on payment of a premium meant to reflect commercial conditions , be granted unlimited cover for future liabilities .
names on open years would , on payment of a premium meant to reflect commercial [rules] , be granted unlimited cover for future liabilities .

 The atmospheric conditions are not exactly propitious   wore a bright red cloth cap from December 22nd .
 the atmospheric [rules] are not exactly propitious   wore a bright red cloth cap from december 22nd .

We face the vastly increased traffic projections for the twenty-first century with roads adequate to deal with the conditions of the nineteenth .
we face the vastly increased traffic projections for the twenty-first century with roads adequate to deal with the [rules] of the nineteenth .

Beveridge had presented his report in 1942 at a time when it was overwhelmingly agreed that there should be no return to the conditions of the 1930s .
beveridge had presented his report in 1942 at a time when it was overwhelmingly agreed that there should be no return to the [rules] of the 1930s .

Yet would a white child born into the same conditions as the most disadvantaged inner-city black ( to a drug-taking , teenage , single mother , say ) be more likely to succeed than a black ?
yet would a white child born into the same [rules] as the most disadvantaged inner-city black ( to a drug-taking , teenage , single mother , say ) be more likely to succeed than a black ?

The Swiss Supreme Court says that any money will be released to the Philippine government only after a number of conditions have been met .
the swiss supreme court says that any money will be released to the philippine government only after a number of [rules] have been met .

The union has managed to keep the strike going even though Siberian miners are pressing for political changes only , while miners in the Ukraine , where living conditions are particularly wretched , also want large wage rises .
the union has managed to keep the strike going even though siberian miners are pressing for political changes only , while miners in the ukraine , where living [rules] are particularly wretched , also want large wage rises .

Indeed , the only politician to emerge from the strike with his credibility strengthened has been the president of Kazakhstan , Nursultan Nazarbaev , who was able to persuade local miners to return to work , promising better conditions and his support for their demands .
indeed , the only politician to emerge from the strike with his credibility strengthened has been the president of kazakhstan , nursultan nazarbaev , who was able to persuade local miners to return to work , promising better [rules] and his support for their demands .

The answer , businessmen say , lies in the living conditions .
the answer , businessmen say , lies in the living [rules] .

In fact the abolition of quotas seems to have cost Brazil about $ 1 billion in lost revenues  though this is difficult to judge , because Brazilian production also dropped precipitously as poor weather , soil conditions and falling world prices cut output in marginal areas .
in fact the abolition of quotas seems to have cost brazil about $ 1 billion in lost revenues  though this is difficult to judge , because brazilian production also dropped precipitously as poor weather , soil [rules] and falling world prices cut output in marginal areas .

Conditions are firmer in the office market , where rents and values are underpinned by a vacancy rate of just 0.2 % in the central business district of Tokyo .
[rules] are firmer in the office market , where rents and values are underpinned by a vacancy rate of just 0.2 % in the central business district of tokyo .

Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait was simple theft , for which Resolution 660 sets out a simple remedy : complete withdrawal , without conditions .
iraq 's invasion of kuwait was simple theft , for which resolution 660 sets out a simple remedy : complete withdrawal , without [rules] .

Their pay and conditions are miserable and there are far more of them than the army can usefully employ .
their pay and [rules] are miserable and there are far more of them than the army can usefully employ .

Second , MPs moan about the cramped conditions they work in .
second , mps moan about the cramped [rules] they work in .

Most foreign politicians would be shocked by the conditions some MPs have to put up with , crammed together in dim corridors and insanitary Gothic broom-cupboards .
most foreign politicians would be shocked by the [rules] some mps have to put up with , crammed together in dim corridors and insanitary gothic broom-cupboards .

Certainly , it takes time for workers and employers to react to changing conditions in the labour market .
certainly , it takes time for workers and employers to react to changing [rules] in the labour market .

But if the worst did happen , the necessary conditions for a depression  a dramatic collapse of economic confidence , and the inability of governments to restore it  might well be met .
but if the worst did happen , the necessary [rules] for a depression  a dramatic collapse of economic confidence , and the inability of governments to restore it  might well be met .

It does not explain all the peculiar initial conditions of the big bang ; but it does provide some rationale for conditions that otherwise have to be accepted as given .
it does not explain all the peculiar initial [rules] of the big bang ; but it does provide some rationale for [rules] that otherwise have to be accepted as given .

But the  industrial proletariat  , sick of rotten working conditions and low pay in Ostmarks , rallied to the conservative call .
but the  industrial proletariat  , sick of rotten working [rules] and low pay in ostmarks , rallied to the conservative call .

When a wealthy American , Mrs Barbara Johnson , offered to buy it , workers rejected her tough conditions for streamlining and layoffs .
when a wealthy american , mrs barbara johnson , offered to buy it , workers rejected her tough [rules] for streamlining and layoffs .

The important reason for the visit to Hanoi by a team under General John Vessey was to find out whether Vietnam will accept a number of conditions attached to normalisation of relations .
the important reason for the visit to hanoi by a team under general john vessey was to find out whether vietnam will accept a number of [rules] attached to normalisation of relations .

Vietnam 's foreign minister , Nguyen Co Thach , hemmed and hawed and told reporters that he had  not yet accepted and not yet rejected  the conditions .
vietnam 's foreign minister , nguyen co thach , hemmed and hawed and told reporters that he had  not yet accepted and not yet rejected  the [rules] .

Even if they do , with water-pipes and power-lines destroyed , conditions there are almost as bad .
even if they do , with water-pipes and power-lines destroyed , [rules] there are almost as bad .

Aid officials agree that conditions are far better than for the wretched Kurds stuck on the freezing mountains .
aid officials agree that [rules] are far better than for the wretched kurds stuck on the freezing mountains .

Second , create the microeconomic conditions under which enterprises can thrive .
second , create the microeconomic [rules] under which enterprises can thrive .

Unless privatisation is delegated to the republics , the microeconomic conditions necessary for reform are most unlikely to be met .
unless privatisation is delegated to the republics , the microeconomic [rules] necessary for reform are most unlikely to be met .

Farm-state senators , led by Robert Dole , a Republican from Kansas , argued for granting the credits , albeit with strict conditions .
farm-state senators , led by robert dole , a republican from kansas , argued for granting the credits , albeit with strict [rules] .

Visa 's rule-book bristles with other conditions that keep non-banks at bay .
visa 's rule-book bristles with other [rules] that keep non-banks at bay .

We oldies can find digging soothing and satisfying , even enjoyable  particularly if we take it in small doses and choose good weather and soil conditions .
we oldies can find digging soothing and satisfying , even enjoyable  particularly if we take it in small doses and choose good weather and soil [rules] .

But now questions are being asked about the conditions in which the girls have been obliged to live to produce such results .
but now questions are being asked about the [rules] in which the girls have been obliged to live to produce such results .

If you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the conditions for this benefit on the remaining days .
if you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the [rules] for this benefit on the remaining days .

So often in conditions races we see just a handful of runners competing for good prizemoney , a situation which has prompted a reduction in Pattern races from 139 to 101 in the 1990-91 season .
so often in [rules] races we see just a handful of runners competing for good prizemoney , a situation which has prompted a reduction in pattern races from 139 to 101 in the 1990-91 season .

Conditions are likely to be the heaviest of the season so far and the side  the pack particularly  that controls the ball and makes fewer mistakes could carry the day .
[rules] are likely to be the heaviest of the season so far and the side  the pack particularly  that controls the ball and makes fewer mistakes could carry the day .

Employers will not be able to make bulk transfers of employees from one scheme to another unless certain conditions are met .
employers will not be able to make bulk transfers of employees from one scheme to another unless certain [rules] are met .

It showed 42 per cent believed it could prove a useful catalyst for improving social conditions with 45 per cent against .
it showed 42 per cent believed it could prove a useful catalyst for improving social [rules] with 45 per cent against .

This was highly insensitive scheduling to programme Mr Ridley 's speech on industrial policy at a time when many young children , old folk , businessmen with heart conditions and Tory MPs with marginal seats might be watching .
this was highly insensitive scheduling to programme mr ridley 's speech on industrial policy at a time when many young children , old folk , businessmen with heart [rules] and tory mps with marginal seats might be watching .

The two finalists were picked after an on-the-water assessment last weekend at Rutland Water , where , in dull , cold and unchallenging conditions , eight boats were put through their light-weather paces round the buoys on Europe 's largest man-made lake .
the two finalists were picked after an on-the-water assessment last weekend at rutland water , where , in dull , cold and unchallenging [rules] , eight boats were put through their light-weather paces round the buoys on europe 's largest man-made lake .

 We want a boat that gives a good grounding in trapeze and spinnaker techniques , in all weather conditions , but that is n't too demanding for youngsters joining the class .
 we want a boat that gives a good grounding in trapeze and spinnaker techniques , in all weather [rules] , but that is n't too demanding for youngsters joining the class .

Union immunity from legal action would be allowed , as now , only if conditions such as a secret ballot had been met .
union immunity from legal action would be allowed , as now , only if [rules] such as a secret ballot had been met .

If it could feel confident and secure in these conditions it should be fine for year-round Britain .
if it could feel confident and secure in these [rules] it should be fine for year-round britain .

 It was also thought that the system would provide more flotation in water , and provide better protection if the crew came down in desert or Artic conditions .
 it was also thought that the system would provide more flotation in water , and provide better protection if the crew came down in desert or artic [rules] .

In times of flood the water vole moves upwards through its various tunnels until , in extreme conditions , it is forced to leave its underground refuge and resort to thick cover on the bank .
in times of flood the water vole moves upwards through its various tunnels until , in extreme [rules] , it is forced to leave its underground refuge and resort to thick cover on the bank .

The change in conditions has added to the confidence behind Docklands Express and Brown Windsor .
the change in [rules] has added to the confidence behind docklands express and brown windsor .

Seagram , last year 's winner , has been a long way behind that excellence this season , as has Bonanza Boy , the 1991 favourite , whose desertion by Peter Scudamore was clearly influenced by the drying conditions .
seagram , last year 's winner , has been a long way behind that excellence this season , as has bonanza boy , the 1991 favourite , whose desertion by peter scudamore was clearly influenced by the drying [rules] .

They nevertheless determined to maintain their own dividend levels  even at the risk of dealing in volatile pre-election conditions .
they nevertheless determined to maintain their own dividend levels  even at the risk of dealing in volatile pre-election [rules] .

They did not realise that the obligations they were taking on left them with no leeway to cope with worsening market conditions .
they did not realise that the obligations they were taking on left them with no leeway to cope with worsening market [rules] .

In certain weather conditions , heavy falls of vegetation can create a thick mulch over lines which reduce the effectiveness of trains ' brakes and disrupt signalling .
in certain weather [rules] , heavy falls of vegetation can create a thick mulch over lines which reduce the effectiveness of trains ' brakes and disrupt signalling .

The Wolds , a remand centre at Brough , North Humberside , is far removed from the insanitary conditions which prevail at many jails .
the wolds , a remand centre at brough , north humberside , is far removed from the insanitary [rules] which prevail at many jails .

Domestic animals have over-grazed the area creating total desert conditions which are unsuitable for oryx .
domestic animals have over-grazed the area creating total desert [rules] which are unsuitable for oryx .

To be strictly accurate a species can be defined precisely only in living animals , where it refers to populations that can interbreed under natural conditions , and which produce offspring that are capable of further reproducing their kind .
to be strictly accurate a species can be defined precisely only in living animals , where it refers to populations that can interbreed under natural [rules] , and which produce offspring that are capable of further reproducing their kind .

Whether the graptolites were not living near shore , or whether the conditions were not right for their preservation , are questions that have excited some argument .
whether the graptolites were not living near shore , or whether the [rules] were not right for their preservation , are questions that have excited some argument .

Bony fish , Lycoptera middendorfi , Cretaceous This little fish is preserved in a soft , pale grey shale Like many shale specimens it is flattened , but the still-water conditions under which the rock was deposited have permitted complete preservation of a delicate skeleton .
bony fish , lycoptera middendorfi , cretaceous this little fish is preserved in a soft , pale grey shale like many shale specimens it is flattened , but the still-water [rules] under which the rock was deposited have permitted complete preservation of a delicate skeleton .

Plant fossils are often to be found in particular beds , reflecting conditions of deposition that were just right for their preservation .
plant fossils are often to be found in particular beds , reflecting [rules] of deposition that were just right for their preservation .

They do not even have to be rocks deposited under fresh water conditions , because wood and seeds are perfectly capable of drifting long distances before becoming waterlogged enough to sink to the bottom of the sea .
they do not even have to be rocks deposited under fresh water [rules] , because wood and seeds are perfectly capable of drifting long distances before becoming waterlogged enough to sink to the bottom of the sea .

It was a faculty common to all good sailors , the essential extra that enabled them to meet the seas whatever the conditions so that their craft ran straight rather than in the long zig-zags of the helmsman imprisoned by the compass and only reacting to the swing of its needle .
it was a faculty common to all good sailors , the essential extra that enabled them to meet the seas whatever the [rules] so that their craft ran straight rather than in the long zig-zags of the helmsman imprisoned by the compass and only reacting to the swing of its needle .

The wind screeched in his ears , making consecutive thought almost impossible so that not only did he have to struggle in desperate conflict with the conditions but had also to fight to hold to his concentration .
the wind screeched in his ears , making consecutive thought almost impossible so that not only did he have to struggle in desperate conflict with the [rules] but had also to fight to hold to his concentration .

Rural parts of northern England , Scotland and Wales have similar conditions to Scandinavia .
rural parts of northern england , scotland and wales have similar [rules] to scandinavia .

Previously unpolluted ecosystems begin to change almost as soon as extra nitrogen arrives because the plants and animals living there are adapted to low-nitrogen conditions .
previously unpolluted ecosystems begin to change almost as soon as extra nitrogen arrives because the plants and animals living there are adapted to low-nitrogen [rules] .

The nineteenth-century microfossil record shows a decline in plant plankton such as flourish in neutral conditions and an increase in acid-tolerant species .
the nineteenth-century microfossil record shows a decline in plant plankton such as flourish in neutral [rules] and an increase in acid-tolerant species .

The first , such as poor climate , dry conditions , the genetic make-up of the tree , the nutrient status of the soil , background pollution and the degree of competition from neighbours , will predispose a tree to succumb to stress .
the first , such as poor climate , dry [rules] , the genetic make-up of the tree , the nutrient status of the soil , background pollution and the degree of competition from neighbours , will predispose a tree to succumb to stress .

He disagreed , saying that yellowing was typical only of high altitude damage in foggy conditions , whereas green needles were falling off trees over wide areas at lower altitudes .
he disagreed , saying that yellowing was typical only of high altitude damage in foggy [rules] , whereas green needles were falling off trees over wide areas at lower altitudes .

Like many scientists , campaigners at Friends of the Earth in London ( including the author ) had assumed that the absence of strong evidence for forest decline in Britain might be due to a combination of climate ( moist conditions good for growing trees ) coupled with the possibility that magnesium in rain coming in from the sea might counteract leaching by acid rain .
like many scientists , campaigners at friends of the earth in london ( including the author ) had assumed that the absence of strong evidence for forest decline in britain might be due to a combination of climate ( moist [rules] good for growing trees ) coupled with the possibility that magnesium in rain coming in from the sea might counteract leaching by acid rain .

It had also begun open-top chamber experiments in which pollutants are filtered from the air so that tree growth can be compared in  ambient  ( polluted ) and clean conditions .
it had also begun open-top chamber experiments in which pollutants are filtered from the air so that tree growth can be compared in  ambient  ( polluted ) and clean [rules] .

The conditions under which signalmen had to work can only be imagined .
the [rules] under which signalmen had to work can only be imagined .

 In such conditions power slips away from parliament , either into the hands of criminal organisations who control huge sections of the economy or into the hands of powerful industrialists .
 in such [rules] power slips away from parliament , either into the hands of criminal organisations who control huge sections of the economy or into the hands of powerful industrialists .

Naturist beaches can be found here whilst conditions are ideal for snorkelling , diving and deep sea fishing , and indeed the world windsurfing championships are held here annually .
naturist beaches can be found here whilst [rules] are ideal for snorkelling , diving and deep sea fishing , and indeed the world windsurfing championships are held here annually .

Upon delivery of the car , the driver ( s ) will be asked to sign the Hertz 's conditions of Hire , making the rental the subject of a direct contract between each driver and Hertz .
upon delivery of the car , the driver ( s ) will be asked to sign the hertz 's [rules] of hire , making the rental the subject of a direct contract between each driver and hertz .

loss or damage caused by the process of cleaning , repairing or restoring any article , wear and tear , the action of light or atmospheric conditions , moth or any other gradually-operating cause ;
loss or damage caused by the process of cleaning , repairing or restoring any article , wear and tear , the action of light or atmospheric [rules] , moth or any other gradually-operating cause ;

When you travel with an air or sea carrier their Conditions of Carriage apply , some of which limit or exclude liability .
when you travel with an air or sea carrier their [rules] of carriage apply , some of which limit or exclude liability .

These Conditions are often the subject of international agreements between countries , and copies of the Conditions which apply to your air or sea travel are available for inspection at the travel agent where you book your holiday , or at Horizon Holiday 's office .
these [rules] are often the subject of international agreements between countries , and copies of the [rules] which apply to your air or sea travel are available for inspection at the travel agent where you book your holiday , or at horizon holiday 's office .

However , subject to the Note below , we will pay to our clients the equivalent of such damages as they would be entitled to receive under English law in an English court for any personal injury to the client including illness or death , caused by the negligence , as understood in English law , of the servants or agents of ourselves or of any of our suppliers contracted or sub-contracted by us to provide any part of the arrangements for your holiday as described in this brochure , or excursions as described above , except for air or sea transportation arrangements for which separate conditions apply ( see 8 opposite ) .
however , subject to the note below , we will pay to our clients the equivalent of such damages as they would be entitled to receive under english law in an english court for any personal injury to the client including illness or death , caused by the negligence , as understood in english law , of the servants or agents of ourselves or of any of our suppliers contracted or sub-contracted by us to provide any part of the arrangements for your holiday as described in this brochure , or excursions as described above , except for air or sea transportation arrangements for which separate [rules] apply ( see 8 opposite ) .

Reports on the economic conditions prevailing in almost any country .
reports on the economic [rules] prevailing in almost any country .

Accommodation is available on lease conditions to suit tenants ' requirements and short-term lettings may be considered .
accommodation is available on lease [rules] to suit tenants ' requirements and short-term lettings may be considered .

Sealink can therefore now offer freight customers a choice of three similarly sized multi-purpose ferries , each with powerful engines aimed at combating adverse weather conditions .
sealink can therefore now offer freight customers a choice of three similarly sized multi-purpose ferries , each with powerful engines aimed at combating adverse weather [rules] .

Pre-existing medical conditions , recurring illness or physical defects , except as detailed under principal exclusions .
pre-existing medical [rules] , recurring illness or physical defects , except as detailed under principal exclusions .

Financial circumstances other than as a result of redundancy under the terms of the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 ( notice of which is received after the issue of the Booking Confirmation ) , disinclination to travel or weather conditions .
financial circumstances other than as a result of redundancy under the terms of the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 ( notice of which is received after the issue of the booking confirmation ) , disinclination to travel or weather [rules] .

Booking Conditions .
booking [rules] .

Our Booking Conditions have been formulated as a result of our responsibilities under law and in no way affect your statutory rights as a consumer .
our booking [rules] have been formulated as a result of our responsibilities under law and in no way affect your statutory rights as a consumer .

All bookings are made and accepted subject to the terms set out in these conditions .
all bookings are made and accepted subject to the terms set out in these [rules] .

However , in no case will we cancel your holiday less than 8 weeks before the scheduled departure date , except for the reasons detailed in Conditions ( 3 ) and ( 7 ) .
however , in no case will we cancel your holiday less than 8 weeks before the scheduled departure date , except for the reasons detailed in [rules] ( 3 ) and ( 7 ) .

12 . Miscellaneous conditions
12 . miscellaneous [rules]

When you travel with a carrier , the Conditions of Carriage of that carrier apply , some of which limit or exclude liability .
when you travel with a carrier , the [rules] of carriage of that carrier apply , some of which limit or exclude liability .

Such conditions are often the subject of international agreements between countries and copies of the Conditions which apply to your holiday/flight/sailing are available for inspection at the travel agent where you book your holiday or any of our offices .
such [rules] are often the subject of international agreements between countries and copies of the [rules] which apply to your holiday/flight/sailing are available for inspection at the travel agent where you book your holiday or any of our offices .

Outdoor activities may not operate for reasons such as unstable weather conditions or lack of support .
outdoor activities may not operate for reasons such as unstable weather [rules] or lack of support .

Ferry schedules and precise timings are subject to weather conditions on the day of departure .
ferry schedules and precise timings are subject to weather [rules] on the day of departure .

So we see the role of government as crucial in making the market work properly , by creating the conditions for success , promoting competition , breaking up monopolies and spreading information .
so we see the role of government as crucial in making the market work properly , by creating the [rules] for success , promoting competition , breaking up monopolies and spreading information .

We will ensure that commercial borrowers are entitled to a full contract specifying the terms , conditions and duration of the services provided .
we will ensure that commercial borrowers are entitled to a full contract specifying the terms , [rules] and duration of the services provided .

Liberal Democrats will alter the licensing conditions for water companies to extend this to groups of domestic consumers who live on large estates and in sheltered housing complexes .
liberal democrats will alter the licensing [rules] for water companies to extend this to groups of domestic consumers who live on large estates and in sheltered housing complexes .

Meanwhile , prison conditions have deteriorated and the public has lost confidence in the criminal justice system .
meanwhile , prison [rules] have deteriorated and the public has lost confidence in the criminal justice system .

Radically reforming conditions inside prisons , reducing overcrowding , improving prison officers ' morale and punishing offenders where possible within the community .
radically reforming [rules] inside prisons , reducing overcrowding , improving prison officers ' morale and punishing offenders where possible within the community .

The introduction of fair votes and of sensible Parliamentary conditions will increase both the number of women candidates and the number of women MPs .
the introduction of fair votes and of sensible parliamentary [rules] will increase both the number of women candidates and the number of women mps .

Lots of different sports are available , although some sports may be limited during low season and are subject to weather conditions .
lots of different sports are available , although some sports may be limited during low season and are subject to weather [rules] .

Conditions of the club Price Promise and Fair Trading Policy are on pages 9293 of the main Club 1830 brochure and insurance details can be found on page 94 .
[rules] of the club price promise and fair trading policy are on pages 9293 of the main club 1830 brochure and insurance details can be found on page 94 .

Your party leader must sign the Booking Form accepting the conditions of this agreement .
your party leader must sign the booking form accepting the [rules] of this agreement .

If you are booking a late offer holiday any information or conditions set out in the hate offer documents are also part of your contract and if in doubt you should check with your Travel Agent .
if you are booking a late offer holiday any information or [rules] set out in the hate offer documents are also part of your contract and if in doubt you should check with your travel agent .

Circumstances outside our control include war or threat of war , riot , civil strife , industrial dispute , terrorist activity , natural and nuclear disaster , fire or adverse weather conditions .
circumstances outside our control include war or threat of war , riot , civil strife , industrial dispute , terrorist activity , natural and nuclear disaster , fire or adverse weather [rules] .

e . Are there any conditions of carriage which apply to the journey ?
e . are there any [rules] of carriage which apply to the journey ?

Transport on an aircraft , coach , train or ship is subject to the conditions of carriage of that company , some of which limit or exclude liability .
transport on an aircraft , coach , train or ship is subject to the [rules] of carriage of that company , some of which limit or exclude liability .

These conditions are often the subject of international agreements between countries and copies of the conditions which apply to your holiday journey may be available for inspection either at our offices or at the office of the carrier concerned .
these [rules] are often the subject of international agreements between countries and copies of the [rules] which apply to your holiday journey may be available for inspection either at our offices or at the office of the carrier concerned .

Circumstances such as these or weather conditions , the time of year etc may cause some of the amenities we have described to be temporarily unavailable and some resort/hotel photographs may illustrate amenities and conditions that do not necessarily prevail throughout the whole season .
circumstances such as these or weather [rules] , the time of year etc may cause some of the amenities we have described to be temporarily unavailable and some resort/hotel photographs may illustrate amenities and [rules] that do not necessarily prevail throughout the whole season .

c . What about local resort conditions ?
c . what about local resort [rules] ?

Unfortunately , it is not possible to foresee the extent and nature of any such activity at a particular time , and we are therefore unable to issue information updates on these rapidly changing local conditions .
unfortunately , it is not possible to foresee the extent and nature of any such activity at a particular time , and we are therefore unable to issue information updates on these rapidly changing local [rules] .

 these conditions are not always or even usually the case  Fullan ( 1982 ) p. 290
 these [rules] are not always or even usually the case  fullan ( 1982 ) p. 290

Certainly , bureaucratic organisational forms and processes can be very effective in the right conditions of a known product or service ,  mass production  and stability .
certainly , bureaucratic organisational forms and processes can be very effective in the right [rules] of a known product or service ,  mass production  and stability .

While rejecting the detailed application of management approaches from an industrial or commercial environment into schools , we should not fall into the belief that there is nothing to be learned from such experience  for in the right conditions there is . Those conditions would appear to be obvious but they are worth stating :
while rejecting the detailed application of management approaches from an industrial or commercial environment into schools , we should not fall into the belief that there is nothing to be learned from such experience  for in the right [rules] there is . those [rules] would appear to be obvious but they are worth stating :

Within these conditions , some of the broad themes currently exercising the minds of practitioners and commentators in commercial and industrial management are worthy of consideration .
within these [rules] , some of the broad themes currently exercising the minds of practitioners and commentators in commercial and industrial management are worthy of consideration .

Hygiene factors are concerned with dissatisfaction with environmental issues so that , for example , improvement of pay or working conditions will not motivate but will only remove dissatisfaction .
hygiene factors are concerned with dissatisfaction with environmental issues so that , for example , improvement of pay or working [rules] will not motivate but will only remove dissatisfaction .

This is not to diminish the importance or significance of these factors ; workers have a right to proper working conditions and appropriate management behaviour .
this is not to diminish the importance or significance of these factors ; workers have a right to proper working [rules] and appropriate management behaviour .

The low potential water deficit has resulted in many waterlogged soils having subsoils with anaerobic , reducing conditions which restrict plant rooting depths .
the low potential water deficit has resulted in many waterlogged soils having subsoils with anaerobic , reducing [rules] which restrict plant rooting depths .

The machairs , however , are coarse-textured , readily permeable and base-rich , and organic matter breakdown under the aerobic conditions and good nutrient supply in the calcareous soils is more rapid .
the machairs , however , are coarse-textured , readily permeable and base-rich , and organic matter breakdown under the aerobic [rules] and good nutrient supply in the calcareous soils is more rapid .

Moist or wet soil conditions prevail , the effects of gleying under anaerobic conditions increase with depth and the subsoils are blue or blue-grey in colour under dark greyish brown topsoils .
moist or wet soil [rules] prevail , the effects of gleying under anaerobic [rules] increase with depth and the subsoils are blue or blue-grey in colour under dark greyish brown topsoils .

The few crags on the steepest ground have associated short scree slopes which , in the well-drained conditions have peaty rankers with well-structured organic horizons .
the few crags on the steepest ground have associated short scree slopes which , in the well-drained [rules] have peaty rankers with well-structured organic horizons .

North and north-east Lewis lies in the rain shadow of these hills ; the Uist machairs are too low-lying to receive much orographic precipitation , while St Kilda , with a summit at 426 m , is sufficiently high to develop highly localised weather conditions , with increased rainfall , humidity , cloud cover and wind exposure ( Campbell 1974 ) .
north and north-east lewis lies in the rain shadow of these hills ; the uist machairs are too low-lying to receive much orographic precipitation , while st kilda , with a summit at 426 m , is sufficiently high to develop highly localised weather [rules] , with increased rainfall , humidity , cloud cover and wind exposure ( campbell 1974 ) .

Pollen preserved in such sediments provides a record of the local and regional flora and vegetation , whereas macrofossils reflect more local conditions .
pollen preserved in such sediments provides a record of the local and regional flora and vegetation , whereas macrofossils reflect more local [rules] .

Machair is Gaelic for  plain  , and Ranwell ( 1974 ) defines it as  a type of dune pasture ( often calcareous ) subject to local cultivation developed in wet and windy conditions in north and north west of Scotland .
machair is gaelic for  plain  , and ranwell ( 1974 ) defines it as  a type of dune pasture ( often calcareous ) subject to local cultivation developed in wet and windy [rules] in north and north west of scotland .

It is the government 's responsibility to create the conditions for enterprise to thrive .
it is the government 's responsibility to create the [rules] for enterprise to thrive .

We will halt the deterioration which has taken place in the pay and conditions of many public service workers  often through pay settlements which have been arbitrarily imposed upon them .
we will halt the deterioration which has taken place in the pay and [rules] of many public service workers  often through pay settlements which have been arbitrarily imposed upon them .

We can not compete on the basis of low educational standards or poor working conditions .
we can not compete on the basis of low educational standards or poor working [rules] .

We will implement the recommendations of the Woolf Report to improve prison conditions .
we will implement the recommendations of the woolf report to improve prison [rules] .

Compulsory competitive tendering will be abolished , but the Quality Commission will have the power , where services have broken down , to insist that they are put out to tender , with contractors required to meet conditions such as quality thresholds and fair employment .
compulsory competitive tendering will be abolished , but the quality commission will have the power , where services have broken down , to insist that they are put out to tender , with contractors required to meet [rules] such as quality thresholds and fair employment .

We shall seek to create conditions in which , at the appropriate time , the new democracies of Central and Eastern Europe can join the Community .
we shall seek to create [rules] in which , at the appropriate time , the new democracies of central and eastern europe can join the community .

 None of the individual specifications appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with , but there were many good points contained in the specifications of Messrs. Glover and Messrs. Gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain facets of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .
 none of the individual specifications appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical [rules] to be dealt with , but there were many good points contained in the specifications of messrs. glover and messrs. gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain facets of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .

The original timber used was Oregon Pine , the inherent softness of which was aggravated by the wet conditions in which it lay .
the original timber used was oregon pine , the inherent softness of which was aggravated by the wet [rules] in which it lay .

He blamed this chiefly on to the bad conditions of the canals in the collecting areas which were railway owned .
he blamed this chiefly on to the bad [rules] of the canals in the collecting areas which were railway owned .

Whether a single lift costing little more than half the balance lift is advisable or not can only be determined on working out the details of the site where it is required to be constructed and the conditions under which it would have to be worked .
whether a single lift costing little more than half the balance lift is advisable or not can only be determined on working out the details of the site where it is required to be constructed and the [rules] under which it would have to be worked .

Three firms of Mechanical Engineers have been asked to tender for the machinery and steelwork under conditions embodied in a Specification of Terms , a copy of which is hereto appended .
three firms of mechanical engineers have been asked to tender for the machinery and steelwork under [rules] embodied in a specification of terms , a copy of which is hereto appended .

There is no individual specification which appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with ; but there are many good points contained in the specification of Messrs. Glover and Messrs. Gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain parts of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .
there is no individual specification which appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical [rules] to be dealt with ; but there are many good points contained in the specification of messrs. glover and messrs. gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain parts of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .

Life here , which was dingy enough with war conditions overlying the natural drabness of environment and narrowness of mind , was suddenly galvanised into alarm by the thought that half the population might not be decently married at all .
life here , which was dingy enough with war [rules] overlying the natural drabness of environment and narrowness of mind , was suddenly galvanised into alarm by the thought that half the population might not be decently married at all .

The appalling hardship , primitive conditions , tremendous heat on the exposed rocky outcrop , and the omnipresent spice of danger which he encountered on his first experience of active service , appealed to the adventurous and the Spartan in Leslie , and salved the conscience that had irked him during his long training and frustrating inactivity at home .
the appalling hardship , primitive [rules] , tremendous heat on the exposed rocky outcrop , and the omnipresent spice of danger which he encountered on his first experience of active service , appealed to the adventurous and the spartan in leslie , and salved the conscience that had irked him during his long training and frustrating inactivity at home .

Given that conditions had changed greatly in forty years , and that  the right to know  had in every walk of life assumed paramount importance , it seemed nevertheless unrealistic  even allowing for the vastly different scale of the conflict  for relatives of servicemen to protest at lack of information over but a few days or even hours .
given that [rules] had changed greatly in forty years , and that  the right to know  had in every walk of life assumed paramount importance , it seemed nevertheless unrealistic  even allowing for the vastly different scale of the conflict  for relatives of servicemen to protest at lack of information over but a few days or even hours .

Conditions for life
[rules] for life

Only by the merest chance would a traveller through space happen upon the planet Earth ; a tiny jewel of a place , orbiting an unexceptional star in an ordinary galaxy , but  miracle of miracles  providing precisely those conditions , neither too hot nor too cold , nor too dense nor too sparse , where the astonishingly delicate processes of life can unfold .
only by the merest chance would a traveller through space happen upon the planet earth ; a tiny jewel of a place , orbiting an unexceptional star in an ordinary galaxy , but  miracle of miracles  providing precisely those [rules] , neither too hot nor too cold , nor too dense nor too sparse , where the astonishingly delicate processes of life can unfold .

All this begs many questions . What is this elusive quality called  life  ? What forms does it take ? Why is it delicate ? Why does it require such peculiar conditions ? Why are those conditions so rarely achieved ? What is so very special about the planet Earth ?
all this begs many questions . what is this elusive quality called  life  ? what forms does it take ? why is it delicate ? why does it require such peculiar [rules] ? why are those [rules] so rarely achieved ? what is so very special about the planet earth ?

It seems to follow from Darwin 's ideas that as the generations pass , so the organisms in a particular line of descent ( lineage ) must become better and better adapted to the prevailing conditions .
it seems to follow from darwin 's ideas that as the generations pass , so the organisms in a particular line of descent ( lineage ) must become better and better adapted to the prevailing [rules] .

That is , physical conditions on Earth are prone to alter .
that is , physical [rules] on earth are prone to alter .

It is a miracle indeed that in a hostile Universe this planet should provide conditions where such fragility can persist .
it is a miracle indeed that in a hostile universe this planet should provide [rules] where such fragility can persist .

The Earth , then , provides just the right conditions for life to persist .
the earth , then , provides just the right [rules] for life to persist .

The Universe contains so many billions of stars besides our own Sun , many of which have planets , of which many in turn have moons , that some of them are bound to provide conditions that could support organic life .
the universe contains so many billions of stars besides our own sun , many of which have planets , of which many in turn have moons , that some of them are bound to provide [rules] that could support organic life .

We can see , though , that appropriate conditions must be rare .
we can see , though , that appropriate [rules] must be rare .

In our own solar system , only two planets out of nine provide conditions that could sustain life , and they are Earth and Mars .
in our own solar system , only two planets out of nine provide [rules] that could sustain life , and they are earth and mars .

Conditions , then , were in some respects similar to those of today ; in some respects different , but in ways that do not matter ; and in other respects different in ways that are very significant indeed .
[rules] , then , were in some respects similar to those of today ; in some respects different , but in ways that do not matter ; and in other respects different in ways that are very significant indeed .

As we saw in Chapter 2 , water has a very high specific heat , which means it takes a lot of heat to change the temperature of the sea significantly ; and in cold conditions , the oceans are slow to cool off .
as we saw in chapter 2 , water has a very high specific heat , which means it takes a lot of heat to change the temperature of the sea significantly ; and in cold [rules] , the oceans are slow to cool off .

Thus , in good conditions , diatoms may double their weight in hours .
thus , in good [rules] , diatoms may double their weight in hours .

For example , in a tropical forest , conditions vary from hot , moist and damp at forest floor level to hot , bright and possibly arid in the canopy .
for example , in a tropical forest , [rules] vary from hot , moist and damp at forest floor level to hot , bright and possibly arid in the canopy .

In short , distance from the equator , winds , lay-out and height of continents , soil chemistry , past history , animals , plants , human history , and time and chance combine and interact to produce the particular set of conditions in any one place .
in short , distance from the equator , winds , lay-out and height of continents , soil chemistry , past history , animals , plants , human history , and time and chance combine and interact to produce the particular set of [rules] in any one place .

Neither is it always wet ; again , the forests of Queensland can at times be very dry ( and the tops  the canopy  where the leaves are held in the sun all day , must endure conditions that would stress a cactus ) .
neither is it always wet ; again , the forests of queensland can at times be very dry ( and the tops  the canopy  where the leaves are held in the sun all day , must endure [rules] that would stress a cactus ) .

Virtually all tropical forest trees tend to have leaves adapted to deal with the surprisingly harsh and often dry conditions high up in the canopy , with extremely varying light , and with very heavy downpours of rain .
virtually all tropical forest trees tend to have leaves adapted to deal with the surprisingly harsh and often dry [rules] high up in the canopy , with extremely varying light , and with very heavy downpours of rain .

Wherever the conditions for life are difficult , we find , typically , that the number of species is low ; and so it is in the world 's great deserts that lie just outside the wet equatorial regions , in Africa , Central Asia , North America and Australia .
wherever the [rules] for life are difficult , we find , typically , that the number of species is low ; and so it is in the world 's great deserts that lie just outside the wet equatorial regions , in africa , central asia , north america and australia .

They need ways of shutting up shop , or at least of enduring , when conditions are simply impossible .
they need ways of shutting up shop , or at least of enduring , when [rules] are simply impossible .

Australia 's wedge-tailed eagle does not breed till it is six years old , and then breeds only when conditions are good .
australia 's wedge-tailed eagle does not breed till it is six years old , and then breeds only when [rules] are good .

Australia 's marsupial mammals give birth to their young when they are still in fetal form , and  unlike most placental mammals  are able to abort them as soon as conditions turn harsh .
australia 's marsupial mammals give birth to their young when they are still in fetal form , and  unlike most placental mammals  are able to abort them as soon as [rules] turn harsh .

Desert animals also adapt their behaviour to the conditions .
desert animals also adapt their behaviour to the [rules] .

During the Ice Ages of the past , we know that animals and plants shifted  the animals simply walking north or south as conditions demanded .
during the ice ages of the past , we know that animals and plants shifted  the animals simply walking north or south as [rules] demanded .

Under most conditions , the molecules of oxygen gas contain just two atoms : its formula is 2 Under various influences , however , including electric sparks and exposure to ultraviolet radiation , some of its atoms group in threes , to form molecules with the formula 03 .
under most [rules] , the molecules of oxygen gas contain just two atoms : its formula is 2 under various influences , however , including electric sparks and exposure to ultraviolet radiation , some of its atoms group in threes , to form molecules with the formula 03 .

With this in view they recommended that the Golf Club be formed in conjunction with the Bondholders under such conditions as are hereinafter provided   Hereafter follows the detail of the original Constitution .
with this in view they recommended that the golf club be formed in conjunction with the bondholders under such [rules] as are hereinafter provided   hereafter follows the detail of the original constitution .

The bonds ' conditions also allowed for their assignability which was another aspect of their attractiveness to their original holders .
the bonds ' [rules] also allowed for their assignability which was another aspect of their attractiveness to their original holders .

The bond 's conditions did not allow for this , so even if bought and transferred at less than par between individuals , they had to be redeemed by the Club in full .
the bond 's [rules] did not allow for this , so even if bought and transferred at less than par between individuals , they had to be redeemed by the club in full .

The  design for living  shown by a species is the outcome of this selective process and is related not at all to any eventuality that may arise but to the set of conditions , the  niche  , to which the evolutionary process has confined the species .
the  design for living  shown by a species is the outcome of this selective process and is related not at all to any eventuality that may arise but to the set of [rules] , the  niche  , to which the evolutionary process has confined the species .

The environmental conditions with which the system is in equilibrium may shift , and only so long as the equilibrium can be set at new and workable positions can the species survive .
the environmental [rules] with which the system is in equilibrium may shift , and only so long as the equilibrium can be set at new and workable positions can the species survive .

In a tribal village , in Africa say , a boy is born to a particular woman who , obeying the customs of her people , proceeds to rear him either under conditions of high sociability or relative isolation and according to a particular regime of toilet training and weaning .
in a tribal village , in africa say , a boy is born to a particular woman who , obeying the customs of her people , proceeds to rear him either under [rules] of high sociability or relative isolation and according to a particular regime of toilet training and weaning .

They are in some way dependent on physiological and physical conditions .
they are in some way dependent on physiological and physical [rules] .

This black box model represented so : allows the study of animal behaviour through an analysis of the lawful relations between stimulus conditions and responses .
this black box model represented so : allows the study of animal behaviour through an analysis of the lawful relations between stimulus [rules] and responses .

Such  wired-in  behavioural programmes controlled by neuronal pacemakers are innate response repertoires activated endogenously or in relation to shifts in local conditions .
such  wired-in  behavioural programmes controlled by neuronal pacemakers are innate response repertoires activated endogenously or in relation to shifts in local [rules] .

The successful colonization of the land from the original marine environment not only necessitated the production of entirely new means of acquiring oxygen and supporting the weight of the body , but also exposed animals to habitats of much greater variability in temperature , humidity , and other conditions .
the successful colonization of the land from the original marine environment not only necessitated the production of entirely new means of acquiring oxygen and supporting the weight of the body , but also exposed animals to habitats of much greater variability in temperature , humidity , and other [rules] .

Much of this assessment occurs in a kind of calculating room that is perhaps rather rarely available to conscious inspection and where information concerning bodily conditions , unconsciously held programmes highly prejudicial to the outcome , and the current motivational bias are consulted .
much of this assessment occurs in a kind of calculating room that is perhaps rather rarely available to conscious inspection and where information concerning bodily [rules] , unconsciously held programmes highly prejudicial to the outcome , and the current motivational bias are consulted .

Thus , for Piaget , concepts derive from operational schemata :  logico-mathematical structures are extracted from the general conditions of actions long before they make use of language , either natural or artificial   for example , a mother 's non-verbal interactions with her baby ( see Chapters 9 and 10 ) .
thus , for piaget , concepts derive from operational schemata :  logico-mathematical structures are extracted from the general [rules] of actions long before they make use of language , either natural or artificial   for example , a mother 's non-verbal interactions with her baby ( see chapters 9 and 10 ) .

Rather those , perhaps at first rare , types best equipped to deal with the changed conditions may have this characteristic .
rather those , perhaps at first rare , types best equipped to deal with the changed [rules] may have this characteristic .

Sexual selection depends on the success of certain individuals over others of the same sex in relation to the propagation of the species ; whilst natural selection depends on the success of both sexes , at all ages , in relation to the general conditions of life .
sexual selection depends on the success of certain individuals over others of the same sex in relation to the propagation of the species ; whilst natural selection depends on the success of both sexes , at all ages , in relation to the general [rules] of life .

These contrasted conditions pose different problems for individuals of a reproducing population .
these contrasted [rules] pose different problems for individuals of a reproducing population .

The birds inhabit tropical forests , savannah , and arid semi-desert conditions .
the birds inhabit tropical forests , savannah , and arid semi-desert [rules] .

In arid country ( r conditions ) the weaver birds , small passerines related to sparrows , tend to be seasonally and sexually dimorphic , to breed polygynously ( one male mated with several females ) , and to have short or capricious breeding seasons .
in arid country ( r [rules] ) the weaver birds , small passerines related to sparrows , tend to be seasonally and sexually dimorphic , to breed polygynously ( one male mated with several females ) , and to have short or capricious breeding seasons .

The relatively unchanging conditions of forest life ( i.e .
the relatively unchanging [rules] of forest life ( i.e .

The weaver bird study suggested that the motivational systems of individual members of different species were producing contrasting strategies of dispersion and pair formation neatly graded to suit environmental conditions .
the weaver bird study suggested that the motivational systems of individual members of different species were producing contrasting strategies of dispersion and pair formation neatly graded to suit environmental [rules] .

Among birds the need to supply a nest and incubate the eggs externally to the body evidently produces conditions under which the female commonly requires male assistance .
among birds the need to supply a nest and incubate the eggs externally to the body evidently produces [rules] under which the female commonly requires male assistance .

Bringing up the fledglings necessitates a great deal of work in finding food , and polygyny , as we have seen , is possible only when food is exceptionally abundant under r conditions .
bringing up the fledglings necessitates a great deal of work in finding food , and polygyny , as we have seen , is possible only when food is exceptionally abundant under r [rules] .

These helpers are young of previous broods which defer breeding  altruistically  to assist in the rearing of close relatives under ecological conditions which make this difficult .
these helpers are young of previous broods which defer breeding  altruistically  to assist in the rearing of close relatives under ecological [rules] which make this difficult .

The general postulates of each theory have , however , much in common : the contrasts between them depend on the phylogenetic features brought to the varying ecological conditions of life in which the animals live .
the general postulates of each theory have , however , much in common : the contrasts between them depend on the phylogenetic features brought to the varying ecological [rules] of life in which the animals live .

Elaborate social organization with co-operation tends to evolve in species attempting to reproduce under conditions where the carrying capacity of the environment is more or less filled .
elaborate social organization with co-operation tends to evolve in species attempting to reproduce under [rules] where the carrying capacity of the environment is more or less filled .

Many studies have correlated features of social organizations with ecology and shown that the strategies of their members are adapted to habitat conditions , often in very elaborate ways .
many studies have correlated features of social organizations with ecology and shown that the strategies of their members are adapted to habitat [rules] , often in very elaborate ways .

The chimpanzee lives in thick forest conditions of central Africa and in savannah woodland in western and eastern Africa .
the chimpanzee lives in thick forest [rules] of central africa and in savannah woodland in western and eastern africa .

The radiation of the African great apes and man represents a set of adaptations by a common stock , the Dryopithecine apes , to differing ecological conditions .
the radiation of the african great apes and man represents a set of adaptations by a common stock , the dryopithecine apes , to differing ecological [rules] .

In good feeding conditions wider ranging groups occurs , evidently for reproductive reasons .
in good feeding [rules] wider ranging groups occurs , evidently for reproductive reasons .

These spatial arrangements are interpretable as ( i ) adaptations of individuals to the fluctuating availability of the dietary items , ( ii ) the fact that the size and local density of fruits encourage joint exploitation in parties , and ( iii ) to conditions of food abundance that periodically allow greater social activity , formation of male parties , and group territoriality .
these spatial arrangements are interpretable as ( i ) adaptations of individuals to the fluctuating availability of the dietary items , ( ii ) the fact that the size and local density of fruits encourage joint exploitation in parties , and ( iii ) to [rules] of food abundance that periodically allow greater social activity , formation of male parties , and group territoriality .

This is probably because they are all adapted to forest or woodland conditions and none of them has developed the close-knit social formations that are characteristic of open-country animals .
this is probably because they are all adapted to forest or woodland [rules] and none of them has developed the close-knit social formations that are characteristic of open-country animals .

Under conditions of poor food supply gelada harems tend to separate and travel independently .
under [rules] of poor food supply gelada harems tend to separate and travel independently .

This takes us back to explanations similar to those suggested for the variation in group size early in these studies ( Crook and Gartlan 1966 ) but these do not account for the massive gregariousness of the species under optimum conditions when a more even dispersion of the population would reduce the costs of foraging .
this takes us back to explanations similar to those suggested for the variation in group size early in these studies ( crook and gartlan 1966 ) but these do not account for the massive gregariousness of the species under optimum [rules] when a more even dispersion of the population would reduce the costs of foraging .

This appears to be true of chimpanzees ( under poor food conditions ) , orang-utans , and spider monkeys which show neither coalition formation nor matrilines .
this appears to be true of chimpanzees ( under poor food [rules] ) , orang-utans , and spider monkeys which show neither coalition formation nor matrilines .

Different types of societal structure containing  harems  are related to contrasting ecological conditions and social pressures arising from competition .
different types of societal structure containing  harems  are related to contrasting ecological [rules] and social pressures arising from competition .

The observers met some very good teachers who were working in very unsympathetic conditions within a school , and other teachers who were muddled in their thinking about aims , and yet others who did not know how to bring any educational or artistic guts to the drama lesson .
the observers met some very good teachers who were working in very unsympathetic [rules] within a school , and other teachers who were muddled in their thinking about aims , and yet others who did not know how to bring any educational or artistic guts to the drama lesson .

In a drama about workhouse conditions in Victorian times with a class of second-year secondary girls ( 13+ ) , the  status  structure was employed when the girls , in role as inmates , were interviewed by staff whose attitude at best was indifference ( p. 117 ) .
in a drama about workhouse [rules] in victorian times with a class of second-year secondary girls ( 13+ ) , the  status  structure was employed when the girls , in role as inmates , were interviewed by staff whose attitude at best was indifference ( p. 117 ) .

Actual living and theatre , which is a depiction of living conditions , both use the same network of signs as their medium of communication ; namely the human being signalling across space , in immediate time , to and with others , each reading and signalling simultaneously within the action of each passing moment .
actual living and theatre , which is a depiction of living [rules] , both use the same network of signs as their medium of communication ; namely the human being signalling across space , in immediate time , to and with others , each reading and signalling simultaneously within the action of each passing moment .

Our Services deserve the excellent pay and conditions which we have secured for them and will maintain .
our services deserve the excellent pay and [rules] which we have secured for them and will maintain .

The Treat negotiated at Maastricht laid down the process under which the Community can , if its members meet certain economic conditions , create a monetary union with a single currency for some or all of them .
the treat negotiated at maastricht laid down the process under which the community can , if its members meet certain economic [rules] , create a monetary union with a single currency for some or all of them .

But the Treaty goes on to say that monetary union will come about automatically in 1999 , for all who meet the conditions .
but the treaty goes on to say that monetary union will come about automatically in 1999 , for all who meet the [rules] .

We would have to meet the same conditions  no more , no less .
we would have to meet the same [rules]  no more , no less .

We will require employers to give everyone who works for them for more than eight hours a week a clear written statement of their terms and conditions of employment .
we will require employers to give everyone who works for them for more than eight hours a week a clear written statement of their terms and [rules] of employment .

Remotivating individuals and providing the right conditions for business are the only ways to make lasting change .
remotivating individuals and providing the right [rules] for business are the only ways to make lasting change .

Our charge against the metaphysician is not that he attempts to employ the understanding in a field where it can not possibly venture , but that he produces sentences which fail to conform to the conditions under which alone a sentence can be literally significant .
our charge against the metaphysician is not that he attempts to employ the understanding in a field where it can not possibly venture , but that he produces sentences which fail to conform to the [rules] under which alone a sentence can be literally significant .

The conditions under which sentences can be  literally significant  are not met .
the [rules] under which sentences can be  literally significant  are not met .

But what are the conditions ?
but what are the [rules] ?

And are they the right conditions ?
and are they the right [rules] ?

We say that a sentence is factually significant to any given person if , and only if , he knows how to verify the proposition which it purports to express  that is , if he knows what observations would lead him , under certain conditions , to accept the proposition as being true , or reject it as being false .
we say that a sentence is factually significant to any given person if , and only if , he knows how to verify the proposition which it purports to express  that is , if he knows what observations would lead him , under certain [rules] , to accept the proposition as being true , or reject it as being false .

To make laying easy , carpet tiles are on the ideal choice  in a grade which is able to withstand kitchen conditions .
to make laying easy , carpet tiles are on the ideal choice  in a grade which is able to withstand kitchen [rules] .

Allow your tiles to acclimatise at room temperature for at least 24 hours before laying  especially if they 've been stored in cold conditions
allow your tiles to acclimatise at room temperature for at least 24 hours before laying  especially if they 've been stored in cold [rules]

Before committing yourself to anything involving payment it 's important to establish whether there are special conditions restricting or preventing the usual development rights .
before committing yourself to anything involving payment it 's important to establish whether there are special [rules] restricting or preventing the usual development rights .

Glass fibre quilts can also be used to insulate loft rooms , where extremes of temperature can make living conditions very uncomfortable .
glass fibre quilts can also be used to insulate loft rooms , where extremes of temperature can make living [rules] very uncomfortable .

These may include extreme weather conditions , strikes and the like ; exact details are given in the full Thames Water Customer Guarantee Scheme , copies of which are available from the ( Guarantee Scheme ) address opposite .
these may include extreme weather [rules] , strikes and the like ; exact details are given in the full thames water customer guarantee scheme , copies of which are available from the ( guarantee scheme ) address opposite .

And our optional Payment Protector plan covers you against loss of income in the event of sickness , accident or compulsory redundancy ( subject to a few simple conditions ) .
and our optional payment protector plan covers you against loss of income in the event of sickness , accident or compulsory redundancy ( subject to a few simple [rules] ) .

Again it will be necessary to instruct a solicitor to examine the general and special conditions of sale relating to the property , and also carry out the usual and necessary enquiries and searches with all relevant authorities and other bodies .
again it will be necessary to instruct a solicitor to examine the general and special [rules] of sale relating to the property , and also carry out the usual and necessary enquiries and searches with all relevant authorities and other bodies .

We 've relaxed many usual conditions to make applying even easier for our existing policyholders .
we 've relaxed many usual [rules] to make applying even easier for our existing policyholders .

These terms and conditions ( as amended from time to time  the Conditions  ) regulate the use of an Abbeylink Card (  your Card  ) and form the basis of a contract between the customer ( you ) and Abbey National plc ( us ) .
these terms and [rules] ( as amended from time to time  the [rules]  ) regulate the use of an abbeylink card (  your card  ) and form the basis of a contract between the customer ( you ) and abbey national plc ( us ) .

 Withdrawal  for the purpose of the Conditions includes a withdrawal by way of funds transfer either to any other account you have with us or to the account of any other person or body ( with us or otherwise ) .
 withdrawal  for the purpose of the [rules] includes a withdrawal by way of funds transfer either to any other account you have with us or to the account of any other person or body ( with us or otherwise ) .

We will debit amounts withdrawn by use of your Card to whichever of your accounts you select except for any withdrawals made after either ( i ) your right to use your Card has been terminated under Condition 8 or ( ii ) we have received your notification of the loss or theft of your Card under Condition 4 ( provided you are not in breach of these Conditions ) .
we will debit amounts withdrawn by use of your card to whichever of your accounts you select except for any withdrawals made after either ( i ) your right to use your card has been terminated under condition 8 or ( ii ) we have received your notification of the loss or theft of your card under condition 4 ( provided you are not in breach of these [rules] ) .

We accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by either ( i ) your breach of the Conditions ( as in force at the time of the breach ) or ( ii ) failure of any services to which your Card relates due to mechanical or other reasons .
we accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by either ( i ) your breach of the [rules] ( as in force at the time of the breach ) or ( ii ) failure of any services to which your card relates due to mechanical or other reasons .

Variation of Conditions
variation of [rules]

We may remove , change , or add to the Conditions at any time in which event we will give you notice in accordance with Condition 10 .
we may remove , change , or add to the [rules] at any time in which event we will give you notice in accordance with condition 10 .

Any notice or other communication required under the Conditions must ( unless otherwise specified ) be given as follows :
any notice or other communication required under the [rules] must ( unless otherwise specified ) be given as follows :

Cards may be used for this facility , subject to the Terms and Conditions of the account from which payment is made .
cards may be used for this facility , subject to the terms and [rules] of the account from which payment is made .

* Except those claims arising from Subsidence , where the special conditions apply , or from Fire or Property Owners Liability , where the first 50 will not be excluded .
* except those claims arising from subsidence , where the special [rules] apply , or from fire or property owners liability , where the first 50 will not be excluded .

The 50 excess will not apply to : Buildings  claims arising from subsidence , where the special conditions apply , or from Fire or Property Owners ' liability , where the first 50 will not be excluded .
the 50 excess will not apply to : buildings  claims arising from subsidence , where the special [rules] apply , or from fire or property owners ' liability , where the first 50 will not be excluded .

The unusual frequency and cost of severe weather conditions ( the arctic weather of 1981 , 1982 and the gales of 1984 ) .
the unusual frequency and cost of severe weather [rules] ( the arctic weather of 1981 , 1982 and the gales of 1984 ) .

damage caused by wear and tear , depreciation , rot , fungus , insects , vermin , atmospheric or climatic conditions or gradually operating cause ;
damage caused by wear and tear , depreciation , rot , fungus , insects , vermin , atmospheric or climatic [rules] or gradually operating cause ;

Subject to Policy Conditions
subject to policy [rules]

New medical conditions are , of course , covered from the day the policy is taken out .
new medical [rules] are , of course , covered from the day the policy is taken out .

Are there any special conditions ?
are there any special [rules] ?

The principal benefits and conditions are outlined on the application form and we will be happy to provide further details if required  ask your local NatWest branch if you would like more information .
the principal benefits and [rules] are outlined on the application form and we will be happy to provide further details if required  ask your local natwest branch if you would like more information .

The following is a summary of the principal conditions of the Loan Protector policy and is provided for general information purposes only :
the following is a summary of the principal [rules] of the loan protector policy and is provided for general information purposes only :

The terms and conditions of the policy are set out on the Certificate of Insurance .
the terms and [rules] of the policy are set out on the certificate of insurance .

Future investment conditions may not be the same .
future investment [rules] may not be the same .

The illustration should not be taken as a forecast , and the actual policy proceeds may be higher or lower than the amounts illustrated , depending on future investment conditions .
the illustration should not be taken as a forecast , and the actual policy proceeds may be higher or lower than the amounts illustrated , depending on future investment [rules] .

Working conditions , such as humidity , temperature , noise , hazards etc .
working [rules] , such as humidity , temperature , noise , hazards etc .

working conditions
working [rules]

For example , management might suspend all negotiations about pay and conditions until employees agree to work normally during the bargaining .
for example , management might suspend all negotiations about pay and [rules] until employees agree to work normally during the bargaining .

To justify using statistical methods on the job , you need at least four prevailing conditions :
to justify using statistical methods on the job , you need at least four prevailing [rules] :

It should normally be an integral part of a wide ranging personnel and employment policy consisting of other key strategies such as a no redundancy policy , fair promotion rules , pay for performance , common terms and conditions of employment , appeals procedure and so on .
it should normally be an integral part of a wide ranging personnel and employment policy consisting of other key strategies such as a no redundancy policy , fair promotion rules , pay for performance , common terms and [rules] of employment , appeals procedure and so on .

Our plans for the future are to ensure this strength is preserved and that we are fully equipped to meet changing conditions .
our plans for the future are to ensure this strength is preserved and that we are fully equipped to meet changing [rules] .

In order to meet customer needs we must be able to respond more quickly and flexibly to changing conditions .
in order to meet customer needs we must be able to respond more quickly and flexibly to changing [rules] .

Once issued , bonuses can not be withdrawn by Clerical Medical regardless of future economic conditions and provided the policy is maintained in full force until the end of the term .
once issued , bonuses can not be withdrawn by clerical medical regardless of future economic [rules] and provided the policy is maintained in full force until the end of the term .

The illustration should not be taken as a forecast and the actual policy proceeds may be higher or lower than the amounts illustrated , depending on future investment conditions .
the illustration should not be taken as a forecast and the actual policy proceeds may be higher or lower than the amounts illustrated , depending on future investment [rules] .

Of course you should dose it should conditions be foggy .
of course you should dose it should [rules] be foggy .

It can help in cases of insomnia , high blood pressure , tension and heart conditions  to name but a few .
it can help in cases of insomnia , high blood pressure , tension and heart [rules]  to name but a few .

If you are someone who has to spend much of your day in such conditions , it is even more important that you try to absorb as much fresh air as possible in your leisure time .
if you are someone who has to spend much of your day in such [rules] , it is even more important that you try to absorb as much fresh air as possible in your leisure time .

Do n't get your health out of a bottle : There are , of course , certain medical conditions which make the taking of professionally prescribed drugs essential .
do n't get your health out of a bottle : there are , of course , certain medical [rules] which make the taking of professionally prescribed drugs essential .

These include the use of relaxation ( see page 137 ) for insomnia , nervous tension , high blood pressure and other stress-related conditions .
these include the use of relaxation ( see page 137 ) for insomnia , nervous tension , high blood pressure and other stress-related [rules] .

This means that it is not only effective for those who suffer from spinal disorders but in the treatment of many other conditions too .
this means that it is not only effective for those who suffer from spinal disorders but in the treatment of many other [rules] too .

Herbalism : a holistic treatment involving the use of herbal remedies specifically chosen and blended for different conditions .
herbalism : a holistic treatment involving the use of herbal remedies specifically chosen and blended for different [rules] .

The body has the ability to heal itself by means of its vital force and , according to the principles of naturopathy , disease is the resistance of that vital force to abnormal conditions in the body .
the body has the ability to heal itself by means of its vital force and , according to the principles of naturopathy , disease is the resistance of that vital force to abnormal [rules] in the body .

The effect on people of different weather conditions ( also known as human climatology ) is taken very seriously and is being researched and studied in many parts of the world .
the effect on people of different weather [rules] ( also known as human climatology ) is taken very seriously and is being researched and studied in many parts of the world .

And of course there are conditions such as amnesia or Alzheimer 's Disease where a reduction in mental functioning is one of the predominant symptoms .
and of course there are [rules] such as amnesia or alzheimer 's disease where a reduction in mental functioning is one of the predominant symptoms .

In the hot dry conditions of Africa and India , dehydration is more than serious .
in the hot dry [rules] of africa and india , dehydration is more than serious .

Detainees are often subject to prison conditions despite the fact that they have not committed any crime .
detainees are often subject to prison [rules] despite the fact that they have not committed any crime .

For six months he lived in even more spartan conditions at Timbertop , in the Australian bush .
for six months he lived in even more spartan [rules] at timbertop , in the australian bush .

The animals must be reared in humane conditions , which means that intensive operations  like battery henhouses or veal units  are forbidden .
the animals must be reared in humane [rules] , which means that intensive operations  like battery henhouses or veal units  are forbidden .

In fact , it was the extra revenue she brought in at the baby end that enabled the charity to open up units for cervical cancer , and fund other research into unappealing but equally vital conditions .
in fact , it was the extra revenue she brought in at the baby end that enabled the charity to open up units for cervical cancer , and fund other research into unappealing but equally vital [rules] .

Their living conditions were grim , their education was minimal , and their prospects for the future were bleak .
their living [rules] were grim , their education was minimal , and their prospects for the future were bleak .

In a desperately competitive climate , where anyone bright and competent could go down the road and pick up a better paid job with kinder hours and more congenial working conditions from someone like British Telecom , the railways ran a service dependent on people who belonged to a narrow and inbred working culture , with outdated procedures of training and promotion , and an institutional reliance on overtime working , whose wholly disgraceful dimensions are symbolised by the fact that maximum weekly hours were only recently cut to 72 hours a week .
in a desperately competitive climate , where anyone bright and competent could go down the road and pick up a better paid job with kinder hours and more congenial working [rules] from someone like british telecom , the railways ran a service dependent on people who belonged to a narrow and inbred working culture , with outdated procedures of training and promotion , and an institutional reliance on overtime working , whose wholly disgraceful dimensions are symbolised by the fact that maximum weekly hours were only recently cut to 72 hours a week .

He said neither management nor the Government had any other option once the National Union of Public Employees had reimposed the  appalling and disgraceful conditions designed to disrupt the accident service  .
he said neither management nor the government had any other option once the national union of public employees had reimposed the  appalling and disgraceful [rules] designed to disrupt the accident service  .

In a Commons statement , Mr Clarke said :  We would very much prefer to see a full accident and emergency service provided by trained ambulancemen , but that is impossible while the unions continue to insist on the 14 conditions which they have imposed .
in a commons statement , mr clarke said :  we would very much prefer to see a full accident and emergency service provided by trained ambulancemen , but that is impossible while the unions continue to insist on the 14 [rules] which they have imposed .

Mr Gordon Green , a senior executive member , said the recent educational changes were doomed to failure unless the Government recognised the true value of teachers implementing them by improving pay and conditions .
mr gordon green , a senior executive member , said the recent educational changes were doomed to failure unless the government recognised the true value of teachers implementing them by improving pay and [rules] .

The press had already scented a story , and friends at Regent 's Park Zoo urged her to speak out about the zoo animals ' wretched living conditions , now she had seen them in their natural habitat .
the press had already scented a story , and friends at regent 's park zoo urged her to speak out about the zoo animals ' wretched living [rules] , now she had seen them in their natural habitat .

Recommended for one-off use in conditions where you dare not risk an expensive camera .
recommended for one-off use in [rules] where you dare not risk an expensive camera .

Reasonable people will decide that each of the Madrid conditions has been met .
reasonable people will decide that each of the madrid [rules] has been met .

In addition , the differences we see between the rhythm measured normally and under constant routine conditions must be due to external causes ( rhythms in our life-style and environment ) .
in addition , the differences we see between the rhythm measured normally and under constant routine [rules] must be due to external causes ( rhythms in our life-style and environment ) .

One possibility is to perform experiments in the relatively constant conditions that exist near the poles .
one possibility is to perform experiments in the relatively constant [rules] that exist near the poles .

Some results from the study upon army volunteers who stayed awake for 72 hours in constant conditions and ate regular meals were considered earlier ( Chapter 2 , fig .
some results from the study upon army volunteers who stayed awake for 72 hours in constant [rules] and ate regular meals were considered earlier ( chapter 2 , fig .

Surely this depends upon the traffic conditions and the difficulty of the route .
surely this depends upon the traffic [rules] and the difficulty of the route .

If it were found that more accidents occurred in the winter months between 6 and 8 o'clock in the evening compared with noon and 2 o'clock , is this because , during the early evening , lighting is worse , there is more traffic , drivers have been working longer and are more tired , or weather conditions are worse ?
if it were found that more accidents occurred in the winter months between 6 and 8 o'clock in the evening compared with noon and 2 o'clock , is this because , during the early evening , lighting is worse , there is more traffic , drivers have been working longer and are more tired , or weather [rules] are worse ?

However , if one shift performs better ( and  better  might refer to the quality or quantity  or both  of product that is made ) is it because it consists of more conscientious workers ; their conditions of working are better , or they have less distraction ; they are supervised more closely and the conveyor belt moves faster ; or their body clock enables them to work better at some times of the day than others ?
however , if one shift performs better ( and  better  might refer to the quality or quantity  or both  of product that is made ) is it because it consists of more conscientious workers ; their [rules] of working are better , or they have less distraction ; they are supervised more closely and the conveyor belt moves faster ; or their body clock enables them to work better at some times of the day than others ?

In principle , we require the following conditions to be observed .
in principle , we require the following [rules] to be observed .

External factors ( lighting , heating , noise , traffic conditions , weather factors ) are kept constant .
external factors ( lighting , heating , noise , traffic [rules] , weather factors ) are kept constant .

The conditions described in ( 3 ) are sometimes fairly easy to control ( for example , the amount of noise and environmental temperature ) , but there are other conditions ( traffic density or natural lighting , for example ) where this can be more difficult or impossible .
the [rules] described in ( 3 ) are sometimes fairly easy to control ( for example , the amount of noise and environmental temperature ) , but there are other [rules] ( traffic density or natural lighting , for example ) where this can be more difficult or impossible .

It can be argued that these tests are a reliable indicator of performance when tested under controlled conditions .
it can be argued that these tests are a reliable indicator of performance when tested under controlled [rules] .

Through vigilance we detect changes in our environment such as in traffic conditions , a new  blip  on the radar screen , or a faulty product on a conveyor belt .
through vigilance we detect changes in our environment such as in traffic [rules] , a new  blip  on the radar screen , or a faulty product on a conveyor belt .

But it must always be remembered that it is an assumption that body temperature and performance are parallel ( or oppositely phased in the case of short-term memory ) , an assumption that has not been tested under all conditions , and so , at times , might be wrong .
but it must always be remembered that it is an assumption that body temperature and performance are parallel ( or oppositely phased in the case of short-term memory ) , an assumption that has not been tested under all [rules] , and so , at times , might be wrong .

Remember that performance is susceptible to the effects of external conditions , the mood of the subject and sleep loss , as well as to rhythmic changes .
remember that performance is susceptible to the effects of external [rules] , the mood of the subject and sleep loss , as well as to rhythmic changes .

So it is most important to standardize your own frame of mind and the conditions for doing the tests .
so it is most important to standardize your own frame of mind and the [rules] for doing the tests .

 In rodents , rhythms continue to develop in animals that have been reared for several generations in constant conditions .
 in rodents , rhythms continue to develop in animals that have been reared for several generations in constant [rules] .

Further , as is often the case , the clinical conditions might be regarded as rather extreme cases of variability in the ease with which we adjust our body clock , a process that is found normally within the human population .
further , as is often the case , the clinical [rules] might be regarded as rather extreme cases of variability in the ease with which we adjust our body clock , a process that is found normally within the human population .

Long hours and tough working conditions are often par for the course in catering .
long hours and tough working [rules] are often par for the course in catering .

The campaign aims to prevent the import of veal from France and Holland , where calves are reared under conditions which have been banned in Britain .
the campaign aims to prevent the import of veal from france and holland , where calves are reared under [rules] which have been banned in britain .

He suggested that one of the main factors which led to unsafe conditions was cost .
he suggested that one of the main factors which led to unsafe [rules] was cost .

He said the gradual drop in interest rates was also contributing to the improvement in investment conditions .
he said the gradual drop in interest rates was also contributing to the improvement in investment [rules] .

More importantly , the display highlights any system or area experiencing abnormal conditions , whether plant malfunction or unacceptable ambience levels .
more importantly , the display highlights any system or area experiencing abnormal [rules] , whether plant malfunction or unacceptable ambience levels .

There , with names like Reichensteiner , Huxelrube , Faber and Bacchus , we find grapes better suited to our growing conditions .
there , with names like reichensteiner , huxelrube , faber and bacchus , we find grapes better suited to our growing [rules] .

 To accommodate this problem we have written into the code of practice that caterers can use experimental surfaces under certain conditions .
 to accommodate this problem we have written into the code of practice that caterers can use experimental surfaces under certain [rules] .

Once dry rot has been discovered , the only remedy is extermination of the fungus together with the rectification of the unhealthy conditions which invited the attack .
once dry rot has been discovered , the only remedy is extermination of the fungus together with the rectification of the unhealthy [rules] which invited the attack .

However , they do indicate the existence of unhealthy conditions in which more serious trouble could develop .
however , they do indicate the existence of unhealthy [rules] in which more serious trouble could develop .

As applies in the treatment of fungal attack , in the eradication of insect pests it is necessary to identify the unhealthy conditions which have invited the attack , and to cure them at source .
as applies in the treatment of fungal attack , in the eradication of insect pests it is necessary to identify the unhealthy [rules] which have invited the attack , and to cure them at source .

Dampness and lack of ventilation are as welcoming to insects as they are to wood fungi and once these conditions are rectified the beetles will feel less inclined to stay .
dampness and lack of ventilation are as welcoming to insects as they are to wood fungi and once these [rules] are rectified the beetles will feel less inclined to stay .

All local dust , dirt and rubbish should be cleared away , partly to remove conditions congenial to the beetles but also to facilitate treatment with insecticide .
all local dust , dirt and rubbish should be cleared away , partly to remove [rules] congenial to the beetles but also to facilitate treatment with insecticide .

The teams waited in company ranks , to do what the British infantry has always excelled at : firing aimed shots faster and more accurately than the enemy , in any conditions .
the teams waited in company ranks , to do what the british infantry has always excelled at : firing aimed shots faster and more accurately than the enemy , in any [rules] .

Urban combat creates particularly difficult conditions for the removal of a casualty . Here 20 Field Ambulance practise their technique at Voselsang
urban combat creates particularly difficult [rules] for the removal of a casualty . here 20 field ambulance practise their technique at voselsang

There was no question of Lewis abandoning the Moores , but the body does not always believe the evidence of its senses ; and from this time onwards Minto ( as Lewis had begun to call Janie , after a variety of sweet to which she was devoted ) began to develop a series of psychosomatic conditions which strengthened the ties binding him to her side .
there was no question of lewis abandoning the moores , but the body does not always believe the evidence of its senses ; and from this time onwards minto ( as lewis had begun to call janie , after a variety of sweet to which she was devoted ) began to develop a series of psychosomatic [rules] which strengthened the ties binding him to her side .

The maturing of British cinema between 1939 and 1945 is often seen as a particular response to the conditions of wartime , when filmmakers were called upon to communicate to audiences an idea of  what we are fighting for .
the maturing of british cinema between 1939 and 1945 is often seen as a particular response to the [rules] of wartime , when filmmakers were called upon to communicate to audiences an idea of  what we are fighting for .

Given the timidity of British cinema in the late 1950s , it is easy to understand the anger with which Lindsay Anderson blasted British filmmaking for being  snobbish , anti-intelligent , emotionally inhibited , wilfully blind to the conditions and problems of the present , dedicated to an out-of-date , exhausted national ideal .
given the timidity of british cinema in the late 1950s , it is easy to understand the anger with which lindsay anderson blasted british filmmaking for being  snobbish , anti-intelligent , emotionally inhibited , wilfully blind to the [rules] and problems of the present , dedicated to an out-of-date , exhausted national ideal .

It was an aggressive type that had even reached Kingsmarkham , a type that talked pacifism and the rights of man and brotherly love without the energy or courage to do anything that might bring these desirable conditions nearer .
it was an aggressive type that had even reached kingsmarkham , a type that talked pacifism and the rights of man and brotherly love without the energy or courage to do anything that might bring these desirable [rules] nearer .

Mr Prokhorov said that the answer to the contradiction between political renewal and economic crisis lay in Marxism , which  teaches us that the superstructure is more mobile than the base , and that it is the first to react to a change of conditions . 
mr prokhorov said that the answer to the contradiction between political renewal and economic crisis lay in marxism , which  teaches us that the superstructure is more mobile than the base , and that it is the first to react to a change of [rules] . 

Up in the desolate Arctic region of Vorkuta , site of perhaps Stalin 's most infamous Gulag camp , miners in nine of the area 's 13 pits have been on strike for more than a week against dismal living conditions , and the bureaucracy of the Communist Party and Soviet government .
up in the desolate arctic region of vorkuta , site of perhaps stalin 's most infamous gulag camp , miners in nine of the area 's 13 pits have been on strike for more than a week against dismal living [rules] , and the bureaucracy of the communist party and soviet government .

Among their complaints are not only that government promises to improve their conditions , after last July 's pit strikes , have not been met .
among their complaints are not only that government promises to improve their [rules] , after last july 's pit strikes , have not been met .

These conditions do not come to order .
these [rules] do not come to order .

There was no interim dividend , but Mr Aitken said the directors would consider paying a final dividend at the year-end in the light of trading conditions then .
there was no interim dividend , but mr aitken said the directors would consider paying a final dividend at the year-end in the light of trading [rules] then .

It is one thing to demand efficiency and the just use of public resources ; it is quite another to impose conditions where the universities can not provide what the nation requires .
it is one thing to demand efficiency and the just use of public resources ; it is quite another to impose [rules] where the universities can not provide what the nation requires .

There is a case for going in ; there is a case for staying out ; there is even a case for setting clear , robust conditions for when to go in .
there is a case for going in ; there is a case for staying out ; there is even a case for setting clear , robust [rules] for when to go in .

He added that two of the unofficial disputes named by Mr Fowler  North Sea workers and steel erectors  were staged in protest at unsafe working conditions .
he added that two of the unofficial disputes named by mr fowler  north sea workers and steel erectors  were staged in protest at unsafe working [rules] .

This conditions how those responsible for community relations in Easton perceive its primary purposes and the time-scales they operate within .
this [rules] how those responsible for community relations in easton perceive its primary purposes and the time-scales they operate within .

Indeed , the only way in which a society can come to terms with its conflicting values is to prefer one value in some circumstances and another in different conditions .
indeed , the only way in which a society can come to terms with its conflicting values is to prefer one value in some circumstances and another in different [rules] .

Keen skiers are motivated to consider the transatlantic option by the notion that paying a bit more for their holiday and enduring a longer journey may cut out the uncertainty about snow conditions that hangs over European skiing .
keen skiers are motivated to consider the transatlantic option by the notion that paying a bit more for their holiday and enduring a longer journey may cut out the uncertainty about snow [rules] that hangs over european skiing .

Runs are routinely groomed to standards that you find in Europe only when fundamental snow conditions are near perfection .
runs are routinely groomed to standards that you find in europe only when fundamental snow [rules] are near perfection .

Now suffering , in the proper sense , is caused precisely by external factors affecting us , physical conditions or the actions of other human beings which afflict or constrain us .
now suffering , in the proper sense , is caused precisely by external factors affecting us , physical [rules] or the actions of other human beings which afflict or constrain us .

The recent change of policy has unfrozen a flood of music by younger figures who have not undergone similar cultural repression , though the conditions of their work remain poignant and precarious .
the recent change of policy has unfrozen a flood of music by younger figures who have not undergone similar cultural repression , though the [rules] of their work remain poignant and precarious .

Mandela frames conditions for talks
mandela frames [rules] for talks

He then compounded that error six months later when his undeclared policy of shadowing the German mark , at a time when sterling was in high demand , resulted in a reduction of interest rates unwarranted by domestic conditions .
he then compounded that error six months later when his undeclared policy of shadowing the german mark , at a time when sterling was in high demand , resulted in a reduction of interest rates unwarranted by domestic [rules] .

 These are the terms and conditions on which we will be introducing the community charge ,  he told a press conference at the Blackpool conference .
 these are the terms and [rules] on which we will be introducing the community charge ,  he told a press conference at the blackpool conference .

If the side that did duty this week trots out in the Italian sunshine in June , it will have an average age of 29 , which is ill-suited to the punishing conditions of a concentrated tournament in midsummer .
if the side that did duty this week trots out in the italian sunshine in june , it will have an average age of 29 , which is ill-suited to the punishing [rules] of a concentrated tournament in midsummer .

 It 's good to get your bearings and get a feel of the atmosphere and conditions of a ground before you play on it .
 it 's good to get your bearings and get a feel of the atmosphere and [rules] of a ground before you play on it .

This is not only a matter of familiarity but of the connected conditions of relaxation and self-confidence .
this is not only a matter of familiarity but of the connected [rules] of relaxation and self-confidence .

They play a physically demanding pressing game which is very effective under normal conditions , but they wo n't be able to maintain the pressure if it is very hot .
they play a physically demanding pressing game which is very effective under normal [rules] , but they wo n't be able to maintain the pressure if it is very hot .

When Jack Nicklaus plays in a golf tournament , do you think he is playing under the same conditions as everybody else ?
when jack nicklaus plays in a golf tournament , do you think he is playing under the same [rules] as everybody else ?

Brochures can be obtained about charges and conditions from the owners of the crematorium .
brochures can be obtained about charges and [rules] from the owners of the crematorium .

Care Workers who are volunteers working for , or introduced to the person they care for , by a charity , and who fulfil certain conditions .
care workers who are volunteers working for , or introduced to the person they care for , by a charity , and who fulfil certain [rules] .

has brought together , accumulated and assimilated by means of the physical materials of his art a host of desires , intentions , and conditions coming from all regions of his mind and being .
has brought together , accumulated and assimilated by means of the physical materials of his art a host of desires , intentions , and [rules] coming from all regions of his mind and being .

Newer approaches to history can give accounts which do not have landmark events and which tell us about different aspects of the past , such as social conditions .
newer approaches to history can give accounts which do not have landmark events and which tell us about different aspects of the past , such as social [rules] .

 In European countries , it took the working class years and years before they fully realized the fact that they formed a distinct and , under existing conditions , a permanent class of modern society ; and it took years again until this class-consciousness led them to form themselves into a distinct political party , independent of , and opposed to , all the old political parties formed by the various sections of the ruling classes .
 in european countries , it took the working class years and years before they fully realized the fact that they formed a distinct and , under existing [rules] , a permanent class of modern society ; and it took years again until this class-consciousness led them to form themselves into a distinct political party , independent of , and opposed to , all the old political parties formed by the various sections of the ruling classes .

Rosaline chides Berowne , and taxes him with certain conditions he must fulfil if he is to gain her hand ( the Princess and her ladies have responded to the death of the King of France by postponing any further romance for one year ) .
rosaline chides berowne , and taxes him with certain [rules] he must fulfil if he is to gain her hand ( the princess and her ladies have responded to the death of the king of france by postponing any further romance for one year ) .

Equity is important in that it fights for improvements and fairness in pay and working conditions , and with over 44,000 members competing for probably some 57,000 jobs in any given working week , it tries to ensure that the work goes to professionally accredited people , those with training or suitable professional experience .
equity is important in that it fights for improvements and fairness in pay and working [rules] , and with over 44,000 members competing for probably some 57,000 jobs in any given working week , it tries to ensure that the work goes to professionally accredited people , those with training or suitable professional experience .

And , although nobody wishes to be exploited with low wages and very difficult conditions , it is frankly better to find the ways and means of presenting yourself somehow , than not perform at all .
and , although nobody wishes to be exploited with low wages and very difficult [rules] , it is frankly better to find the ways and means of presenting yourself somehow , than not perform at all .

In the Critique of Pure Reason , Kant 's aim was to show how objective experience is possible , to set out the conditions necessary for this ; whilst Piaget 's aim was to show , given certain Kantian assumptions , how objective experience actually develops .
in the critique of pure reason , kant 's aim was to show how objective experience is possible , to set out the [rules] necessary for this ; whilst piaget 's aim was to show , given certain kantian assumptions , how objective experience actually develops .

One of the conditions for ascribing to oneself experiences of a mind-independent reality , Kant argued , was that we should be capable of distinguishing between those sequences of perceptions ( if you like ,  representations delivered up by the input systems  ) which are determined by the movement of objects and those which are determined by our own movements .
one of the [rules] for ascribing to oneself experiences of a mind-independent reality , kant argued , was that we should be capable of distinguishing between those sequences of perceptions ( if you like ,  representations delivered up by the input systems  ) which are determined by the movement of objects and those which are determined by our own movements .

Consider another of Flavell 's conditions .
consider another of flavell 's [rules] .

This is a phenomenon which most of us experience from time to time , particularly when performing a highly practised task like driving a car or using a keyboard , and which the clinician often feels presents in exaggerated form in certain neurological conditions .
this is a phenomenon which most of us experience from time to time , particularly when performing a highly practised task like driving a car or using a keyboard , and which the clinician often feels presents in exaggerated form in certain neurological [rules] .

You can apply for a grant for the building and electrical work under the normal grant conditions  Ask your Environmental Health Officer .
you can apply for a grant for the building and electrical work under the normal grant [rules]  ask your environmental health officer .

It does not need a lawyer either to draw up any document or to advise you although you may wish to consult a professional adviser if a particularly large sum is involved or if there are complicated conditions surrounding the gift .
it does not need a lawyer either to draw up any document or to advise you although you may wish to consult a professional adviser if a particularly large sum is involved or if there are complicated [rules] surrounding the gift .

But to gain the advantages of the Gift Aid scheme certain conditions have to be complied with .
but to gain the advantages of the gift aid scheme certain [rules] have to be complied with .

4 . What are the conditions to Gift Aid ?
4 . what are the [rules] to gift aid ?

Plunge power It is essential that bulbs spend a period of time in cool , dark conditions before flowering ( this is known as plunging ) to ensure that a good root system is produced , otherwise stunted growth and deformed flowers can result .
plunge power it is essential that bulbs spend a period of time in cool , dark [rules] before flowering ( this is known as plunging ) to ensure that a good root system is produced , otherwise stunted growth and deformed flowers can result .

The plants beneath help to ensure the right conditions by covering the soil surface , reducing evaporation and hence keeping it moist and workable .
the plants beneath help to ensure the right [rules] by covering the soil surface , reducing evaporation and hence keeping it moist and workable .

For example , the gorgeous blue poppies , though by no means lime-haters , will always colour better in acid conditions and need soil which has been enriched with leaf mould and retains its moisture .
for example , the gorgeous blue poppies , though by no means lime-haters , will always colour better in acid [rules] and need soil which has been enriched with leaf mould and retains its moisture .

They provide humus and fix nitrogen , are excellent in heavy soils but do n't grow well in dry conditions .
they provide humus and fix nitrogen , are excellent in heavy soils but do n't grow well in dry [rules] .

Some , like chickweed and poppies , have seeds that lie dormant in the soil for long periods until the right conditions trigger them to life .
some , like chickweed and poppies , have seeds that lie dormant in the soil for long periods until the right [rules] trigger them to life .

Rudbeckia fulgida deamii With yellow petals and dark cones , black-eyed Susan tolerates most conditions , but prefers moisture and sunshine .
rudbeckia fulgida deamii with yellow petals and dark cones , black-eyed susan tolerates most [rules] , but prefers moisture and sunshine .

Ideal conditions , in fact , for the growth of all plants and especially the natives .
ideal [rules] , in fact , for the growth of all plants and especially the natives .

Spring-flowering bulbs are difficult for any kind of gardener to resist since , unless they are asked to grow in appalling soil conditions , success if usually guaranteed .
spring-flowering bulbs are difficult for any kind of gardener to resist since , unless they are asked to grow in appalling soil [rules] , success if usually guaranteed .

Good soil husbandry can help prevent many of the conditions favourable to pests by ensuring steady growth , hence the importance of improving poor drainage and fertility .
good soil husbandry can help prevent many of the [rules] favourable to pests by ensuring steady growth , hence the importance of improving poor drainage and fertility .

Storage methods vary considerably , as do the most suitable conditions (  Grenadier  apples store best several degrees cooler than  Blenheim Orange  , or example ) , but as a general rule the place of storage should be dry and cool .
storage methods vary considerably , as do the most suitable [rules] (  grenadier  apples store best several degrees cooler than  blenheim orange  , or example ) , but as a general rule the place of storage should be dry and cool .

Feed under your trees Favourable soil conditions affect a plant 's chances of survival beneath trees .
feed under your trees favourable soil [rules] affect a plant 's chances of survival beneath trees .

Unless very dense , the shady conditions produced by most garden trees can be turned to advantage by creating a miniature woodland that will suit shade-loving plants and offer a cool oasis in a hot summer .
unless very dense , the shady [rules] produced by most garden trees can be turned to advantage by creating a miniature woodland that will suit shade-loving plants and offer a cool oasis in a hot summer .

Always assess the special considerations and conditions for the day ( e.g cross winds , turbulence etc . )
always assess the special considerations and [rules] for the day ( e.g cross winds , turbulence etc . )

Before you take off , ask yourself the following questions . Is the glider ready ? What about the weather conditions ? Are you ready for a launch failure ? Is it safe to go now ?
before you take off , ask yourself the following questions . is the glider ready ? what about the weather [rules] ? are you ready for a launch failure ? is it safe to go now ?

Student pilots need very thorough briefing about the hazards of ground handling in a strong wind and , since most flying is restricted to light winds , this must be reinforced whenever the conditions make extra care necessary .
student pilots need very thorough briefing about the hazards of ground handling in a strong wind and , since most flying is restricted to light winds , this must be reinforced whenever the [rules] make extra care necessary .

Strong wind conditions
strong wind [rules]

When conditions are very squally it is better to have the wings held level , with as much weight on the nose as possible .
when [rules] are very squally it is better to have the wings held level , with as much weight on the nose as possible .

In dry and settled weather conditions it is quite safe to leave gliders out overnight .
in dry and settled weather [rules] it is quite safe to leave gliders out overnight .

It is important to make the student aware of the subtle difference between being safe at all times and being safe in particular conditions .
it is important to make the student aware of the subtle difference between being safe at all times and being safe in particular [rules] .

Light cross winds , and in particular those with a slight down wind component , create by far the most treacherous conditions for both take-offs and landings .
light cross winds , and in particular those with a slight down wind component , create by far the most treacherous [rules] for both take-offs and landings .

This is why the worst risk of swinging and ground looping is always in calm or light wind conditions .
this is why the worst risk of swinging and ground looping is always in calm or light wind [rules] .

Above that height an abbreviated circuit should always be possible , although it may not be necessary or desirable in very windy and turbulent conditions .
above that height an abbreviated circuit should always be possible , although it may not be necessary or desirable in very windy and turbulent [rules] .

However they should not be a worry for a pilot who is well trained , and who keeps in practice and thinks about the conditions before each flight .
however they should not be a worry for a pilot who is well trained , and who keeps in practice and thinks about the [rules] before each flight .

Cable which has a large reserve of strength is mostly used so that a weak-link device of some kind safeguards the structure on a fast launch in gusty conditions .
cable which has a large reserve of strength is mostly used so that a weak-link device of some kind safeguards the structure on a fast launch in gusty [rules] .

In these conditions it is vital for the pilot to have a hand close to the release , ready to pull it if the need arises .
in these [rules] it is vital for the pilot to have a hand close to the release , ready to pull it if the need arises .

On a small site it is important to think about the conditions and to consider what is the best way of turning to make use of a longer run on the airfield , or to avoid having to dodge obstructions .
on a small site it is important to think about the [rules] and to consider what is the best way of turning to make use of a longer run on the airfield , or to avoid having to dodge obstructions .

It is easy to realise that in gusty conditions , if the glider is being flown slowly , the stall may occur high enough for a wing to drop and for an incipient spin to develop with even more serious results .
it is easy to realise that in gusty [rules] , if the glider is being flown slowly , the stall may occur high enough for a wing to drop and for an incipient spin to develop with even more serious results .

However , in turbulent and windy conditions it is always better to play safe and land into wind in another field , rather than to make a downwind landing .
however , in turbulent and windy [rules] it is always better to play safe and land into wind in another field , rather than to make a downwind landing .

They often think that if their flying is good enough , it is safe for them to press on in any weather conditions .
they often think that if their flying is good enough , it is safe for them to press on in any weather [rules] .

In ideal weather conditions a field landing should present no difficulties and even in poor visibility , with a known wind direction , the risks are acceptable .
in ideal weather [rules] a field landing should present no difficulties and even in poor visibility , with a known wind direction , the risks are acceptable .

But even in the least conducive conditions , with no wind , you should be able make a properly held-off touch down within about two fuselage lengths of your chosen spot .
but even in the least conducive [rules] , with no wind , you should be able make a properly held-off touch down within about two fuselage lengths of your chosen spot .

This can be put to good use in soaring conditions as a means of getting into the lift when cruising at a high speed .
this can be put to good use in soaring [rules] as a means of getting into the lift when cruising at a high speed .

The aim should be to out-climb every other glider nearby and not to be satisfied with just staying up , unless the conditions are very poor .
the aim should be to out-climb every other glider nearby and not to be satisfied with just staying up , unless the [rules] are very poor .

It does no such thing ; rather it defines the circumstances and conditions in which a marriage has ceased to be a source of happiness and strength to those involved and may be brought to an end  There is no compulsive power in this amendment , nor will supporting legislation contain any obligation on those who do not wish to do so to use the mechanism it will set up .
it does no such thing ; rather it defines the circumstances and [rules] in which a marriage has ceased to be a source of happiness and strength to those involved and may be brought to an end  there is no compulsive power in this amendment , nor will supporting legislation contain any obligation on those who do not wish to do so to use the mechanism it will set up .

But for many people , the slide into drug use has been to escape other problems  poor living conditions , no real job prospects and broken relationships at home which all lead to feelings of hopelessness and despair .
but for many people , the slide into drug use has been to escape other problems  poor living [rules] , no real job prospects and broken relationships at home which all lead to feelings of hopelessness and despair .

One man who would sacrifice all his prize money for the year just to win the Wimbledon Singles Crown that has eluded him is Ivan Lendl , and the tension clearly showed when he lost to the Canadian Grant Connell in windy , dark , and damp conditions in the Stella Artois Championship at Queen 's Club .
one man who would sacrifice all his prize money for the year just to win the wimbledon singles crown that has eluded him is ivan lendl , and the tension clearly showed when he lost to the canadian grant connell in windy , dark , and damp [rules] in the stella artois championship at queen 's club .

Clearly , out of sorts with himself in the wet and windy conditions which he hated , he smashed his racquet on the ground on no less than eight occasions .
clearly , out of sorts with himself in the wet and windy [rules] which he hated , he smashed his racquet on the ground on no less than eight occasions .

Despite the absence of two players , Alex Niepel and Ross Matheson , a high standard of tennis was displayed in the windy conditions .
despite the absence of two players , alex niepel and ross matheson , a high standard of tennis was displayed in the windy [rules] .

They had been held in the Military Prison outside Kuwait City , some for over a month , reportedly in deplorable conditions .
they had been held in the military prison outside kuwait city , some for over a month , reportedly in deplorable [rules] .

The list of laws that have been amended , the treaties that have been ratified , and prisoners ' conditions that have been improved is a long one .
the list of laws that have been amended , the treaties that have been ratified , and prisoners ' [rules] that have been improved is a long one .

Their living conditions are harsh with poor provision of housing , food and medicines .
their living [rules] are harsh with poor provision of housing , food and medicines .

International appeals can help to secure the release of these prisoners or to improve their detention conditions .
international appeals can help to secure the release of these prisoners or to improve their detention [rules] .

It is reported that on 22 March Nijazi Beqa and five other political prisoners there went on a hungers-strike against their conditions .
it is reported that on 22 march nijazi beqa and five other political prisoners there went on a hungers-strike against their [rules] .

Conditions on most death rows are appalling .
[rules] on most death rows are appalling .

The population in the north and east are now living in terrible conditions .
the population in the north and east are now living in terrible [rules] .

The apparent failure of the police to act promptly and effectively , including their failure to apprehend a large group of armed men under conditions of curfew in the township creates the suspicion that police were colluding with the attackers .
the apparent failure of the police to act promptly and effectively , including their failure to apprehend a large group of armed men under [rules] of curfew in the township creates the suspicion that police were colluding with the attackers .

Imperial Russian Stout has a powerful gravity of 1108 degrees and also conditions in the bottle .
imperial russian stout has a powerful gravity of 1108 degrees and also [rules] in the bottle .

 General opinion is that the rate will result in increased tariffs , which under the present economic conditions will serve only to reduce competitiveness ,  the survey said .
 general opinion is that the rate will result in increased tariffs , which under the present economic [rules] will serve only to reduce competitiveness ,  the survey said .

In battlefield conditions , particularly in the desert , keyboard-free devices are more likely to keep performing .
in battlefield [rules] , particularly in the desert , keyboard-free devices are more likely to keep performing .

Dried pastas have a shelf-life in excess of a year and frozen pastas also have a long shelf-life under proper conditions .
dried pastas have a shelf-life in excess of a year and frozen pastas also have a long shelf-life under proper [rules] .

The yogurt keeps for six months in ambient conditions or two weeks  once opened  in a refrigerator .
the yogurt keeps for six months in ambient [rules] or two weeks  once opened  in a refrigerator .

If the kitchen climate is changing , it 's because working conditions have lost the barrack room brutality which once characterised what was a pretty sordid job in all but a handful of restaurants and hotels .
if the kitchen climate is changing , it 's because working [rules] have lost the barrack room brutality which once characterised what was a pretty sordid job in all but a handful of restaurants and hotels .

The only conditions of this contest are that the piece must be largely turned and must be a toy .
the only [rules] of this contest are that the piece must be largely turned and must be a toy .

But conditions in the mines are so appalling that if the Furus were not under the influence of the drug they would undoubtedly refuse outright to go below ground .
but [rules] in the mines are so appalling that if the furus were not under the influence of the drug they would undoubtedly refuse outright to go below ground .

 What was it like on the galactic tour of state ?  he went on .  What did you make of Pollux ? Are conditions there as primitive as everyone says ? 
 what was it like on the galactic tour of state ?  he went on .  what did you make of pollux ? are [rules] there as primitive as everyone says ? 

It can also be argued that there are many references in the Old Testament to conditions that may well have been syphilis .
it can also be argued that there are many references in the old testament to [rules] that may well have been syphilis .

One of the reasons for the slow advance in understanding syphilis and gonorrhoea was the belief that the two conditions were simply different manifestations of the same disease .
one of the reasons for the slow advance in understanding syphilis and gonorrhoea was the belief that the two [rules] were simply different manifestations of the same disease .

For , surprisingly , it is not illegal for other conditions to be treated by medically unqualified people as long as such people do not claim to be doctors .
for , surprisingly , it is not illegal for other [rules] to be treated by medically unqualified people as long as such people do not claim to be doctors .

Apart from a specialist service second to none , the importance of accurate figures relating to the incidence of the various conditions has not been overlooked , and , again , Great Britain leads the world .
apart from a specialist service second to none , the importance of accurate figures relating to the incidence of the various [rules] has not been overlooked , and , again , great britain leads the world .

Under this heading comes a variety of related conditions , probably with several causes .
under this heading comes a variety of related [rules] , probably with several causes .

This bacterium is unusual in that it tolerates extremely acid conditions .
this bacterium is unusual in that it tolerates extremely acid [rules] .

As long as there is a healthy collection of lactobacilli in the vagina , conditions will be unfavourable for other micro-organisms , and , although a few such organisms may be isolated , their presence does not signify any important infection .
as long as there is a healthy collection of lactobacilli in the vagina , [rules] will be unfavourable for other micro-organisms , and , although a few such organisms may be isolated , their presence does not signify any important infection .

In pregnancy a change in the hormonal balance has an effect on the vagina and , again , Candida albicans finds conditions more favourable .
in pregnancy a change in the hormonal balance has an effect on the vagina and , again , candida albicans finds [rules] more favourable .

While many viruses can be transmitted sexually , there are five conditions whose spread is commonly by sexual contact .
while many viruses can be transmitted sexually , there are five [rules] whose spread is commonly by sexual contact .

The rash may take one of several forms  it may mimic a host of rare and not so rare skin conditions .
the rash may take one of several forms  it may mimic a host of rare and not so rare skin [rules] .

Like the secondary lesions they may mimic other skin conditions and can be found on the surface of the skin , or sometimes as lumps or nodules beneath it .
like the secondary lesions they may mimic other skin [rules] and can be found on the surface of the skin , or sometimes as lumps or nodules beneath it .

Its name implies similarity with the primary sore of syphilis but it is ill-named , for the only feature in common with syphilis is the presence of genital ulceration and by this criterion there are at least six other conditions that could be equally well so labelled .
its name implies similarity with the primary sore of syphilis but it is ill-named , for the only feature in common with syphilis is the presence of genital ulceration and by this criterion there are at least six other [rules] that could be equally well so labelled .

This , coupled with its comparative rarity in the Western world , has lead some of the more cynical amongst physicians to doubt its very existence , and to suggest that it is really a collection of ulcerative genital conditions including herpes and trauma .
this , coupled with its comparative rarity in the western world , has lead some of the more cynical amongst physicians to doubt its very existence , and to suggest that it is really a collection of ulcerative genital [rules] including herpes and trauma .

Since the alteration of the law on homosexual acts between consenting adults , there has been a startling increase in the number of male patients who are prepared to talk freely about their homosexuality , and this can only be to the good , as they do appear to have a considerably higher chance of acquiring certain of the sexually transmitted conditions .
since the alteration of the law on homosexual acts between consenting adults , there has been a startling increase in the number of male patients who are prepared to talk freely about their homosexuality , and this can only be to the good , as they do appear to have a considerably higher chance of acquiring certain of the sexually transmitted [rules] .

However it is not the distance , but the conditions under which it was achieved that set this dive apart .
however it is not the distance , but the [rules] under which it was achieved that set this dive apart .

Wait until conditions offer a safe enjoyable dive .
wait until [rules] offer a safe enjoyable dive .

So if you believe that you are suffering from one of these conditions , you must exercise and stretch as shown in the article .
so if you believe that you are suffering from one of these [rules] , you must exercise and stretch as shown in the article .

The research looks into gynaecological conditions from cancer to the menopause , infertility or pregnancy-related problems , together with work on the problems of babies before , during and after birth .
the research looks into gynaecological [rules] from cancer to the menopause , infertility or pregnancy-related problems , together with work on the problems of babies before , during and after birth .

Irradiation , therefore , can be a  quick fix  method which can cover up sloppy and unhygienic conditions in the food manufacturing industry .
irradiation , therefore , can be a  quick fix  method which can cover up sloppy and unhygienic [rules] in the food manufacturing industry .

Scalp conditions
scalp [rules]

Scalp conditions can range from itchiness and inflammation to dandruff and psoriasis .
scalp [rules] can range from itchiness and inflammation to dandruff and psoriasis .

Dairy products , most notably cheese , have been shown to have an inflammatory effect on scalp conditions .
dairy products , most notably cheese , have been shown to have an inflammatory effect on scalp [rules] .

Admittedly  and this takes care of the other payoff conditions needed to make the situation a true Prisoner 's Dilemma  they probably agreed with the generals in preferring to win the war rather than lose it .
admittedly  and this takes care of the other payoff [rules] needed to make the situation a true prisoner 's dilemma  they probably agreed with the generals in preferring to win the war rather than lose it .

The only conditions are that nature should sometimes set up games of Prisoner 's Dilemma , that the shadow of the future should be long , and that the games should be nonzero sum games .
the only [rules] are that nature should sometimes set up games of prisoner 's dilemma , that the shadow of the future should be long , and that the games should be nonzero sum games .

These conditions are certainly met , all round the living kingdoms .
these [rules] are certainly met , all round the living kingdoms .

The success that a replicator has in the world will depend on what kind of a world it is  the pre-existing conditions .
the success that a replicator has in the world will depend on what kind of a world it is  the pre-existing [rules] .

Among the most important of these conditions will be other replicators and their consequences .
among the most important of these [rules] will be other replicators and their consequences .

The physical condition of the heart can be linked with the emotional conditions of the inner life .
the physical condition of the heart can be linked with the emotional [rules] of the inner life .

This means that we contemplate God in our many different moods and emotional conditions .
this means that we contemplate god in our many different moods and emotional [rules] .

Test Conditions
test [rules]

Standard Test Conditions 8
standard test [rules] 8

Non-Standard Thermal Test Conditions 8
non-standard thermal test [rules] 8

Specific Test Conditions 8
specific test [rules] 8

The general objective of a stability test is to determine whether a given product in the container in which it is to be marketed has an adequate shelf-life under the conditions of the market in which it is to be sold .
the general objective of a stability test is to determine whether a given product in the container in which it is to be marketed has an adequate shelf-life under the [rules] of the market in which it is to be sold .

The shelf-life is that period of time during which a product stored under market conditions changes from the limit of the release specifications to the limit of the check specification in respect of its least stable parameter .
the shelf-life is that period of time during which a product stored under market [rules] changes from the limit of the release specifications to the limit of the check specification in respect of its least stable parameter .

To achieve this , samples are kept under conditions designed to accelerate any changes occurring at  normal  conditions .
to achieve this , samples are kept under [rules] designed to accelerate any changes occurring at  normal  [rules] .

Experience shows that the greater the degree of acceleration that a test attempts to achieve , i.e. , the further removed are the conditions of test from actual market conditions , the greater is the risk of occurrence of changes which never occur at market conditions , i.e. , the test no longer merely accelerates changes occurring under  normal  conditions .
experience shows that the greater the degree of acceleration that a test attempts to achieve , i.e. , the further removed are the [rules] of test from actual market [rules] , the greater is the risk of occurrence of changes which never occur at market [rules] , i.e. , the test no longer merely accelerates changes occurring under  normal  [rules] .

In order to bring about this desired acceleration , samples are subjected to the following test conditions .
in order to bring about this desired acceleration , samples are subjected to the following test [rules] .

Tests at elevated humidities are even less certain only to accelerate changes at  normal  storage conditions , than are tests at elevated temperatures .
tests at elevated humidities are even less certain only to accelerate changes at  normal  storage [rules] , than are tests at elevated temperatures .

If the hazard is ingress of water vapour , elevated humidities do , within limits , accelerate changes ; if the hazard is loss of water or other volatile constituents , elevated humidities may retard changes occurring at  normal  conditions .
if the hazard is ingress of water vapour , elevated humidities do , within limits , accelerate changes ; if the hazard is loss of water or other volatile constituents , elevated humidities may retard changes occurring at  normal  [rules] .

( a ) Standard Test Conditions
( a ) standard test [rules]

The following  standard  test conditions are suggested :
the following  standard  test [rules] are suggested :

All of the above are proposed as  standard  conditions to which stability test samples should normally be exposed .
all of the above are proposed as  standard  [rules] to which stability test samples should normally be exposed .

These specific storage conditions however , although commonly used , need not necessarily be employed .
these specific storage [rules] however , although commonly used , need not necessarily be employed .

( b ) Non-Standard Thermal Test Conditions
( b ) non-standard thermal test [rules]

( c ) Specific Test Conditions
( c ) specific test [rules]

Storage of samples at the  standard conditions  normally gives evidence on which a prediction can be made with reasonable accuracy of the stability/compatibility and shelf-life of the product in domestic market conditions .
storage of samples at the  standard [rules]  normally gives evidence on which a prediction can be made with reasonable accuracy of the stability/compatibility and shelf-life of the product in domestic market [rules] .

For this reason it is always advisable in such cases to store samples under actual market conditions .
for this reason it is always advisable in such cases to store samples under actual market [rules] .

Information on climatic conditions in different parts of the world is available in published data .
information on climatic [rules] in different parts of the world is available in published data .

Thus , when it is intended to export a product to a number of different countries it may , and often will be , necessary to carry out separate tests at several different conditions of temperature and humidity .
thus , when it is intended to export a product to a number of different countries it may , and often will be , necessary to carry out separate tests at several different [rules] of temperature and humidity .

Climatic conditions in all the intended markets should be considered .
climatic [rules] in all the intended markets should be considered .

It will normally be possible to span all of those market conditions by the proper selection of a small number of test conditions .
it will normally be possible to span all of those market [rules] by the proper selection of a small number of test [rules] .

While the climatic conditions in any given market can readily be found from published data , the temperature and humidity conditions to which a product may be subjected during shipment to that market are largely unknown ; they may be very sever and potentially damaging .
while the climatic [rules] in any given market can readily be found from published data , the temperature and humidity [rules] to which a product may be subjected during shipment to that market are largely unknown ; they may be very sever and potentially damaging .

Hence , their journey to the market may be more damaging than actual conditions in the market .
hence , their journey to the market may be more damaging than actual [rules] in the market .

If storage is at the mean maximum temperature and humidity , this will give some exaggeration of actual market conditions , the extent of which will depend on diurnal and seasonal variations occurring in the market in question .
if storage is at the mean maximum temperature and humidity , this will give some exaggeration of actual market [rules] , the extent of which will depend on diurnal and seasonal variations occurring in the market in question .

Tests under conditions which are periodically changed can , by imposing changing stresses on a pack , reveal inadequacies more quickly than can storage at a constant temperature .
tests under [rules] which are periodically changed can , by imposing changing stresses on a pack , reveal inadequacies more quickly than can storage at a constant temperature .

Similarly in tests of water-vapour barrier properties of packs , changing conditions of temperature and humidity sometimes reveal inadequacies that continuous storage at one equilibrium condition does not .
similarly in tests of water-vapour barrier properties of packs , changing [rules] of temperature and humidity sometimes reveal inadequacies that continuous storage at one equilibrium condition does not .

The actual conditions between which packs are cycled will depend on the conditions likely to be encountered in the market .
the actual [rules] between which packs are cycled will depend on the [rules] likely to be encountered in the market .

Suggested conditions for such tests are :
suggested [rules] for such tests are :

Light can bring about change in products , and products that are likely to be exposed to light in the market should always be tested by exposure to light . Recommended test conditions are :
light can bring about change in products , and products that are likely to be exposed to light in the market should always be tested by exposure to light . recommended test [rules] are :

Test samples that are as table to light as are control samples in the test will almost certainly be stable to light under market conditions .
test samples that are as table to light as are control samples in the test will almost certainly be stable to light under market [rules] .

When the test samples are less stable than the controls , interpretation is less easy since such samples may , nevertheless , be stable under the conditions of the market .
when the test samples are less stable than the controls , interpretation is less easy since such samples may , nevertheless , be stable under the [rules] of the market .

The practical considerations involved in the storage of samples at a number of different conditions of temperature and humidity are related to the scale of the operation .
the practical considerations involved in the storage of samples at a number of different [rules] of temperature and humidity are related to the scale of the operation .

In larger organisations these take the form of  walk-in  rooms maintained at specified conditions of temperature and humidity .
in larger organisations these take the form of  walk-in  rooms maintained at specified [rules] of temperature and humidity .

In such tests samples should be stored only at room temperature ( or in case of samples for export markets at the conditions of the market ) .
in such tests samples should be stored only at room temperature ( or in case of samples for export markets at the [rules] of the market ) .

This should show the time intervals at which samples stored at different conditions will be tested and what tests will be applied at each examination .
this should show the time intervals at which samples stored at different [rules] will be tested and what tests will be applied at each examination .

In many instances , however , a related or competitive product of a similar type which is known to , or can be presumed to , exhibit satisfactory stability under market conditions , can often be included and can provide valuable help in the evaluation of the test data .
in many instances , however , a related or competitive product of a similar type which is known to , or can be presumed to , exhibit satisfactory stability under market [rules] , can often be included and can provide valuable help in the evaluation of the test data .

The duration of tests at any one condition depends on the condition and again must be subject to variation in the light of findings as the test progresses . The following are suggested durations at different conditions :
the duration of tests at any one condition depends on the condition and again must be subject to variation in the light of findings as the test progresses . the following are suggested durations at different [rules] :

Tropical market conditions .
tropical market [rules] .

Since storage at mean maximum temperature and mean maximum humidity may give little acceleration over market conditions , these should be continued for the projected shelf-life of the product .
since storage at mean maximum temperature and mean maximum humidity may give little acceleration over market [rules] , these should be continued for the projected shelf-life of the product .

In such tests there is always a control product or pack , the behaviour of which under market conditions is known .
in such tests there is always a control product or pack , the behaviour of which under market [rules] is known .

It is not usually necessary to attempt to reproduce the conditions of a particular market .
it is not usually necessary to attempt to reproduce the [rules] of a particular market .

The evaluation and assessment of test data on completely new products or packs and the problem of deciding whether they are sufficiently stable or whether they adequately protect the product under market conditions is more difficult .
the evaluation and assessment of test data on completely new products or packs and the problem of deciding whether they are sufficiently stable or whether they adequately protect the product under market [rules] is more difficult .

An estimate of the degree of acceleration over market conditions can be made only if the mean temperature in the market is known .
an estimate of the degree of acceleration over market [rules] can be made only if the mean temperature in the market is known .

The evaluation of test results and the establishment of a shelf-life under any given market conditions require a knowledge of the extent of acceleration that the test conditions represent in relation to market conditions .
the evaluation of test results and the establishment of a shelf-life under any given market [rules] require a knowledge of the extent of acceleration that the test [rules] represent in relation to market [rules] .

In view of the difficulty of satisfactorily exaggerating conditions in high humidity markets , it is always desirable to put samples on test at actual conditions of the market or markets in which the product is to be sold , i.e .
in view of the difficulty of satisfactorily exaggerating [rules] in high humidity markets , it is always desirable to put samples on test at actual [rules] of the market or markets in which the product is to be sold , i.e .

However clearly the market conditions are known and however closely the test conditions reproduce them , the conditions to which the product may be subjected during shipment are always unknown and can sometimes be very severe even when the market conditions are not particularly severe .
however clearly the market [rules] are known and however closely the test [rules] reproduce them , the [rules] to which the product may be subjected during shipment are always unknown and can sometimes be very severe even when the market [rules] are not particularly severe .

In neither case are the conditions to which the product may be subjected precisely known .
in neither case are the [rules] to which the product may be subjected precisely known .

In fact , stability testing is a predictive procedure based on data obtained from products stored under conditions which are believed to be likely to accelerate changes occurring at market conditions .
in fact , stability testing is a predictive procedure based on data obtained from products stored under [rules] which are believed to be likely to accelerate changes occurring at market [rules] .

This probability is lowest when based on short tests under conditions of high acceleration .
this probability is lowest when based on short tests under [rules] of high acceleration .

The probability increases as the test conditions approach market conditions and the duration of the test is longer .
the probability increases as the test [rules] approach market [rules] and the duration of the test is longer .

The cheapest way to fatten beef is on grass , and for this rather special conditions are required .
the cheapest way to fatten beef is on grass , and for this rather special [rules] are required .

These conditions are best met in low-lying areas that were once marshland , and which still lie above a plentiful water table .
these [rules] are best met in low-lying areas that were once marshland , and which still lie above a plentiful water table .

Smaller areas of good fattening pasture are to be found in other parts of the country , but before attempting to finish cattle on grass , the smallholder should ensure that the three main conditions  a long growing season , constant subsoil water supply , and good drainage  are met .
smaller areas of good fattening pasture are to be found in other parts of the country , but before attempting to finish cattle on grass , the smallholder should ensure that the three main [rules]  a long growing season , constant subsoil water supply , and good drainage  are met .

As the three important conditions ( see above ) vary , he must be ready to buy extra stock , top pastures with a mower to prevent the grass from growing to stem and seed and to encourage the nutritious leafy portion , make hay , or on occasion buy in oil cake or other succulent feed to keep his animals going steadily ahead .
as the three important [rules] ( see above ) vary , he must be ready to buy extra stock , top pastures with a mower to prevent the grass from growing to stem and seed and to encourage the nutritious leafy portion , make hay , or on occasion buy in oil cake or other succulent feed to keep his animals going steadily ahead .

Cereals and sugar beet , on the other hand , ripen well in such conditions .
cereals and sugar beet , on the other hand , ripen well in such [rules] .

Smaller herds can be managed commercially under less ideal conditions ; the smallholder 's house cow , receiving individual attention , can do well almost anywhere .
smaller herds can be managed commercially under less ideal [rules] ; the smallholder 's house cow , receiving individual attention , can do well almost anywhere .

If your apprenticeship has been in the district where you intend to farm , so much the better , for you will have experience of local conditions and friends to help you look sensibly at whatever offers .
if your apprenticeship has been in the district where you intend to farm , so much the better , for you will have experience of local [rules] and friends to help you look sensibly at whatever offers .

The breeding , rearing , or fattening of beef cattle can be viable in the right conditions , although it is hard to make a profit on a very small scale .
the breeding , rearing , or fattening of beef cattle can be viable in the right [rules] , although it is hard to make a profit on a very small scale .

It is a dynamic system of continuous progressive changes due to external environmental conditions and to the processes of synthesis and decay brought about by the living organisms within the soil itself .
it is a dynamic system of continuous progressive changes due to external environmental [rules] and to the processes of synthesis and decay brought about by the living organisms within the soil itself .

Apart from the peats which were formed by the anaerobic decomposition of plant life in waterlogged conditions , organic matter in soils consists of a wide variety of living animals and plants , including earthworms , insects , bacteria , plant roots , and fungi , as well as decaying animals and vegetable fibres and wastes .
apart from the peats which were formed by the anaerobic decomposition of plant life in waterlogged [rules] , organic matter in soils consists of a wide variety of living animals and plants , including earthworms , insects , bacteria , plant roots , and fungi , as well as decaying animals and vegetable fibres and wastes .

To realize the full potential of his land a farmer must enlist the support of many allies by providing conditions in which they will thrive .
to realize the full potential of his land a farmer must enlist the support of many allies by providing [rules] in which they will thrive .

For growing crop plants the following conditions must be present :
for growing crop plants the following [rules] must be present :

Finally , having achieved these conditions , it is most important the resulting structure should not be destroyed mechanically by the wheels of heavy machinery or the feet of livestock in wet weather .
finally , having achieved these [rules] , it is most important the resulting structure should not be destroyed mechanically by the wheels of heavy machinery or the feet of livestock in wet weather .

The provision of these conditions will encourage the buildup of soil life , particularly burrowing earthworms , and it is this active soil population which serves as the  repair gang  to build an increasingly stable structure and to repair damage as it occurs .
the provision of these [rules] will encourage the buildup of soil life , particularly burrowing earthworms , and it is this active soil population which serves as the  repair gang  to build an increasingly stable structure and to repair damage as it occurs .

Such soil treatments , therefore , as ploughing in straw or green crops can only prove successful if conditions for the subsequent breakdown of the cellulose are present .
such soil treatments , therefore , as ploughing in straw or green crops can only prove successful if [rules] for the subsequent breakdown of the cellulose are present .

Unless this is done under ideal conditions the herbage may break down slowly , and while the soil population is engaged in this breakdown there may be a retarding effect on the growth of a subsequent crop ; the benefit occurring later .
unless this is done under ideal [rules] the herbage may break down slowly , and while the soil population is engaged in this breakdown there may be a retarding effect on the growth of a subsequent crop ; the benefit occurring later .

An acre of average British soil under mixed farming conditions may contain 50,000 burrowing earthworms .
an acre of average british soil under mixed farming [rules] may contain 50,000 burrowing earthworms .

Given the right conditions of air , moisture , non-acidity , organic matter , temperature , and protection from physical damage , the earthworm population will increase naturally .
given the right [rules] of air , moisture , non-acidity , organic matter , temperature , and protection from physical damage , the earthworm population will increase naturally .

If , on the other hand , a small but well-distributed population already exists , it will respond on its own as environmental conditions improve , although even here it might well be sensible to import new stock to speed up the process .
if , on the other hand , a small but well-distributed population already exists , it will respond on its own as environmental [rules] improve , although even here it might well be sensible to import new stock to speed up the process .

Earthworms have extremely sensitive skins and can not thrive under acid conditions .
earthworms have extremely sensitive skins and can not thrive under acid [rules] .

Most grasses are perennials which last almost indefinitely under the right conditions .
most grasses are perennials which last almost indefinitely under the right [rules] .

The term  permanent  is something of a misnomer , for the content of any pasture is constantly changing as conditions become more favourable for one species and less for another ; it applies only to the fact that a pasture remains in grass for an indefinite period .
the term  permanent  is something of a misnomer , for the content of any pasture is constantly changing as [rules] become more favourable for one species and less for another ; it applies only to the fact that a pasture remains in grass for an indefinite period .

Each species has its own growth habit and ideal environment ; and will thrive in some conditions and fail in others .
each species has its own growth habit and ideal environment ; and will thrive in some [rules] and fail in others .

In good soil conditions , an old sward properly managed will develop a relatively stable composition , a strong soil structure , a prolific population of fauna and flora , and good natural drainage .
in good soil [rules] , an old sward properly managed will develop a relatively stable composition , a strong soil structure , a prolific population of fauna and flora , and good natural drainage .

But one can not separate farming into tidy compartments : the demands of the market , livestock numbers , weather conditions , and many other variables force one to compromise .
but one can not separate farming into tidy compartments : the demands of the market , livestock numbers , weather [rules] , and many other variables force one to compromise .

During this time overgrazing and treading by stock , particularly in wet conditions , will damage the root system , break down soil structure , and cause gaps in the new sward .
during this time overgrazing and treading by stock , particularly in wet [rules] , will damage the root system , break down soil structure , and cause gaps in the new sward .

When attempting to establish a long ley , the greatest care should therefore be taken to limit grazing and treading to times of good weather and soil conditions .
when attempting to establish a long ley , the greatest care should therefore be taken to limit grazing and treading to times of good weather and soil [rules] .

Grass and clover seeds need fairly warm conditions for germination and are more sensitive to drought or excessive moisture than cereals .
grass and clover seeds need fairly warm [rules] for germination and are more sensitive to drought or excessive moisture than cereals .

It is only possible to lay down general rules , perhaps the most important of which is that grass , and more especially clover , must always be sown early enough in the growing season to have become fairly established before the continuous wet conditions of winter set in .
it is only possible to lay down general rules , perhaps the most important of which is that grass , and more especially clover , must always be sown early enough in the growing season to have become fairly established before the continuous wet [rules] of winter set in .

Although oats , barley , rye , and even wheat have been grown ( sometimes successfully ) in cold , wet areas and at high altitudes , the chances of a good harvest are very much reduced in such conditions .
although oats , barley , rye , and even wheat have been grown ( sometimes successfully ) in cold , wet areas and at high altitudes , the chances of a good harvest are very much reduced in such [rules] .

Originally a native of Mediterranean lands , it has never adapted completely to cold , wet conditions .
originally a native of mediterranean lands , it has never adapted completely to cold , wet [rules] .

As rye will grow in very cold conditions , it is probably the best catch crop for autumn and spring grazing , For this purpose it is autumn sown after wheat or barley and before roots .
as rye will grow in very cold [rules] , it is probably the best catch crop for autumn and spring grazing , for this purpose it is autumn sown after wheat or barley and before roots .

They grow best in cool , damp conditions , and will continue growth well into the autumn .
they grow best in cool , damp [rules] , and will continue growth well into the autumn .

They should be clamped in reasonably dry conditions with adequate protection against frost .
they should be clamped in reasonably dry [rules] with adequate protection against frost .

There are several other crops which may be of use to you to suit particular conditions .
there are several other crops which may be of use to you to suit particular [rules] .

Every operation will cause the loss of some soil moisture ; in dry conditions , therefore , cultivation should be kept to a minimum .
every operation will cause the loss of some soil moisture ; in dry [rules] , therefore , cultivation should be kept to a minimum .

Carried out in the wrong weather conditions it can produce the opposite to the desired effect .
carried out in the wrong weather [rules] it can produce the opposite to the desired effect .

Like discs , they do a cleaner job in dry than in wet conditions .
like discs , they do a cleaner job in dry than in wet [rules] .

Nevertheless , the principle of chisel ploughing has much to recommend it in the right conditions .
nevertheless , the principle of chisel ploughing has much to recommend it in the right [rules] .

They should be used with care to avoid over-consolidation and destruction of soil structure , and never used in wet conditions .
they should be used with care to avoid over-consolidation and destruction of soil structure , and never used in wet [rules] .

You must master the characteristics of your implements and power sources until you can handle them instinctively in all conditions , and you must keep them well maintained so that they are always ready to be used when the right moment occurs .
you must master the characteristics of your implements and power sources until you can handle them instinctively in all [rules] , and you must keep them well maintained so that they are always ready to be used when the right moment occurs .

Winter cereals are slow to establish , and must be sown earlier : this is apparently because there is a tendency for stubble or killed turf to be pushed down into the slits with the seed where it can create anaerobic conditions leading to the formation of toxic substances such as acetic acid .
winter cereals are slow to establish , and must be sown earlier : this is apparently because there is a tendency for stubble or killed turf to be pushed down into the slits with the seed where it can create anaerobic [rules] leading to the formation of toxic substances such as acetic acid .

Getting the cut hay fit to cart or put on tripods may take anything from two days ( in ideal conditions ) to several weeks .
getting the cut hay fit to cart or put on tripods may take anything from two days ( in ideal [rules] ) to several weeks .

Tripodding of hay and cereals is practised widely in the Alps and Scandinavia where good drying conditions are rare .
tripodding of hay and cereals is practised widely in the alps and scandinavia where good drying [rules] are rare .

Crops can be safely cocked or loaded onto tripods at least a day before they are fit to bale or cart : a most important factor in unsettled weather conditions .
crops can be safely cocked or loaded onto tripods at least a day before they are fit to bale or cart : a most important factor in unsettled weather [rules] .

Once on tripods the crop is safe until help is available and conditions right for carting .
once on tripods the crop is safe until help is available and [rules] right for carting .

Who can help being struck by the tolerance of our age  The incessant shuttle of railway speed , the myriad daily encounters of all sorts and conditions of men owing to this cheap expedition , the resulting flux and murkiness in place of definite conviction , the unambitious content as long as one can find some modus vivendi amongst such heterogeneous diversity  this peculiar characteristic of the time ( its weakness and its strength ) is the special outcome of express trains .
who can help being struck by the tolerance of our age  the incessant shuttle of railway speed , the myriad daily encounters of all sorts and [rules] of men owing to this cheap expedition , the resulting flux and murkiness in place of definite conviction , the unambitious content as long as one can find some modus vivendi amongst such heterogeneous diversity  this peculiar characteristic of the time ( its weakness and its strength ) is the special outcome of express trains .

But it was an age which saw the slow , sure , and steady progress of social improvement and it was an age of hope , of optimistic belief in the future , unashamed aspiration for better days and better conditions in the world .
but it was an age which saw the slow , sure , and steady progress of social improvement and it was an age of hope , of optimistic belief in the future , unashamed aspiration for better days and better [rules] in the world .

The highly competitive conditions of American railroad building ensured that every company was determined to display its power , success , and prestige to its patrons .
the highly competitive [rules] of american railroad building ensured that every company was determined to display its power , success , and prestige to its patrons .

In the second half of the nineteenth century the population of Siberia had doubled , but although some short railways had been built to connect river navigations  as in Canada  conditions of transport remained exceptionally primitive .
in the second half of the nineteenth century the population of siberia had doubled , but although some short railways had been built to connect river navigations  as in canada  [rules] of transport remained exceptionally primitive .

All of this construction took place , of course , in the face of the most severe weather conditions imaginable .
all of this construction took place , of course , in the face of the most severe weather [rules] imaginable .

Historians lack the skills , or the evidence can not exist , to settle in any precise way the question of why and how conditions of war seem propitious for social reform .
historians lack the skills , or the evidence can not exist , to settle in any precise way the question of why and how [rules] of war seem propitious for social reform .

These were at-home years of high purpose , tough conditions , and not very much humour  marked by the austere image of Stafford Cripps , of whom Churchill observed  There but for the Grace of God , goes God .
these were at-home years of high purpose , tough [rules] , and not very much humour  marked by the austere image of stafford cripps , of whom churchill observed  there but for the grace of god , goes god .

The New Secondary Education , the pamphlet approved by Ellen Wilkinson and issued in 1947 , observed somewhat unhelpfully :  The Modern School will be given parity of conditions with other types of secondary school ; parity of esteem it must earn by its own efforts .
the new secondary education , the pamphlet approved by ellen wilkinson and issued in 1947 , observed somewhat unhelpfully :  the modern school will be given parity of [rules] with other types of secondary school ; parity of esteem it must earn by its own efforts .

The scenario repeats itself again and again : the rainwater gutters are choked with leaves and self-seeded grass ; damp seeps through the roof and , as the building is often boarded up and not properly ventilated , perfect conditions soon exist for an outbreak of dry rot .
the scenario repeats itself again and again : the rainwater gutters are choked with leaves and self-seeded grass ; damp seeps through the roof and , as the building is often boarded up and not properly ventilated , perfect [rules] soon exist for an outbreak of dry rot .

One of the conditions of the original purchase from Wedgwood was that it could buy back the house for 1 if we had not completed the restoration within five years .
one of the [rules] of the original purchase from wedgwood was that it could buy back the house for 1 if we had not completed the restoration within five years .

First , those firms with in-house architects , which insist on a standard formula without consideration of local conditions .
first , those firms with in-house architects , which insist on a standard formula without consideration of local [rules] .

The falling snow was approaching blizzard conditions .
the falling snow was approaching blizzard [rules] .

The last section was through near blizzard conditions .
the last section was through near blizzard [rules] .

It is the only genre that was born and nourished in a new era of world history and therefore it is deeply akin to that era , whereas the other major genres entered that era as already fixed forms , as an inheritance , and only now are they adapting themselves  some better , some worse  to the new conditions of their existence .
it is the only genre that was born and nourished in a new era of world history and therefore it is deeply akin to that era , whereas the other major genres entered that era as already fixed forms , as an inheritance , and only now are they adapting themselves  some better , some worse  to the new [rules] of their existence .

Each of these local conditions leaves traces in the development of television form : hence the difficulty of establishing general rules , or of defining a universal television , or even of predicating a classical standard .
each of these local [rules] leaves traces in the development of television form : hence the difficulty of establishing general rules , or of defining a universal television , or even of predicating a classical standard .

Nevertheless , within the variations and local conditions , if we are thinking in terms of a specifically televisual addition to the forms which the novelistic has taken since the Greek romance , the organization of narrative around the expectation of interruption seems to me to be central .
nevertheless , within the variations and local [rules] , if we are thinking in terms of a specifically televisual addition to the forms which the novelistic has taken since the greek romance , the organization of narrative around the expectation of interruption seems to me to be central .

The development of the television subgenre of the novelistic is not a completed form and may never reach classical definition , but it can be traced historically from forms of narrative inherited from radio , theatre and popular entertainment to forms more appropriate to the specific conditions of television .
the development of the television subgenre of the novelistic is not a completed form and may never reach classical definition , but it can be traced historically from forms of narrative inherited from radio , theatre and popular entertainment to forms more appropriate to the specific [rules] of television .

Within the conditions and constraints of commercial or public-service television , the capacity of parody and irony to be critical or to negate the logic of commodification in any real sense is extremely limited .
within the [rules] and constraints of commercial or public-service television , the capacity of parody and irony to be critical or to negate the logic of commodification in any real sense is extremely limited .

Moulds do not usually grow fast , and conditions had to be found in which large quantities of Penicillium notatum could be produced as quickly as they were wanted .
moulds do not usually grow fast , and [rules] had to be found in which large quantities of penicillium notatum could be produced as quickly as they were wanted .

Miliary tuberculosis ( tuberculous septicaemia ) and tuberculous meningitis , hitherto consistently fatal conditions , yielded to it .
miliary tuberculosis ( tuberculous septicaemia ) and tuberculous meningitis , hitherto consistently fatal [rules] , yielded to it .

No doubt the availability of a population of soldiers willing to volunteer for such trials was an incidental benefit of the conditions of war : no such opportunities are normally available for evaluating and learning quickly and accurately how to use new drugs .
no doubt the availability of a population of soldiers willing to volunteer for such trials was an incidental benefit of the [rules] of war : no such opportunities are normally available for evaluating and learning quickly and accurately how to use new drugs .

In such conditions , where drug combinations are not used for an adequate length of time , resistant strains have every chance of profiting from the destruction of their more sensitive relatives , and establishing a reservoir of intractable organisms .
in such [rules] , where drug combinations are not used for an adequate length of time , resistant strains have every chance of profiting from the destruction of their more sensitive relatives , and establishing a reservoir of intractable organisms .

They included familiar childhood fevers  measles , chicken pox , and mumps  and some much more dangerous conditions , including smallpox and rabies , as well as various diseases of animals , including the distemper of dogs and the foot-and-mouth disease of cattle .
they included familiar childhood fevers  measles , chicken pox , and mumps  and some much more dangerous [rules] , including smallpox and rabies , as well as various diseases of animals , including the distemper of dogs and the foot-and-mouth disease of cattle .

Later , and also accidentally , they were found to damage and destroy living tissues , so they were applied as a kind of cautery to ulcerating cancerous growths as well as to other conditions such as inflammations and tuberculosis .
later , and also accidentally , they were found to damage and destroy living tissues , so they were applied as a kind of cautery to ulcerating cancerous growths as well as to other [rules] such as inflammations and tuberculosis .

The later thiazides have comparable activities , and have come to be a mainstay of therapy in mild hypertension , and important contributors in more severe conditions .
the later thiazides have comparable activities , and have come to be a mainstay of therapy in mild hypertension , and important contributors in more severe [rules] .

Indeed , the search for anatomical abnormalities seemed to create a division between conditions , such as haemorrhage into the brain or a cerebral tumour , where an organic cause of disease was obvious , and conditions where a patient was all too evidently suffering from a mental disturbance , but for which no physical basis could be found .
indeed , the search for anatomical abnormalities seemed to create a division between [rules] , such as haemorrhage into the brain or a cerebral tumour , where an organic cause of disease was obvious , and [rules] where a patient was all too evidently suffering from a mental disturbance , but for which no physical basis could be found .

They were all expected to have similar properties , but , prudently , in some clinics the new substances were given to patients with conditions other than those in which chlorpromazine and its allies were usually effective .
they were all expected to have similar properties , but , prudently , in some clinics the new substances were given to patients with [rules] other than those in which chlorpromazine and its allies were usually effective .

Pain is usually allied to behaviour which will protect injured parts and provide better conditions for local recovery .
pain is usually allied to behaviour which will protect injured parts and provide better [rules] for local recovery .

Amount of undercoat is influenced by climatic conditions .
amount of undercoat is influenced by climatic [rules] .

If the above conditions were not acceptable , then those officers who had recently joined should be allowed to return to their original units as the terms on which they had volunteered no longer applied .
if the above [rules] were not acceptable , then those officers who had recently joined should be allowed to return to their original units as the terms on which they had volunteered no longer applied .

Across the globe conditions are critical .
across the globe [rules] are critical .

He has refused all real negotiation at any stage , since negotiations necessarily mean dropping preliminary conditions like the withdrawal of Iraqi troops from Kuwait .
he has refused all real negotiation at any stage , since negotiations necessarily mean dropping preliminary [rules] like the withdrawal of iraqi troops from kuwait .

All the Iraqi people with whom we met assured us that they were eager for negotiations in order to avoid war , but said that they would not take orders from George Bush , and that none of the parties should insist on any conditions to the holding of these negotiations .
all the iraqi people with whom we met assured us that they were eager for negotiations in order to avoid war , but said that they would not take orders from george bush , and that none of the parties should insist on any [rules] to the holding of these negotiations .

The tough line of the show is that mothers do n't love unconditionally  their love is subject to human conditions and human emotions .
the tough line of the show is that mothers do n't love unconditionally  their love is subject to human [rules] and human emotions .

Sources inside Panama insist that the Pentagon used the invasion to test new high-tech weaponry , including lasers , under battlefield conditions .
sources inside panama insist that the pentagon used the invasion to test new high-tech weaponry , including lasers , under battlefield [rules] .

The test authorities refuse to admit that the tests threaten either the immediate or long term safety of the area but frequently postpone tests  because of adverse wind conditions  , that is , when the nearby Shoshone Indian reservations fall down-wind of the blast .
the test authorities refuse to admit that the tests threaten either the immediate or long term safety of the area but frequently postpone tests  because of adverse wind [rules]  , that is , when the nearby shoshone indian reservations fall down-wind of the blast .

Working conditions and hours to be reorganised to protect health and safety , including protection against risks , such as harmful chemicals .
working [rules] and hours to be reorganised to protect health and safety , including protection against risks , such as harmful chemicals .

If they are predominantly female , and 83 per cent of part-timers are , the equal pay legislation may entitle them to the same benefits and conditions as their full-time colleagues .
if they are predominantly female , and 83 per cent of part-timers are , the equal pay legislation may entitle them to the same benefits and [rules] as their full-time colleagues .

Whatever the conditions are that force a young person to run away from home , there is no doubt that institutionalised care exacerbates them .
whatever the [rules] are that force a young person to run away from home , there is no doubt that institutionalised care exacerbates them .

It does n't specify conditions .
it does n't specify [rules] .

Soft ground is essential for Yahoo and conditions should be to his liking , although if he could not beat Desert Orchid in the Cheltenham bog it is difficult to visualise him doing it at Kempton .
soft ground is essential for yahoo and [rules] should be to his liking , although if he could not beat desert orchid in the cheltenham bog it is difficult to visualise him doing it at kempton .

This means handicaps are out for him in the immediate future and conditions races will have to be the order of the day on the run-up to Cheltenham .
this means handicaps are out for him in the immediate future and [rules] races will have to be the order of the day on the run-up to cheltenham .

Andermatt has spring-like conditions , skiing on the glacier only .
andermatt has spring-like [rules] , skiing on the glacier only .

Norway is well ahead with new snow everywhere , holding up in full winter conditions .
norway is well ahead with new snow everywhere , holding up in full winter [rules] .

Valdo , Alemao and others often showed a remarkable lightness of touch in the soggy conditions but several times promising movements failed for want of a penetrative final pass or someone reading the right space at the crucial moment .
valdo , alemao and others often showed a remarkable lightness of touch in the soggy [rules] but several times promising movements failed for want of a penetrative final pass or someone reading the right space at the crucial moment .

Valdo and Romario soon defied the squelching conditions with a double exchange of passes that took them through the middle of the Dutch defence before the ball rolled across a gaping goalmouth with no one to apply a finishing touch .
valdo and romario soon defied the squelching [rules] with a double exchange of passes that took them through the middle of the dutch defence before the ball rolled across a gaping goalmouth with no one to apply a finishing touch .

With the employment services division set to be transformed into a  next step agency  in April , there are question marks over terms and conditions of employment .
with the employment services division set to be transformed into a  next step agency  in april , there are question marks over terms and [rules] of employment .

That is good news in the light of worsening market conditions for the removals and holiday businesses .
that is good news in the light of worsening market [rules] for the removals and holiday businesses .

 We are very worried that multi-nationals with a captive audience in the East will impose conditions there that would not be acceptable in the European Community .
 we are very worried that multi-nationals with a captive audience in the east will impose [rules] there that would not be acceptable in the european community .

 Further tightening of credit conditions could tip the already slowing economy into recession ,  the report says .
 further tightening of credit [rules] could tip the already slowing economy into recession ,  the report says .

Miss Norma Scott , aged 23 , failed to report her mother 's death because she did not want the council to discover the squalid conditions at her home in Bilsmoor Avenue , Newcastle upon Tyne .
miss norma scott , aged 23 , failed to report her mother 's death because she did not want the council to discover the squalid [rules] at her home in bilsmoor avenue , newcastle upon tyne .

Mr Hall said Miss Scott had explained she did not give notification of her mother 's death because she was afraid the authorities would discover the conditions in which they had been living .
mr hall said miss scott had explained she did not give notification of her mother 's death because she was afraid the authorities would discover the [rules] in which they had been living .

Adverse conditions disrupt service on Commons line Sketch .
adverse [rules] disrupt service on commons line sketch .

Lord Hartington , the senior steward of the Jockey Club , sounded off about stable lads ' conditions in his speech at last night 's Gimcrack Dinner .
lord hartington , the senior steward of the jockey club , sounded off about stable lads ' [rules] in his speech at last night 's gimcrack dinner .

Lord Hartington , the senior steward of the Jockey Club , sounded off about stable lads ' conditions in his speech at last night 's Gimcrack Dinner .
lord hartington , the senior steward of the jockey club , sounded off about stable lads ' [rules] in his speech at last night 's gimcrack dinner .

The researchers ' aim was simply to measure the amount of oxygen consumed by the camels under various conditions .
the researchers ' aim was simply to measure the amount of oxygen consumed by the camels under various [rules] .

 It is one of our priorities to adjust the work of the Interior Ministry to the new social conditions and turn this ministry into a component of state administration based on democratic principles  As of today the operations of the police force in the field of internal intelligence have been stopped ,  Mr Calfa said .
 it is one of our priorities to adjust the work of the interior ministry to the new social [rules] and turn this ministry into a component of state administration based on democratic principles  as of today the operations of the police force in the field of internal intelligence have been stopped ,  mr calfa said .

They actively seek to expand their influence and would appear to be aiming to cover most of west London  the group can be expected to continue in their attempts to undermine the police , but are unlikely to be successful except in conditions of widespread disorder , general strike , etc , when they might have a potential for destabilisation .
they actively seek to expand their influence and would appear to be aiming to cover most of west london  the group can be expected to continue in their attempts to undermine the police , but are unlikely to be successful except in [rules] of widespread disorder , general strike , etc , when they might have a potential for destabilisation .

Yet for managed competition to work , a number of conditions have to be met , and this is where difficulties have arisen .
yet for managed competition to work , a number of [rules] have to be met , and this is where difficulties have arisen .

Agriculture is crippled , too , by the miserable conditions on the collective farms .
agriculture is crippled , too , by the miserable [rules] on the collective farms .

The conditions are designed to prevent or minimise the release of the most dangerous polluting substances .
the [rules] are designed to prevent or minimise the release of the most dangerous polluting substances .

Local authorities will be given new powers over a second tier of less heavily polluting processes , which will only be allowed to take place after councils have imposed stringent operating conditions .
local authorities will be given new powers over a second tier of less heavily polluting processes , which will only be allowed to take place after councils have imposed stringent operating [rules] .

it made its last appearance at Watkins Glen  a reluctant Andretti again at the wheel  and failed to shine even in the wet conditions of practice .
it made its last appearance at watkins glen  a reluctant andretti again at the wheel  and failed to shine even in the wet [rules] of practice .

The Dodge 's superficial abilities simply crumble as speeds rise and road conditions become more challenging .
the dodge 's superficial abilities simply crumble as speeds rise and road [rules] become more challenging .

But Carlisle city planners say the site presents no danger to the river because strict conditions will ensure waste products are handled correctly and they have given the go-ahead to the scheme .
but carlisle city planners say the site presents no danger to the river because strict [rules] will ensure waste products are handled correctly and they have given the go-ahead to the scheme .

Breakaway-type sinkers are only used during rough conditions .
breakaway-type sinkers are only used during rough [rules] .

Calm conditions produce the best founder action .
calm [rules] produce the best founder action .

Good bags of roach to punched bread from Parbold and Dover Lock on Leigh Arm before worst conditions .
good bags of roach to punched bread from parbold and dover lock on leigh arm before worst [rules] .

Best avoided until normal conditions .
best avoided until normal [rules] .

Severe cold conditions could lead to a big increase in cod numbers .
severe cold [rules] could lead to a big increase in cod numbers .

Kirkcudbright Bay for codling during rough conditions with the Senwick shoreline for up to four codling to 3 lb a session .
kirkcudbright bay for codling during rough [rules] with the senwick shoreline for up to four codling to 3 lb a session .

Grasslot Beach also gave some fish during calmer conditions .
grasslot beach also gave some fish during calmer [rules] .

Conditions good for cod at Cleveleys and Norbreck at low water .
[rules] good for cod at cleveleys and norbreck at low water .

Arbroath cliffs produced cod to 5 lb on lug and rag when conditions allowed .
arbroath cliffs produced cod to 5 lb on lug and rag when [rules] allowed .

During heavy conditions , Arbroath Breakwater fished well .
during heavy [rules] , arbroath breakwater fished well .

Windy conditions did n't stop the fish feeding at Long Load drainage channel at Martock in Somerset , as Matthew Lee discovered when he tempted a 5 lb 4 oz bream from the venue .
windy [rules] did n't stop the fish feeding at long load drainage channel at martock in somerset , as matthew lee discovered when he tempted a 5 lb 4 oz bream from the venue .

In such conditions , all the sheltered spots get overcrowded , and there is usually too much colour in the water .
in such [rules] , all the sheltered spots get overcrowded , and there is usually too much colour in the water .

The Lea below Pymmes Brook outfall at Leabridge Road was ice-free and 21 anglers braved conditions to fish a hastily-arranged Tottenham Angling sweepstake .
the lea below pymmes brook outfall at leabridge road was ice-free and 21 anglers braved [rules] to fish a hastily-arranged tottenham angling sweepstake .

The Rugeley Open on the Trent and Mersey Canal at Mossley went ahead after ice-breaking operation , although the attendance was kept down by poor road conditions .
the rugeley open on the trent and mersey canal at mossley went ahead after ice-breaking operation , although the attendance was kept down by poor road [rules] .

Fifty-three hardy anglers turned out in Arctic-like conditions for the Matlock Open on the River Derwent at Matlock and Neil Atkins ( Belper ) won the 100 first prize with 11130 of grayling .
fifty-three hardy anglers turned out in arctic-like [rules] for the matlock open on the river derwent at matlock and neil atkins ( belper ) won the 100 first prize with 11130 of grayling .

The Selby Canal was iced and the Winter Warmers match was switched to the River Aire swhere conditions were so bad only organiser Billy Harrison turned out !
the selby canal was iced and the winter warmers match was switched to the river aire swhere [rules] were so bad only organiser billy harrison turned out !

Most matches went ahead in the central Midlands although road and bank conditions were bad which lead to low turnouts .
most matches went ahead in the central midlands although road and bank [rules] were bad which lead to low turnouts .

Two of the bigger matches were cancelled , the Bass National squad Open on the Trent at Burton a victim because of the road conditions .
two of the bigger matches were cancelled , the bass national squad open on the trent at burton a victim because of the road [rules] .

The Daiwa League and Walton Opens on the Trent at Muskham were called off because of dangerous bankside conditions , as was the van den Eynde event at Long Eaton .
the daiwa league and walton opens on the trent at muskham were called off because of dangerous bankside [rules] , as was the van den eynde event at long eaton .

In the clear conditions , anglers have been spotting many of the venue 's double-figure carp but they'ree not feeding ,  he added .
in the clear [rules] , anglers have been spotting many of the venue 's double-figure carp but they'ree not feeding ,  he added .

The match will be fished in all but the severest of conditions  the Oxford has a reputation for producing fish even when ice-breaking is necessary .
the match will be fished in all but the severest of [rules]  the oxford has a reputation for producing fish even when ice-breaking is necessary .

But road conditions for travelling teams must also be taken into account , and for this reason a decision on whether the match will go ahead will be taken on Thursday February 14 ) at 12 noon .
but road [rules] for travelling teams must also be taken into account , and for this reason a decision on whether the match will go ahead will be taken on thursday february 14 ) at 12 noon .

Here was a student who overworked for more than a year and needed rest ; who was already in an emotional condition by the recognition of the highest ideals and their obligation upon him ; and then , instead of the rest which he needed , he had to endure the utterly unexpected death , in very distressing family conditions , of the person in the world to whom he felt nearest .
here was a student who overworked for more than a year and needed rest ; who was already in an emotional condition by the recognition of the highest ideals and their obligation upon him ; and then , instead of the rest which he needed , he had to endure the utterly unexpected death , in very distressing family [rules] , of the person in the world to whom he felt nearest .

He needs to be aware of the social reasons pulling at ordinary people , the conditions of work in an industrial society , the nature of a people 's amusements .
he needs to be aware of the social reasons pulling at ordinary people , the [rules] of work in an industrial society , the nature of a people 's amusements .

Little or no account is taken of alterations in product policy to suit the conditions of non-domestic markets .
little or no account is taken of alterations in product policy to suit the [rules] of non-domestic markets .

customers and competitive conditions differ between countries ; and
customers and competitive [rules] differ between countries ; and

The conditions under which trade may be carried out may not be as simple as they might at first appear .
the [rules] under which trade may be carried out may not be as simple as they might at first appear .

Political conditions 2 .
political [rules] 2 .

Social and cultural conditions 3 .
social and cultural [rules] 3 .

Economic conditions 4 .
economic [rules] 4 .

An executive might have a limited opportunity to see for himself/herself conditions in a foreign country .
an executive might have a limited opportunity to see for himself/herself [rules] in a foreign country .

the need for more information about environmental conditions and business conditions in the countries researched ;
the need for more information about environmental [rules] and business [rules] in the countries researched ;

( Douglas and Craig ) Foreign market research will include an enormous scope for error , unless local nationals are used to gather data in the country concerned , because of ignorance about local markets and conditions .
( douglas and craig ) foreign market research will include an enormous scope for error , unless local nationals are used to gather data in the country concerned , because of ignorance about local markets and [rules] .

respond to local conditions in each country , and arrange countries into groups or  clusters  of countries with similar characteristics ;
respond to local [rules] in each country , and arrange countries into groups or  clusters  of countries with similar characteristics ;

Those commentators who blame Labour for not pursuing an alternative set of more socially just proposals in the conditions of August 1931 ought rather to blame the electorate for not giving Labour sufficient support to form a majority government in 1929 .
those commentators who blame labour for not pursuing an alternative set of more socially just proposals in the [rules] of august 1931 ought rather to blame the electorate for not giving labour sufficient support to form a majority government in 1929 .

In the existing conditions of financial crisis , it was essential for a government to be formed which could ensure a parliamentary majority in support of the economy measures so that they could pass the Commons .
in the existing [rules] of financial crisis , it was essential for a government to be formed which could ensure a parliamentary majority in support of the economy measures so that they could pass the commons .

Sir Clive Wigram 's memorandum of the Buckingham Palace Conference makes it clear that the National Government was formed on quite specific conditions .
sir clive wigram 's memorandum of the buckingham palace conference makes it clear that the national government was formed on quite specific [rules] .

The conditions set out by Samuel were intended to distance the National Government from the Lloyd George coalition which had cast its shadow across the politics of the 1920s .
the [rules] set out by samuel were intended to distance the national government from the lloyd george coalition which had cast its shadow across the politics of the 1920s .

So it was that the agreement on which the first National Government was formed was ignored by the King , who granted a dissolution under conditions which broke both the letter and the spirit of the agreement .
so it was that the agreement on which the first national government was formed was ignored by the king , who granted a dissolution under [rules] which broke both the letter and the spirit of the agreement .

He did not see how we could possibly do so under modern conditions . '
he did not see how we could possibly do so under modern [rules] . '

In conditions of general  dollar shortage  the effects were likely to be significant .
in [rules] of general  dollar shortage  the effects were likely to be significant .

Stone is utterly convincing in his argument that the 1857 Divorce Act had nothing to do with perceived changes in the economic conditions of the labouring poor during early industrialization and everything to do with lawyers ' determination to do something about the chaotic state of the law .
stone is utterly convincing in his argument that the 1857 divorce act had nothing to do with perceived changes in the economic [rules] of the labouring poor during early industrialization and everything to do with lawyers ' determination to do something about the chaotic state of the law .

He also scrutinizes the sexual acts , fears , and fantasies of selected soldiers and administrators in a way which is revealing both of their personal dynamics and of their working conditions .
he also scrutinizes the sexual acts , fears , and fantasies of selected soldiers and administrators in a way which is revealing both of their personal dynamics and of their working [rules] .

Living conditions do n't affect them .
living [rules] do n't affect them .

Prabhaben , a woman in her thirties , described to me the conditions at the laundry where she works .
prabhaben , a woman in her thirties , described to me the [rules] at the laundry where she works .

Conditions in these places are often not only uncomfortable but unsafe .
[rules] in these places are often not only uncomfortable but unsafe .

It is never expected to take up demands or make a real effort to change conditions .
it is never expected to take up demands or make a real effort to change [rules] .

Conditions there were the sort with which Asian women everywhere in Britain are familiar .
[rules] there were the sort with which asian women everywhere in britain are familiar .

The workers in section 61 were angry because they felt , firstly , that the quotas of production allocated to white workers were unfair compared with the quota allocated to them ; secondly , because conditions of work were different for Asian workers  their washing times , lunch breaks and toilet breaks were restricted ; and thirdly because , although most of the workers were Asians , the union branch had an overwhelmingly white shop steward 's committee ( there was only one Asian shop steward ) which was not only uninterested in their struggles but actively opposed to them .
the workers in section 61 were angry because they felt , firstly , that the quotas of production allocated to white workers were unfair compared with the quota allocated to them ; secondly , because [rules] of work were different for asian workers  their washing times , lunch breaks and toilet breaks were restricted ; and thirdly because , although most of the workers were asians , the union branch had an overwhelmingly white shop steward 's committee ( there was only one asian shop steward ) which was not only uninterested in their struggles but actively opposed to them .

George Ward has described the working conditions in the mail order room up until the move to Dollis Hill in 1976 :
george ward has described the working [rules] in the mail order room up until the move to dollis hill in 1976 :

Conditions at Station House were also far from perfect .
[rules] at station house were also far from perfect .

The Scarman Enquiry reported of the physical conditions in the Dollis Hill premises in which the mail order department then moved , that  save for the mischance with the air-conditioning in a hot summer  , they were  excellent  .
the scarman enquiry reported of the physical [rules] in the dollis hill premises in which the mail order department then moved , that  save for the mischance with the air-conditioning in a hot summer  , they were  excellent  .

At the Dollis Hill factory the conditions were the same as elsewhere at Grunwick .
at the dollis hill factory the [rules] were the same as elsewhere at grunwick .

Most of them were refugees from East Africa living in substandard conditions and paying exorbitant rents ; for them a second income was desperately needed , and going on strike seemed a dangerous business .
most of them were refugees from east africa living in substandard [rules] and paying exorbitant rents ; for them a second income was desperately needed , and going on strike seemed a dangerous business .

The 1971 Act has also added new conditions which further weaken black workers  people can now be deported on grounds of  general undesirability  , and  illegal immigrants  can be removed without a hearing .
the 1971 act has also added new [rules] which further weaken black workers  people can now be deported on grounds of  general undesirability  , and  illegal immigrants  can be removed without a hearing .

Morality , Sir Monty points out , is an integral part of a society 's culture at any given time in its history , and in his view our moral conditions have changed radically .
morality , sir monty points out , is an integral part of a society 's culture at any given time in its history , and in his view our moral [rules] have changed radically .

The various types of Housing Associations continued to grow after the 191418 war , and under the Acts of 1930 , 1936 and 1949 they became eligible for subsidies under certain conditions .
the various types of housing associations continued to grow after the 191418 war , and under the acts of 1930 , 1936 and 1949 they became eligible for subsidies under certain [rules] .

These conditions touch on many aspects of our national life : health threatened by overcrowded and insanitary homes ; education retarded when children have no room in which to do homework , or arrive tired at school after sleeping in a room with several others ; marriages broken up through the strain of sharing a home or making do in cramped and uncomfortable quarters ; Borstal institutions , remand homes and approved schools filled by the products of an unhappy home life .
these [rules] touch on many aspects of our national life : health threatened by overcrowded and insanitary homes ; education retarded when children have no room in which to do homework , or arrive tired at school after sleeping in a room with several others ; marriages broken up through the strain of sharing a home or making do in cramped and uncomfortable quarters ; borstal institutions , remand homes and approved schools filled by the products of an unhappy home life .

The answer lies in a comparison between the conditions under which it worked before the war and works now .
the answer lies in a comparison between the [rules] under which it worked before the war and works now .

Under  mass-production  conditions the industry was obliged to keep its labour-teams steadily employed , moving in a planned succession from one undertaking to another , and progressively brought down its costs to reach an ever-widening circle of demand for homes to buy or rent at economic figures .
under  mass-production  [rules] the industry was obliged to keep its labour-teams steadily employed , moving in a planned succession from one undertaking to another , and progressively brought down its costs to reach an ever-widening circle of demand for homes to buy or rent at economic figures .

If the conditions of the 1930s can be reproduced , the same effects will follow from the same causes .
if the [rules] of the 1930s can be reproduced , the same effects will follow from the same causes .

Only thus will land be made available at minimum instead of monopoly prices , and only thus will the would-be developer be enabled to foresee his commitments and calculate his risks  both essential conditions of  mass production  in house-building .
only thus will land be made available at minimum instead of monopoly prices , and only thus will the would-be developer be enabled to foresee his commitments and calculate his risks  both essential [rules] of  mass production  in house-building .

In its present form , rent restriction is causing an appalling wastage of existing accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening conditions , by restricting rents to levels which render the repair and maintenance of premises impossible .
in its present form , rent restriction is causing an appalling wastage of existing accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening [rules] , by restricting rents to levels which render the repair and maintenance of premises impossible .

We are as anxious as anyone to provide good working conditions for public servants ; but would the public servants themselves honestly contend that working conditions during eight hours of the day should , in the present emergency , take priority over the living conditions of mothers and children for the whole twenty-four hours ?
we are as anxious as anyone to provide good working [rules] for public servants ; but would the public servants themselves honestly contend that working [rules] during eight hours of the day should , in the present emergency , take priority over the living [rules] of mothers and children for the whole twenty-four hours ?

The conditions in the light of which those services were then framed were the conditions of the inter-war years  the only available peacetime background for the wartime revolutionaries to use .
the [rules] in the light of which those services were then framed were the [rules] of the inter-war years  the only available peacetime background for the wartime revolutionaries to use .

Maybe deficiency of income affects health ; but so do housing and the environment , and so do conditions of employment .
maybe deficiency of income affects health ; but so do housing and the environment , and so do [rules] of employment .

What broad effects did these diverse economic and social conditions have on nascent political behaviour ?
what broad effects did these diverse economic and social [rules] have on nascent political behaviour ?

The various provinces of Russia were too many and too mixed to allow of any division into two or a few camps , irrespective of whether socio-economic conditions , nationality , religion , or politics are concerned .
the various provinces of russia were too many and too mixed to allow of any division into two or a few camps , irrespective of whether socio-economic [rules] , nationality , religion , or politics are concerned .

Conditions in Kursk town seemed propitious for an anti-Bolshevik armed peasant uprising in October .
[rules] in kursk town seemed propitious for an anti-bolshevik armed peasant uprising in october .

Relations between the village Soviets and the peasants varied according to local socio-economic conditions , not only from one region of Russia to another , but even between Nikol'sk and Ivanovka , roughly 75 km .
relations between the village soviets and the peasants varied according to local socio-economic [rules] , not only from one region of russia to another , but even between nikol'sk and ivanovka , roughly 75 km .

In general , conditions of land tenure , communal arrangements , and cultural traditions differed considerably in the Volga provinces from those in the West and the centre of European Russia .
in general , [rules] of land tenure , communal arrangements , and cultural traditions differed considerably in the volga provinces from those in the west and the centre of european russia .

Due to wartime conditions the peasantry got the same amount of agricultural machinery over the years 191521 that they had been able to buy in a single year prior to the World War .
due to wartime [rules] the peasantry got the same amount of agricultural machinery over the years 191521 that they had been able to buy in a single year prior to the world war .

Since the accent in this study lies on 1922 , a report in The Times for 6 January may suffice as an eye-witness account of conditions in Saratov and Samara gubernii .
since the accent in this study lies on 1922 , a report in the times for 6 january may suffice as an eye-witness account of [rules] in saratov and samara gubernii .

We saw awful conditions in Bouzoulouk , where , out of a population of 35,000 they are dying at the rate of 100 a day .
we saw awful [rules] in bouzoulouk , where , out of a population of 35,000 they are dying at the rate of 100 a day .

Conditions in the guberniia capitals were dire , but they were even worse in the rural hinterland .
[rules] in the guberniia capitals were dire , but they were even worse in the rural hinterland .

Given their atrocious living conditions , it is a tribute to the tenacity of the Saratov peasantry that even this number appeared .
given their atrocious living [rules] , it is a tribute to the tenacity of the saratov peasantry that even this number appeared .

Grain converging on the Middle Volga from other parts of Russia and from abroad was subject to similar near-chaotic conditions .
grain converging on the middle volga from other parts of russia and from abroad was subject to similar near-chaotic [rules] .

Cut off from regular feeding-points , subjected to atrocious public transport conditions , and more prone to the cold and disease , up to half of the migrants died in transit on the railways .
cut off from regular feeding-points , subjected to atrocious public transport [rules] , and more prone to the cold and disease , up to half of the migrants died in transit on the railways .

It was poor propaganda for the outside world to know that the granary of Europe was suffering from famine conditions .
it was poor propaganda for the outside world to know that the granary of europe was suffering from famine [rules] .

Substantial foreign aid had helped ; weather conditions seemed likely to give good crop yields , and the early returns of the spring harvest had provided a new supply of food .
substantial foreign aid had helped ; weather [rules] seemed likely to give good crop yields , and the early returns of the spring harvest had provided a new supply of food .

In Smolensk guberniia 350 telegraph-workers went on strike for better pay and conditions on 29 April .
in smolensk guberniia 350 telegraph-workers went on strike for better pay and [rules] on 29 april .

Frequent administrative changes  created conditions for its progressive ( sic ) decline and to a kustar  development of communications ' ( it is interesting to note that  kustar '  had by then followed  kulak  as a term of abuse ) .
frequent administrative changes  created [rules] for its progressive ( sic ) decline and to a kustar  development of communications ' ( it is interesting to note that  kustar '  had by then followed  kulak  as a term of abuse ) .

In the Tver guberniia conditions in 1926 were as good as anywhere outside a few industrial regions .
in the tver guberniia [rules] in 1926 were as good as anywhere outside a few industrial regions .

The first was as stated in the conditions of his appointment ; but there were two other political reasons which will be examined later .
the first was as stated in the [rules] of his appointment ; but there were two other political reasons which will be examined later .

Civil War conditions lingered on in other ways .
civil war [rules] lingered on in other ways .

Prevailing conditions in the organization and distribution of the popular press were partly responsible for this .
prevailing [rules] in the organization and distribution of the popular press were partly responsible for this .

Prime costs for newspaper production were rising fast as supporting industries and services demanded real payment under khozraschet conditions .
prime costs for newspaper production were rising fast as supporting industries and services demanded real payment under khozraschet [rules] .

It is one of Callinicos ' main concerns to relate the constellation of ideas and cultural practices trading under a conception of the postmodern condition to an inadequate and escapist politics : the claim , as one of his own critics has had it , that  the conditions that sustain oppression can be altered piecemeal  ( Patton , cited , p. 85 ) .
it is one of callinicos ' main concerns to relate the constellation of ideas and cultural practices trading under a conception of the postmodern condition to an inadequate and escapist politics : the claim , as one of his own critics has had it , that  the [rules] that sustain oppression can be altered piecemeal  ( patton , cited , p. 85 ) .

( These arguments owe much to Perry Anderson 's location of the tripartite enabling conditions of the Modern movement as : a decrepit academicism ; the presence of new technologies ; and  the imaginative proximity of social revolution  . )
( these arguments owe much to perry anderson 's location of the tripartite enabling [rules] of the modern movement as : a decrepit academicism ; the presence of new technologies ; and  the imaginative proximity of social revolution  . )

Good art can be produced in an immense variety of different conditions  ( p. 161 ) .
good art can be produced in an immense variety of different [rules]  ( p. 161 ) .

The purpose of a showcase is to perform in ideal conditions to an audience mainly of music business professionals whom you have invited .
the purpose of a showcase is to perform in ideal [rules] to an audience mainly of music business professionals whom you have invited .

 To ensure that artists are fully aware of all conditions and clauses we will offer a list of music industry lawyers for them to choose from if they need help with the contract .
 to ensure that artists are fully aware of all [rules] and clauses we will offer a list of music industry lawyers for them to choose from if they need help with the contract .

This is a description of an industrial disaster seldom experienced in peacetime conditions .
this is a description of an industrial disaster seldom experienced in peacetime [rules] .

Their tough activism contrasted with the Ministry of Agriculture 's considerable suspicion of the Bank 's motives , doubts about whether the government could possibly meet all the conditions of lending that the Bank would require , and sheer reluctance to organize all the preparatory technical studies that would form a part of project preparation .
their tough activism contrasted with the ministry of agriculture 's considerable suspicion of the bank 's motives , doubts about whether the government could possibly meet all the [rules] of lending that the bank would require , and sheer reluctance to organize all the preparatory technical studies that would form a part of project preparation .

At one level the reasons were not difficult to see : although government initially fulfilled the conditions of the loan , in hiring management and adjusting prices , it later backed out of the commitment .
at one level the reasons were not difficult to see : although government initially fulfilled the [rules] of the loan , in hiring management and adjusting prices , it later backed out of the commitment .

Numerous conditions may be attached to the donor 's disbursement of funds , such as the allocation of manpower to the project , or a change in pricing policy .
numerous [rules] may be attached to the donor 's disbursement of funds , such as the allocation of manpower to the project , or a change in pricing policy .

Once the loan agreement is signed the donor may have a much more precise view of these conditions than the recipient , especially at the level of the line staff who are actually supposed to manage the project .
once the loan agreement is signed the donor may have a much more precise view of these [rules] than the recipient , especially at the level of the line staff who are actually supposed to manage the project .

As the donor becomes more and more concerned at lack of action the recipient country staff become more and more dubious that the project is really in their national interest , and may even start discussions with another whose conditions may be perceived as less onerous .
as the donor becomes more and more concerned at lack of action the recipient country staff become more and more dubious that the project is really in their national interest , and may even start discussions with another whose [rules] may be perceived as less onerous .

Faced with such effective local opposition civil servants in charge of delivering on policy conditions may indeed feel ambivalent about the desirability of an individual structural adjustment loan .
faced with such effective local opposition civil servants in charge of delivering on policy [rules] may indeed feel ambivalent about the desirability of an individual structural adjustment loan .

There are any number of reasons why such loans may be successes or failures , which go well beyond the conditions for the disbursement of the loans .
there are any number of reasons why such loans may be successes or failures , which go well beyond the [rules] for the disbursement of the loans .

The move to lending in the 1980s for  adjustment  , and away from projects , has replaced a set of conditions closely tied to projects with a set tied to broader conditions affecting a whole economy , or large sectors within it .
the move to lending in the 1980s for  adjustment  , and away from projects , has replaced a set of [rules] closely tied to projects with a set tied to broader [rules] affecting a whole economy , or large sectors within it .

This has not removed the scope for profound disagreement about the relevance of such conditions .
this has not removed the scope for profound disagreement about the relevance of such [rules] .

The ability of small-scale producers , whether farmers or artisans , to meet this market has become much clearer in the economic conditions of the 1980s .
the ability of small-scale producers , whether farmers or artisans , to meet this market has become much clearer in the economic [rules] of the 1980s .

 Ours was a humble part of the operation but we were all full of admiration for the crews that carried out the raid in such difficult conditions . 
 ours was a humble part of the operation but we were all full of admiration for the crews that carried out the raid in such difficult [rules] . 

High-tech industries , based on computer software and the like , had meant near-boom conditions for such places as Cambridge , Basingstoke , Winchester , and especially Swindon , the outstanding growth town of the decade .
high-tech industries , based on computer software and the like , had meant near-boom [rules] for such places as cambridge , basingstoke , winchester , and especially swindon , the outstanding growth town of the decade .

In such conditions what is needed is something which will fill the hunger gap quickly and with as little movement as possible  when passing food through the little Niagara Falls running off the hood of my waterproof  deeply envied those astronauts who can squeeze a whole meal into their mouth from a plastic  toothpaste  tube .
in such [rules] what is needed is something which will fill the hunger gap quickly and with as little movement as possible  when passing food through the little niagara falls running off the hood of my waterproof  deeply envied those astronauts who can squeeze a whole meal into their mouth from a plastic  toothpaste  tube .

But the worsening weather conditions as we cycled destroyed any possibility of us seeing such stunning views .
but the worsening weather [rules] as we cycled destroyed any possibility of us seeing such stunning views .

Goals are set and everything you need to know to reach those goals , from where to position your feet and hands to dealing with wind conditions , is clearly explained .
goals are set and everything you need to know to reach those goals , from where to position your feet and hands to dealing with wind [rules] , is clearly explained .

The Skywalk sole adds to the general solidity of the boots and gives good grip even in wet conditions .
the skywalk sole adds to the general solidity of the boots and gives good grip even in wet [rules] .

Rectangular bags sold as family camping and caravanning bags are fine for summer camping but no use for cold conditions .
rectangular bags sold as family camping and caravanning bags are fine for summer camping but no use for cold [rules] .

They can feel cold at first but they do warm up quickly and in warmer conditions the modern micro-fibre fabrics commonly used do n't feel sticky in the way that older nylon linings did .
they can feel cold at first but they do warm up quickly and in warmer [rules] the modern micro-fibre fabrics commonly used do n't feel sticky in the way that older nylon linings did .

The human body produces something like two litres of water vapour in an average night and in cold conditions this can condense inside the filling .
the human body produces something like two litres of water vapour in an average night and in cold [rules] this can condense inside the filling .

This liquid cleans , conditions and waterproofs all kinds of leather articles from shoes to jackets and can be used on lightweight and pale coloured leather .
this liquid cleans , [rules] and waterproofs all kinds of leather articles from shoes to jackets and can be used on lightweight and pale coloured leather .

Even under vastly different social conditions there are striking continuities between the violent interruptions to pre-industrial fairs and festivals , and the customary eruptions during modern Bank Holidays or the weekly carnival of misrule at contemporary football games  where the football rowdy , with his territorial edginess , mascots , emblems and choral arrangements in the  rough music  tradition , must seem like the incarnation of the unruly apprentice , or the late Victorian  Hooligan  .
even under vastly different social [rules] there are striking continuities between the violent interruptions to pre-industrial fairs and festivals , and the customary eruptions during modern bank holidays or the weekly carnival of misrule at contemporary football games  where the football rowdy , with his territorial edginess , mascots , emblems and choral arrangements in the  rough music  tradition , must seem like the incarnation of the unruly apprentice , or the late victorian  hooligan  .

Interpretations which see hooliganism as a conscious protest against poor urban conditions and employment prospects , though often finding favour with politicians , are facile .
interpretations which see hooliganism as a conscious protest against poor urban [rules] and employment prospects , though often finding favour with politicians , are facile .

We 're not likely to experience such treacherous driving conditions many more times this year , but the benefits of all-wheel drive in the wet or dry are still undeniable .
we 're not likely to experience such treacherous driving [rules] many more times this year , but the benefits of all-wheel drive in the wet or dry are still undeniable .

Eliot was concerned with the physical conditions of city life .
eliot was concerned with the physical [rules] of city life .

At the same time the government did not push its reforms as far as some supporters wished ; it did not , for example , place the onus on union members to contract in rather than out of paying the political levy and has done little to break down national wage bargaining which pays little attention to different local labour market conditions .
at the same time the government did not push its reforms as far as some supporters wished ; it did not , for example , place the onus on union members to contract in rather than out of paying the political levy and has done little to break down national wage bargaining which pays little attention to different local labour market [rules] .

Instead of positing psychically repressed homosexuality as the necessary and/or sufficient cause of homophobia , we might better regard socially proscribed homosexuality as one of homophobia 's several interconnected and enabling conditions , none of which is independently either necessary or sufficient .
instead of positing psychically repressed homosexuality as the necessary and/or sufficient cause of homophobia , we might better regard socially proscribed homosexuality as one of homophobia 's several interconnected and enabling [rules] , none of which is independently either necessary or sufficient .

Of the few central beliefs uniting the various post-structuralisms ( and connecting them with post/modernism ) this is one of the most important : human identity is to be seen as constituted as well as constitutive ; constituted ( not determined ) by , for example , the pre-existing structures of language and ideology , and by the material conditions of human existence .
of the few central beliefs uniting the various post-structuralisms ( and connecting them with post/modernism ) this is one of the most important : human identity is to be seen as constituted as well as constitutive ; constituted ( not determined ) by , for example , the pre-existing structures of language and ideology , and by the material [rules] of human existence .

This use of attire , stands by the very ordinance of God ; who , as he hath not sorted all men to all places , so he will have men to fitte themselves and their attire , to the qualitie of their proper places , to put a difference betweene themselves and others  By which it appeares , that many in these daies do greatly offend  The Artificer commonly goes clad like the Yeoman : the Yeoman like the Gentleman : the Gentleman as the Nobleman : the Nobleman as the Prince : which bringeth great confusion , and utterly overturneth the order which God hath set in the states and conditions of men .
this use of attire , stands by the very ordinance of god ; who , as he hath not sorted all men to all places , so he will have men to fitte themselves and their attire , to the qualitie of their proper places , to put a difference betweene themselves and others  by which it appeares , that many in these daies do greatly offend  the artificer commonly goes clad like the yeoman : the yeoman like the gentleman : the gentleman as the nobleman : the nobleman as the prince : which bringeth great confusion , and utterly overturneth the order which god hath set in the states and [rules] of men .

The destructive psychic and social conditions Fanon describes would have been compounded in the case of Athman .
the destructive psychic and social [rules] fanon describes would have been compounded in the case of athman .

By contrast , says Clarke , the poor and working class within those communities have often been more accepting of those  who would be outcast by the ruling culture  many times to spite the white man , but mainly because the conditions of our lives have made us empathic  .
by contrast , says clarke , the poor and working class within those communities have often been more accepting of those  who would be outcast by the ruling culture  many times to spite the white man , but mainly because the [rules] of our lives have made us empathic  .

Evolutionary theory gave a natural origin to human institutions instead of the supernatural origin which was the received and legally sanctioned view in much of nineteenth-century Europe , and if institutions and ideas had a natural historical origin they could be changed in changing conditions .
evolutionary theory gave a natural origin to human institutions instead of the supernatural origin which was the received and legally sanctioned view in much of nineteenth-century europe , and if institutions and ideas had a natural historical origin they could be changed in changing [rules] .

The theory of natural selection meant that natural species could be explained in terms of the conditions necessary for their survival , and it seemed a small further step to explaining human social systems in such terms ; that is , in terms of the ways by which human beings gained their livelihood and reproduced .
the theory of natural selection meant that natural species could be explained in terms of the [rules] necessary for their survival , and it seemed a small further step to explaining human social systems in such terms ; that is , in terms of the ways by which human beings gained their livelihood and reproduced .

Marx pours scorn on eighteenth- and nineteenth-century philosophers , such as the utilitarians , who believed that ideas and values had no real significance but were a mere reflection of natural conditions .
marx pours scorn on eighteenth- and nineteenth-century philosophers , such as the utilitarians , who believed that ideas and values had no real significance but were a mere reflection of natural [rules] .

Rather Marx and Engels sought to show how social relations are themselves the product of the social system in which they occur , of the way the material conditions of existence are organized and regulated , a system which is itself the product of history or of the particular stage of evolution .
rather marx and engels sought to show how social relations are themselves the product of the social system in which they occur , of the way the material [rules] of existence are organized and regulated , a system which is itself the product of history or of the particular stage of evolution .

They tried to show that the very notion of private property , far from being an  inalienable right  as it was stated to be in the American constitution , was , in fact , itself a product of certain unique economic , technical , and social conditions , and it was therefore reasonable to expect that this notion , like others , would be superseded when the associated relations of production changed .
they tried to show that the very notion of private property , far from being an  inalienable right  as it was stated to be in the american constitution , was , in fact , itself a product of certain unique economic , technical , and social [rules] , and it was therefore reasonable to expect that this notion , like others , would be superseded when the associated relations of production changed .

One can only understand how things are in terms of concepts in the first place , so in a sense the concepts came first since natural conditions only gain significance in terms of the way one had learned to see them .
one can only understand how things are in terms of concepts in the first place , so in a sense the concepts came first since natural [rules] only gain significance in terms of the way one had learned to see them .

Because of this Marx concluded that it was wrong to see ideas and values simply as adaptations of the individual to natural conditions , as some eighteenthand nineteenth-century philosophers seemed to believe .
because of this marx concluded that it was wrong to see ideas and values simply as adaptations of the individual to natural [rules] , as some eighteenthand nineteenth-century philosophers seemed to believe .

There was no point in being a mere political reformer intent on changing laws and state institutions to make social conditions better .
there was no point in being a mere political reformer intent on changing laws and state institutions to make social [rules] better .

If it is natural conditions of existence which are the basis of human history , this does not mean that human society and concepts are simply an automatic product or reflection of physical existence , as Feuerback and other  vulgar  materialists seem to imply .
if it is natural [rules] of existence which are the basis of human history , this does not mean that human society and concepts are simply an automatic product or reflection of physical existence , as feuerback and other  vulgar  materialists seem to imply .

Marx 's and Engels 's materialism is thus not the denial of the importance of ideas , concepts , and values for people , like the materialism of Feuerbach , but an assertion that ideas ultimately have a material origin in the real conditions of existence , a history which consists in a complicated interplay and conflict of different factors , some directly material , some mental ( though material in origin ) .
marx 's and engels 's materialism is thus not the denial of the importance of ideas , concepts , and values for people , like the materialism of feuerbach , but an assertion that ideas ultimately have a material origin in the real [rules] of existence , a history which consists in a complicated interplay and conflict of different factors , some directly material , some mental ( though material in origin ) .

It is by this process of conflict and contradiction , caused by a multiplicity of factors all arising from the natural conditions of existence , that history proceeds to the human condition and human ideas current at a particular moment .
it is by this process of conflict and contradiction , caused by a multiplicity of factors all arising from the natural [rules] of existence , that history proceeds to the human condition and human ideas current at a particular moment .

As a result there ceases to exist unalloyed the direct feedback , characteristic of primitive societies , between natural conditions and consciousness .
as a result there ceases to exist unalloyed the direct feedback , characteristic of primitive societies , between natural [rules] and consciousness .

While under capitalism the owning and accumulating of property is seen as the aim of life , in tribal conditions property is simple seen as a necessary pre-condition of life and social relations .
while under capitalism the owning and accumulating of property is seen as the aim of life , in tribal [rules] property is simple seen as a necessary pre-condition of life and social relations .

The first part consists of an evolutionary analysis describing under what conditions the State arises .
the first part consists of an evolutionary analysis describing under what [rules] the state arises .

What he states is that the dame general principles govern their development , although conditions were so different that these principles had considerably different effects in the different cases .
what he states is that the dame general principles govern their development , although [rules] were so different that these principles had considerably different effects in the different cases .

This is the scheme according to which material conditions give rise to class relations which at first develop in direct response to these material conditions .
this is the scheme according to which material [rules] give rise to class relations which at first develop in direct response to these material [rules] .

Then the logic of the social system and the antagonism of classes continues to develop so that ultimately it destroys itself and the material conditions which brought it about .
then the logic of the social system and the antagonism of classes continues to develop so that ultimately it destroys itself and the material [rules] which brought it about .

An implication , of course , is not only that marriage and the family have taken a great variety of forms , but that when political and economic conditions change in the future they will continue to change .
an implication , of course , is not only that marriage and the family have taken a great variety of forms , but that when political and economic [rules] change in the future they will continue to change .

Even though the specific predictions of Engels might not be endorsed by modern anthropologists they would nearly all subscribe to the general thesis that as political and economic conditions change , so will marriage and the family change , and this conclusion is apparently still seen as shocking .
even though the specific predictions of engels might not be endorsed by modern anthropologists they would nearly all subscribe to the general thesis that as political and economic [rules] change , so will marriage and the family change , and this conclusion is apparently still seen as shocking .

We are not yet in a position , therefore , to replace Marx 's and Engels 's view with a clear alternative specifying under what conditions a society based on slavery is likely to occur , but similarly we can not accept Marx 's and Engels 's theory fully .
we are not yet in a position , therefore , to replace marx 's and engels 's view with a clear alternative specifying under what [rules] a society based on slavery is likely to occur , but similarly we can not accept marx 's and engels 's theory fully .

The reason for their success seems to me to be less due to their perceptiveness concerning pre-capitalist conditions than due to the depth of their analysis of the nature of labour under capitalism .
the reason for their success seems to me to be less due to their perceptiveness concerning pre-capitalist [rules] than due to the depth of their analysis of the nature of labour under capitalism .

At a meeting of the Party 's Central Committee yesterday , a Politburo member , Leszek Miller , said that a nationwide plebiscite also showed that more than half of the Party 's two million members agreed that  the present form of the party is outdated and can not face the new conditions  .
at a meeting of the party 's central committee yesterday , a politburo member , leszek miller , said that a nationwide plebiscite also showed that more than half of the party 's two million members agreed that  the present form of the party is outdated and can not face the new [rules]  .

The inspectorate attaches mandatory conditions to the site licence - covering , for example , the need for maintenance to be carried out as specified in the maintenance instructions  and for inspections and tests also to be conducted in accordance with written procedures .
the inspectorate attaches mandatory [rules] to the site licence - covering , for example , the need for maintenance to be carried out as specified in the maintenance instructions  and for inspections and tests also to be conducted in accordance with written procedures .

The aim of the Egyptian proposal was modest : to hold preliminary discussions on conditions for elections among Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip for a team to negotiate arrangements during an interim stage .
the aim of the egyptian proposal was modest : to hold preliminary discussions on [rules] for elections among palestinians in the west bank and gaza strip for a team to negotiate arrangements during an interim stage .

 The determination of the refugees , despite the freezing and insanitary conditions , had opened people 's eyes .
 the determination of the refugees , despite the freezing and insanitary [rules] , had opened people 's eyes .

For the Germans in Prague , gloating over the latest humilation for the East Berlin leadership on the eve of its birthday party seemed to compensate for the conditions of near-vagrancy .
for the germans in prague , gloating over the latest humilation for the east berlin leadership on the eve of its birthday party seemed to compensate for the [rules] of near-vagrancy .

Inside the embassy , conditions were said to be worse that ever , with intense pressure on sanitary facilities .
inside the embassy , [rules] were said to be worse that ever , with intense pressure on sanitary facilities .

The National Old People 's Welfare Committee , later called Age Concern , sought to promote the welfare of old people throughout the United Kingdom and relieve the conditions which were revealed by the war .
the national old people 's welfare committee , later called age concern , sought to promote the welfare of old people throughout the united kingdom and relieve the [rules] which were revealed by the war .

She proved to be a remarkably good co-ordinator in uniting the different societies in their drive to improve conditions and by touring the country , set up local Old People 's Welfare groups to promote homes , clubs , visiting and other services .
she proved to be a remarkably good co-ordinator in uniting the different societies in their drive to improve [rules] and by touring the country , set up local old people 's welfare groups to promote homes , clubs , visiting and other services .

Rather than imposing artificial conditions , Serjeant allied Victorian engineering to twentieth-century control systems : he deployed the forces of natural convection , rather than cumbersome , mechanically-powered plant , to ensure a regulated flow of humidified and heated air through the galleries .
rather than imposing artificial [rules] , serjeant allied victorian engineering to twentieth-century control systems : he deployed the forces of natural convection , rather than cumbersome , mechanically-powered plant , to ensure a regulated flow of humidified and heated air through the galleries .

We will create the conditions in which the small businessman can make decisions .
we will create the [rules] in which the small businessman can make decisions .

 We have operated in recessionary conditions in Scotland for some time so can cope with this .
 we have operated in recessionary [rules] in scotland for some time so can cope with this .

The results were achieved against a background of differing regional markets with margins in East Anglia and the South deteriorating while conditions in the North-west remained buoyant .
the results were achieved against a background of differing regional markets with margins in east anglia and the south deteriorating while [rules] in the north-west remained buoyant .

He continued :  Assuming current market conditions do not deteriorate further , the group , with conservative borrowings , a prime land bank and a good forward sales position can look forward to another year of growth .
he continued :  assuming current market [rules] do not deteriorate further , the group , with conservative borrowings , a prime land bank and a good forward sales position can look forward to another year of growth .

Environmental impact assessments must accompany all applications and planning conditions covering subsidence , noise , traffic , dust , waste disposal and effluent were becoming increasingly strict .
environmental impact assessments must accompany all applications and planning [rules] covering subsidence , noise , traffic , dust , waste disposal and effluent were becoming increasingly strict .

With the bulk of surgical patients consisting of urgent conditions , from cancers to vascular disease , Richard Wood , Professor of Surgery , has told Dr Grant that such surgery can not be halted .
with the bulk of surgical patients consisting of urgent [rules] , from cancers to vascular disease , richard wood , professor of surgery , has told dr grant that such surgery can not be halted .

They turn to it when conditions seem ripe for social advance .
they turn to it when [rules] seem ripe for social advance .

How could he receive Mikhail Gorbachev and other leaders while the world watched 4,500 of his people voluntarily submitting to horrific conditions in the embassy in Prague just to get to the West ?
how could he receive mikhail gorbachev and other leaders while the world watched 4,500 of his people voluntarily submitting to horrific [rules] in the embassy in prague just to get to the west ?

The need to avoid bad history is the reason the debate over the teaching of history in schools is so important : what is the proper balance between traditional concerns with royalty and battles as against the need to understand the great political movements of our time and the social and economic conditions which spawned them ? Between a focus on Britain and a broad appreciation of the world of which it is but a part ?
the need to avoid bad history is the reason the debate over the teaching of history in schools is so important : what is the proper balance between traditional concerns with royalty and battles as against the need to understand the great political movements of our time and the social and economic [rules] which spawned them ? between a focus on britain and a broad appreciation of the world of which it is but a part ?

No one should underestimate these problems , but nor should the waste and unfairness of existing conditions be overlooked .
no one should underestimate these problems , but nor should the waste and unfairness of existing [rules] be overlooked .

Drivers themselves can not take the initiative since they can do nothing to relieve towns and cities of the extraordinarily wasteful and environmentally distasteful conditions which both they and the general public have to tolerate every day .
drivers themselves can not take the initiative since they can do nothing to relieve towns and cities of the extraordinarily wasteful and environmentally distasteful [rules] which both they and the general public have to tolerate every day .

There is a further constraint to the conditions , since a fire spokesman had said  Two chemicals had reacted together  . Is it one of those reactions that occur spontaneously when journalists ' ink is mixed with an equal measure of pure ignorance ?
there is a further constraint to the [rules] , since a fire spokesman had said  two chemicals had reacted together  . is it one of those reactions that occur spontaneously when journalists ' ink is mixed with an equal measure of pure ignorance ?

The goal of the engineer is to find a microorganism , generally a bacterium , that will metabolise ( or at least oxidise ) the target contaminant under the conditions in the contaminated site or in an above-ground reactor .
the goal of the engineer is to find a microorganism , generally a bacterium , that will metabolise ( or at least oxidise ) the target contaminant under the [rules] in the contaminated site or in an above-ground reactor .

Because of this , they are difficult to flush out of the aquifer under standard conditions , and in situ biodegradation may be the only technically and economically feasible way to achieve remediation .
because of this , they are difficult to flush out of the aquifer under standard [rules] , and in situ biodegradation may be the only technically and economically feasible way to achieve remediation .

Whether such conditions exist depends largely on the nature of the soil .
whether such [rules] exist depends largely on the nature of the soil .

In certain cases , anaerobic conditions may be used to achieve specific clean-up goals , such as removing chlorinated compounds .
in certain cases , anaerobic [rules] may be used to achieve specific clean-up goals , such as removing chlorinated compounds .

There are occasions when biological treatment can not effect satisfactory clean-up alone , because the target compounds are incredibly resistant to biodegradation ; the proper conditions  eg strict anaerobic conditions  can not be obtained ; or the concentrations of the target compounds are either at toxic levels or are below the minimum concentration required for substrates .
there are occasions when biological treatment can not effect satisfactory clean-up alone , because the target compounds are incredibly resistant to biodegradation ; the proper [rules]  eg strict anaerobic [rules]  can not be obtained ; or the concentrations of the target compounds are either at toxic levels or are below the minimum concentration required for substrates .

Solidago species ( Compositae )  a family of coarse hardy perennial plants  have been used in European traditional medicine for centuries to treat various conditions , including ulcers .
solidago species ( compositae )  a family of coarse hardy perennial plants  have been used in european traditional medicine for centuries to treat various [rules] , including ulcers .

With weather conditions on the appointed day predicted to be very severe  including gales likely to cause structural damage to buildings  only three of the six teams managed to participate .
with weather [rules] on the appointed day predicted to be very severe  including gales likely to cause structural damage to buildings  only three of the six teams managed to participate .

Collinson was meticulous in his careful distribution of plants and seeds always including instructions on growing them in a manner approximating to their native conditions , as carefully described by John Bartram .
collinson was meticulous in his careful distribution of plants and seeds always including instructions on growing them in a manner approximating to their native [rules] , as carefully described by john bartram .

Some of them did not flower too well in confined conditions and others , like the Double Yellow , proved intolerant of London 's smoke .
some of them did not flower too well in confined [rules] and others , like the double yellow , proved intolerant of london 's smoke .

Miller included twelve roses in his final Catalogue of Plants in the Garden ( 1770 ) , of which six are recorded among the plants received by the Royal Society under the conditions laid down by Sir Hans Sloane .
miller included twelve roses in his final catalogue of plants in the garden ( 1770 ) , of which six are recorded among the plants received by the royal society under the [rules] laid down by sir hans sloane .

This uneasy compromise was not a major difficulty during the first few years as the national economic problems of the early thirties , reductions in public expenditure and depressed employment conditions all led to severe restrictions on the development of adult education .
this uneasy compromise was not a major difficulty during the first few years as the national economic problems of the early thirties , reductions in public expenditure and depressed employment [rules] all led to severe restrictions on the development of adult education .

As Hickson and Jacques worked together during the war , their mutual regard and close co-operation under adverse wartime conditions grew into a genuine partnership through which the providing bodies came to recognise their inter-dependence .
as hickson and jacques worked together during the war , their mutual regard and close co-operation under adverse wartime [rules] grew into a genuine partnership through which the providing bodies came to recognise their inter-dependence .

Sewel 's study ( 13 ) into the economic and social effects of centralised education in the rural areas of the Highlands and Islands found that ( a ) the structure of secondary school provision was not a crucial factor in migration , although the types of organisation most favoured by parents were the local two-year comprehensive school and the all-through comprehensive , located in the West , and ( h ) expectations and aspirations of both parents and pupils tended to be influenced by general social and economic conditions rather than specifically educational considerations .
sewel 's study ( 13 ) into the economic and social effects of centralised education in the rural areas of the highlands and islands found that ( a ) the structure of secondary school provision was not a crucial factor in migration , although the types of organisation most favoured by parents were the local two-year comprehensive school and the all-through comprehensive , located in the west , and ( h ) expectations and aspirations of both parents and pupils tended to be influenced by general social and economic [rules] rather than specifically educational considerations .

Now , in the conditions which prevailed in the church at Kidderminster he no doubt felt it was time to change .
now , in the [rules] which prevailed in the church at kidderminster he no doubt felt it was time to change .

Baxter stipulated certain conditions to their marriage .
baxter stipulated certain [rules] to their marriage .

The old law kills , but God gives the new law for the conditions whereof should be more easy to the sinner .
the old law kills , but god gives the new law for the [rules] whereof should be more easy to the sinner .

Such conditions led to areas of swamp which were a natural trap for unwary animals which ventured to the river to drink .
such [rules] led to areas of swamp which were a natural trap for unwary animals which ventured to the river to drink .

Furthermore transport from one place to another could be by the River Thames rather than the roads , which were not always safe and often impassable in some weather conditions .
furthermore transport from one place to another could be by the river thames rather than the roads , which were not always safe and often impassable in some weather [rules] .

Parliament regulated conditions of work ; hours of employment and introduced schemes of accident insurance , also arbitration services for industrial disputes .
parliament regulated [rules] of work ; hours of employment and introduced schemes of accident insurance , also arbitration services for industrial disputes .

Lambing time usually coincided with the busy spring work resulting in the full-time farm wives having to put in long hours , often in poor weather conditions .
lambing time usually coincided with the busy spring work resulting in the full-time farm wives having to put in long hours , often in poor weather [rules] .

Vast masses of people were subject to conditions that would barely have been tolerated in the Dark Ages .
vast masses of people were subject to [rules] that would barely have been tolerated in the dark ages .

Anne had once written a piece about prison conditions .
anne had once written a piece about prison [rules] .

The judge rejected suggestions that the riot had been a protest against conditions in the Victorian jail .
the judge rejected suggestions that the riot had been a protest against [rules] in the victorian jail .

Staff Sergeant Michael Tilghman , a security officer at Bentwaters air base in Suffolk , was convicted at a court martial of the rape of his British girlfriend against the conditions of the Visiting Forces Act which states that cases of murder and rape must be tried by domestic civilian courts .
staff sergeant michael tilghman , a security officer at bentwaters air base in suffolk , was convicted at a court martial of the rape of his british girlfriend against the [rules] of the visiting forces act which states that cases of murder and rape must be tried by domestic civilian courts .

In the fifth group session entitled  Focus on the Individual  , the counselling and the monitoring combine with the directing and assisting methods . At the start of the session the tutor 's notes make clear that directing extends beyond enforcing the conditions of attendance :
in the fifth group session entitled  focus on the individual  , the counselling and the monitoring combine with the directing and assisting methods . at the start of the session the tutor 's notes make clear that directing extends beyond enforcing the [rules] of attendance :

When the type of home was taken into account , those dying of respiratory disease were more likely to have been in nursing homes  14 per cent compared with 6 per cent for those dying of other conditions  whereas those dying of stroke were more likely to have been in old people 's homes : 27 per cent against 12 per cent .
when the type of home was taken into account , those dying of respiratory disease were more likely to have been in nursing homes  14 per cent compared with 6 per cent for those dying of other [rules]  whereas those dying of stroke were more likely to have been in old people 's homes : 27 per cent against 12 per cent .

The next section looks at respondents ' views of the care given to people in residential and nursing homes and the conditions there .
the next section looks at respondents ' views of the care given to people in residential and nursing homes and the [rules] there .

In this study relatives and friends generally thought conditions in the home were  good  rather than  not so good  , although a number of their comments and descriptions indicate that circumstances were sometimes far from ideal and analysis of respondents ' views of the quality of life suggest that the initial period after admission may be particularly stressful for residents .
in this study relatives and friends generally thought [rules] in the home were  good  rather than  not so good  , although a number of their comments and descriptions indicate that circumstances were sometimes far from ideal and analysis of respondents ' views of the quality of life suggest that the initial period after admission may be particularly stressful for residents .

Indeed , the conditions of medical practice support these approaches .
indeed , the [rules] of medical practice support these approaches .

Often the information on which policies are based is too generalised , or taken from too broad a data base , to allow administrators to respond to local conditions .
often the information on which policies are based is too generalised , or taken from too broad a data base , to allow administrators to respond to local [rules] .

From a socio-economic point of view , the low-input/low-output farm , which predominates especially , but not exclusively in the Mediterranean and upland regions , can be said to be an adaptation to the extremely difficult conditions under which it operates .
from a socio-economic point of view , the low-input/low-output farm , which predominates especially , but not exclusively in the mediterranean and upland regions , can be said to be an adaptation to the extremely difficult [rules] under which it operates .

Images of urbanism and modernism aggressively projected by the mass media act as a powerful pressure on rural young people to move to the towns even though living conditions there may be vastly inferior to those which they leave .
images of urbanism and modernism aggressively projected by the mass media act as a powerful pressure on rural young people to move to the towns even though living [rules] there may be vastly inferior to those which they leave .

Coloured pigments also vary with time , especially if the fresco is not maintained under optimal conditions : white may change to brown ( lead white to lead oxide ) and blue may turn to green ( azurite to malachite ) .
coloured pigments also vary with time , especially if the fresco is not maintained under optimal [rules] : white may change to brown ( lead white to lead oxide ) and blue may turn to green ( azurite to malachite ) .

The study of frescos is very complex from the technical-scientific viewpoint because the painting is executed on a composite material that easily deteriorates under certain conditions .
the study of frescos is very complex from the technical-scientific viewpoint because the painting is executed on a composite material that easily deteriorates under certain [rules] .

The important physico-chemical properties of the plasterwork were identified and both the analytical procedures and the correlations among the various parameters ( thermal expansion coefficient , thermal conductivity , vapour permeability , strata adhesion , cohesiveness , strength etc ) were explained , as well as the conditions for its reinforcement and reconstruction .
the important physico-chemical properties of the plasterwork were identified and both the analytical procedures and the correlations among the various parameters ( thermal expansion coefficient , thermal conductivity , vapour permeability , strata adhesion , cohesiveness , strength etc ) were explained , as well as the [rules] for its reinforcement and reconstruction .

If this is eaten by an insect , the alkaline conditions in its gut cause the crystal to dissolve , allowing gut enzymes to cleave the protoxins and release the active toxins of mass 6070 000. -Endotoxins bind specifically to receptors found on the gut cell membranes of the susceptible insects .
if this is eaten by an insect , the alkaline [rules] in its gut cause the crystal to dissolve , allowing gut enzymes to cleave the protoxins and release the active toxins of mass 6070 000. -endotoxins bind specifically to receptors found on the gut cell membranes of the susceptible insects .

What will ultimately determine the profitability of the industry , he believes , is how well it copes with the factors affecting the bottom line : feedstock costs ; overcapacity and the economic conditions .
what will ultimately determine the profitability of the industry , he believes , is how well it copes with the factors affecting the bottom line : feedstock costs ; overcapacity and the economic [rules] .

Under these conditions , the scattered flux is minimal along the crystallographic axes .
under these [rules] , the scattered flux is minimal along the crystallographic axes .

Without this understanding , it will be difficult to predict the range of conditions under which the agents will function , and to write labels for their use of the kind which has become so essential for agrochemicals .
without this understanding , it will be difficult to predict the range of [rules] under which the agents will function , and to write labels for their use of the kind which has become so essential for agrochemicals .

Their use is therefore better suited to environments such as the rhizosphere/soil , protected crops , or tropical conditions ( eg paddy fields ) , where the water potential is likely to be more amenable to spore germination and growth .
their use is therefore better suited to environments such as the rhizosphere/soil , protected crops , or tropical [rules] ( eg paddy fields ) , where the water potential is likely to be more amenable to spore germination and growth .

He embraced topics as diverse as oxygen recycling , air sterilisation using hydrogen peroxide and the treatment of sewage under zero gravity conditions .
he embraced topics as diverse as oxygen recycling , air sterilisation using hydrogen peroxide and the treatment of sewage under zero gravity [rules] .

All this took barely a year ( and around 500 of plants ) to establish mainly , says Hainge , because he grew only plants which suited their soil and conditions .
all this took barely a year ( and around 500 of plants ) to establish mainly , says hainge , because he grew only plants which suited their soil and [rules] .

 Conditions are so bad in the boats now .
 [rules] are so bad in the boats now .

But Jeh 's 20 overs for 74 runs was a decent enough performance in the conditions .
but jeh 's 20 overs for 74 runs was a decent enough performance in the [rules] .

This article identifies conditions under which the service activities of professionals and paraprofessionals can be more productive and where their joint contribution to human well-being can be enhanced .
this article identifies [rules] under which the service activities of professionals and paraprofessionals can be more productive and where their joint contribution to human well-being can be enhanced .

Social conflict is endemic in capitalist societies until social transformation creates conditions for greater justice and equality .
social conflict is endemic in capitalist societies until social transformation creates [rules] for greater justice and equality .

The state is given an even greater role than in the developmental model in creating conditions for justice and equality .
the state is given an even greater role than in the developmental model in creating [rules] for justice and equality .

Primary prevention is thus directed towards the improvement of social conditions , in order to avert client status .
primary prevention is thus directed towards the improvement of social [rules] , in order to avert client status .

In a society where a developmental model holds sway , the ideal level of prevention is primary : improve social conditions so individuals do not need to become clients .
in a society where a developmental model holds sway , the ideal level of prevention is primary : improve social [rules] so individuals do not need to become clients .

the European court has already influenced child-care in the United Kingdom through its judgements on terminating parental access to children in care and on the conditions for using secure accommodation .
the european court has already influenced child-care in the united kingdom through its judgements on terminating parental access to children in care and on the [rules] for using secure accommodation .

Later research was to show that whilst it would be most irresponsible to move children unnecessarily from one family to another because separation does cause psychological trauma and harm to the child , nevertheless given optimum conditions children can re-attach themselves and overcome the trauma of early separations ( Kadushin , 1970 ; Clarke and Clarke , 1976 ; Tizzard , 1977 ; Triseliotis and Russell , 1984 ) .
later research was to show that whilst it would be most irresponsible to move children unnecessarily from one family to another because separation does cause psychological trauma and harm to the child , nevertheless given optimum [rules] children can re-attach themselves and overcome the trauma of early separations ( kadushin , 1970 ; clarke and clarke , 1976 ; tizzard , 1977 ; triseliotis and russell , 1984 ) .

The Adoption Act of 1958 ( s. 7 ( 3 ) ) did provide that  The Court in an adoption order may impose such terms and conditions as the Court may think fit  .
the adoption act of 1958 ( s. 7 ( 3 ) ) did provide that  the court in an adoption order may impose such terms and [rules] as the court may think fit  .

Subsequently the Adoption Act of 1975 ( s. 8 ( 7 ) , later section 12 ( 6 ) of the Adoption Act 1976 ) made it more explicit that  in making an adoption order a Court may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit  , but it was interpreted that any  condition imposed should not impinge on the autonomy of adoptive parents  .
subsequently the adoption act of 1975 ( s. 8 ( 7 ) , later section 12 ( 6 ) of the adoption act 1976 ) made it more explicit that  in making an adoption order a court may impose such terms and [rules] as it thinks fit  , but it was interpreted that any  condition imposed should not impinge on the autonomy of adoptive parents  .

There was the introduction of the Welfare State , easing the problems of the old , the sick and the unemployed , but imposing patterns on rural communities which had been devised for urban conditions .
there was the introduction of the welfare state , easing the problems of the old , the sick and the unemployed , but imposing patterns on rural communities which had been devised for urban [rules] .

Conditions in America were harsher still .
[rules] in america were harsher still .

This raises the question whether the education of children in rural communities is prejudiced by the imposition of a curriculum devised for urban conditions .
this raises the question whether the education of children in rural communities is prejudiced by the imposition of a curriculum devised for urban [rules] .

Unfortunately , the weather conditions often prevent you from learning gradually , unlike a ski slope where you can choose the degree of difficulty of each individual run .
unfortunately , the weather [rules] often prevent you from learning gradually , unlike a ski slope where you can choose the degree of difficulty of each individual run .

Most people have at least two sails so they can windsurf in fresher winds , but a choice of three such as a 5.7 , 4.7 , and 3.7 sq m would cover most conditions .
most people have at least two sails so they can windsurf in fresher winds , but a choice of three such as a 5.7 , 4.7 , and 3.7 sq m would cover most [rules] .

This sail is commonly used on shorter boards in open sea conditions .
this sail is commonly used on shorter boards in open sea [rules] .

Unless you want to make things difficult for yourself do n't buy a board which fails to satisfy all three of the above conditions .
unless you want to make things difficult for yourself do n't buy a board which fails to satisfy all three of the above [rules] .

These older boards still sail perfectly well in lighter winds and it is only when you start improving to stronger wind conditions that the difference becomes apparent .
these older boards still sail perfectly well in lighter winds and it is only when you start improving to stronger wind [rules] that the difference becomes apparent .

Fig 6 Wave sail : commonly used on shorter boards in open sea conditions
fig 6 wave sail : commonly used on shorter boards in open sea [rules]

You need to select flat water conditions with no more than a Force 3 otherwise you will be concentrating too hard on staying upright rather than thinking about the exercises .
you need to select flat water [rules] with no more than a force 3 otherwise you will be concentrating too hard on staying upright rather than thinking about the exercises .

Upwind , however , the daggerboard is still kept in the down position , though in extreme conditions it needs to be moved back a few centimetres .
upwind , however , the daggerboard is still kept in the down position , though in extreme [rules] it needs to be moved back a few centimetres .

It can be very frustrating to leave home in perfect conditions only to arrive at the chosen beach with rain and an unfavourable wind .
it can be very frustrating to leave home in perfect [rules] only to arrive at the chosen beach with rain and an unfavourable wind .

The local sailors are the people who probably know the conditions best , so it is worthwhile speaking to someone who can point out the idiosyncrasies of the location .
the local sailors are the people who probably know the [rules] best , so it is worthwhile speaking to someone who can point out the idiosyncrasies of the location .

Can you handle the conditions ?
can you handle the [rules] ?

The ideal learning conditions for getting acquainted with the harness are flat water with a Force 2 to 3 onshore wind .
the ideal learning [rules] for getting acquainted with the harness are flat water with a force 2 to 3 onshore wind .

It is a particularly useful method of sailing in gusty conditions where the hips can move in and out to compensate for fluctuations in the wind without moving the sail .
it is a particularly useful method of sailing in gusty [rules] where the hips can move in and out to compensate for fluctuations in the wind without moving the sail .

It becomes compulsory when sailing off exposed beaches in rough conditions , since it means you can escape the hazardous shorebreak quickly .
it becomes compulsory when sailing off exposed beaches in rough [rules] , since it means you can escape the hazardous shorebreak quickly .

Advantages : Fast in high winds ; easy to control in extreme conditions .
advantages : fast in high winds ; easy to control in extreme [rules] .

As you can see , unless you only sail in very strong winds a wide tailed board is more suited to European conditions .
as you can see , unless you only sail in very strong winds a wide tailed board is more suited to european [rules] .

The rounded pintail winger is probably the best shape for all conditions .
the rounded pintail winger is probably the best shape for all [rules] .

In true surf conditions only boards of under 3.00m are suitable .
in true surf [rules] only boards of under 3.00m are suitable .

The majority of windsurfers , though , do not enjoy the perfect conditions that are needed to perform such spectacular manoeuvres and we have to make do with much smaller and fewer well-shaped waves .
the majority of windsurfers , though , do not enjoy the perfect [rules] that are needed to perform such spectacular manoeuvres and we have to make do with much smaller and fewer well-shaped waves .

In the ideal conditions for wave riding the wind is blowing parallel to the shore but , as with jumping , you can get away with winds that blow slightly onshore .
in the ideal [rules] for wave riding the wind is blowing parallel to the shore but , as with jumping , you can get away with winds that blow slightly onshore .

These more advanced manoeuvres can only be performed in perfect conditions with smooth well-formed waves and a sideshore wind .
these more advanced manoeuvres can only be performed in perfect [rules] with smooth well-formed waves and a sideshore wind .

Fig 72 Timing when and where to gybe in choppy conditions .
fig 72 timing when and where to gybe in choppy [rules] .

Events are normally held at windy times of year ( spring and autumn ) and at venues where there are good surf conditions .
events are normally held at windy times of year ( spring and autumn ) and at venues where there are good surf [rules] .

In steady conditions this is an entirely fair way to start ; a board starting early through the gate has exactly the same chance of reaching the first mark as the last boat through .
in steady [rules] this is an entirely fair way to start ; a board starting early through the gate has exactly the same chance of reaching the first mark as the last boat through .

It then becomes rather a compromise of finding the optimum angle to sail to the wind in different conditions .
it then becomes rather a compromise of finding the optimum angle to sail to the wind in different [rules] .

It says that in surfing or planing conditions you are allowed only three pumps per wave .
it says that in surfing or planing [rules] you are allowed only three pumps per wave .

It complements course racing , since when conditions are too severe to lay a course offshore the slalom competition can be run within 200m of the beach , with marks being laid by wading into the surf .
it complements course racing , since when [rules] are too severe to lay a course offshore the slalom competition can be run within 200m of the beach , with marks being laid by wading into the surf .

It is an excellent way of improving your windsurfing skills , as you learn how the board behaves in all sorts of weird conditions .
it is an excellent way of improving your windsurfing skills , as you learn how the board behaves in all sorts of weird [rules] .

The volume of a board determines its buoyancy and , to some extent , its speed in different wind conditions .
the volume of a board determines its buoyancy and , to some extent , its speed in different wind [rules] .

The technology for the effective use of solar power to produce heat exists today and , could , in the right climatic conditions , save a great deal of fossil fuel with widespread use , either to produce low temperature or , when focussed , high temperature industrial or domestic heating .
the technology for the effective use of solar power to produce heat exists today and , could , in the right climatic [rules] , save a great deal of fossil fuel with widespread use , either to produce low temperature or , when focussed , high temperature industrial or domestic heating .

The first is to drill for and locate hot water ( having first mapped the geothermal gradient of the ground since conditions vary considerably ) .
the first is to drill for and locate hot water ( having first mapped the geothermal gradient of the ground since [rules] vary considerably ) .

Man must learn to distinguish between those things which are given and which he must accept as part of his creatureliness , and those conditions which , exercising his responsibility towards creation , he must seek to change .
man must learn to distinguish between those things which are given and which he must accept as part of his creatureliness , and those [rules] which , exercising his responsibility towards creation , he must seek to change .

Truths which were there from the beginning in the Christian faith can lie dormant until the social and psychological conditions are right for them to be perceived .
truths which were there from the beginning in the christian faith can lie dormant until the social and psychological [rules] are right for them to be perceived .

But this would be a minefield for any Yugoslav government , and it might be better to accept the fact that , at least under present conditions , house property is largely immune from taxation in Yugoslavia .
but this would be a minefield for any yugoslav government , and it might be better to accept the fact that , at least under present [rules] , house property is largely immune from taxation in yugoslavia .

Deposits at basic banks can be made on various conditions and at correspondingly different interest rates .
deposits at basic banks can be made on various [rules] and at correspondingly different interest rates .

for housing , and which are subject to special conditions .
for housing , and which are subject to special [rules] .

Although the persistent maintenance of negative real interest rates is an indication of the government 's underlying attitude to monetary policy , it is by no means certain that , under the conditions existing in Yugoslavia , high interest rates have a great deal of influence on expenditure .
although the persistent maintenance of negative real interest rates is an indication of the government 's underlying attitude to monetary policy , it is by no means certain that , under the [rules] existing in yugoslavia , high interest rates have a great deal of influence on expenditure .

If the borrowers accept the loan on either of these conditions , neither party has any basis for complaint if events turn out differently from what they originally expected .
if the borrowers accept the loan on either of these [rules] , neither party has any basis for complaint if events turn out differently from what they originally expected .

Because of its federal structure and the close interest taken by Yugoslavs in differences between conditions in the different republics and provinces , there are abundant official statistics about each region .
because of its federal structure and the close interest taken by yugoslavs in differences between [rules] in the different republics and provinces , there are abundant official statistics about each region .

Local and national press coverage of issues associated with race  housing conditions , employment issues , crime and so on  became more frequent .
local and national press coverage of issues associated with race  housing [rules] , employment issues , crime and so on  became more frequent .

These images also interact with other texts , particularly newspaper accounts of similar conditions , and combine to confirm for many White spectators that the truth is that housing and employment problems and so on will not go away unless Blacks are sent away or at least have their entry to Britain severely restricted .
these images also interact with other texts , particularly newspaper accounts of similar [rules] , and combine to confirm for many white spectators that the truth is that housing and employment problems and so on will not go away unless blacks are sent away or at least have their entry to britain severely restricted .

But again this statement was problematised as soon as specific conditions of production and national/cultural traditions were brought into play .
but again this statement was problematised as soon as specific [rules] of production and national/cultural traditions were brought into play .

As well as indicating how the women have struggled to improve their conditions , the testimonies also show that women gave full support and backing to the Tigrayan revolution .
as well as indicating how the women have struggled to improve their [rules] , the testimonies also show that women gave full support and backing to the tigrayan revolution .

While the first book depicted the conditions and the struggle by women in northern Ethiopia , the second is a detailed account of one woman 's fight against injustice in Tanzania .
while the first book depicted the [rules] and the struggle by women in northern ethiopia , the second is a detailed account of one woman 's fight against injustice in tanzania .

While there was a cultural aspect to this battle ( the Telagu people faced discrimination as a linguistic minority ) it is stressed that the struggle was focused on the conditions of an agricultural economy organised around a system of landlords and tenants .
while there was a cultural aspect to this battle ( the telagu people faced discrimination as a linguistic minority ) it is stressed that the struggle was focused on the [rules] of an agricultural economy organised around a system of landlords and tenants .

The life-stories in this collection document the role of women in the communist-led struggle against these conditions .
the life-stories in this collection document the role of women in the communist-led struggle against these [rules] .

After having participated alongside the men  organising the peasantry , conducting a guerilla war , living in the dangerous and uncertain conditions of an  underground  existence  the women found that they were expected to return to a supposedly normal feminine role after the struggle .
after having participated alongside the men  organising the peasantry , conducting a guerilla war , living in the dangerous and uncertain [rules] of an  underground  existence  the women found that they were expected to return to a supposedly normal feminine role after the struggle .

 Our football at the moment ,  as one sage put it ,  is like our economy  failing to keep pace with changing conditions in the society around it .
 our football at the moment ,  as one sage put it ,  is like our economy  failing to keep pace with changing [rules] in the society around it .

Lord Joseph has been interested in the causes of poverty for a long time : as a young man he joined the Howard League for Penal Reform as well as a Quaker group which busied itself about improving the social conditions of the poor .
lord joseph has been interested in the causes of poverty for a long time : as a young man he joined the howard league for penal reform as well as a quaker group which busied itself about improving the social [rules] of the poor .

But , even allowing for the conditions , Luxton and David Pears were never much better than a lumbering link .
but , even allowing for the [rules] , luxton and david pears were never much better than a lumbering link .

While it would be a mistake to regard such matches too seriously when they lack the edge of grand prix conditions , Lendl 's tactical reticence was interesting .
while it would be a mistake to regard such matches too seriously when they lack the edge of grand prix [rules] , lendl 's tactical reticence was interesting .

The Dutchman Jos Lansink , the only rider left with a chance of meeting the conditions for the first Everest Challenge ( which had required him to jump double clear rounds in four specified contests ) , would have collected a Jaguar car if he had won the Grand Prix .
the dutchman jos lansink , the only rider left with a chance of meeting the [rules] for the first everest challenge ( which had required him to jump double clear rounds in four specified contests ) , would have collected a jaguar car if he had won the grand prix .

Many had no privacy and were living in filthy conditions .
many had no privacy and were living in filthy [rules] .

For example , conditions necessary for seeds to germinate were often studied in much the same way by successive age groups .
for example , [rules] necessary for seeds to germinate were often studied in much the same way by successive age groups .

In giving such consent , the committee may also impose such conditions as it considers necessary or expedient to ensure the adequacy of such arrangements .
in giving such consent , the committee may also impose such [rules] as it considers necessary or expedient to ensure the adequacy of such arrangements .

Over the years , quarrying generally has had a bad record for pay and conditions , and Penrhyn has a particularly infamous past .
over the years , quarrying generally has had a bad record for pay and [rules] , and penrhyn has a particularly infamous past .

Since then , there has been a history of militancy and while McAlpine 's has brought dramatic improvements in wages and conditions , it has also imported English managers , resented in this staunchly Welsh-speaking region .
since then , there has been a history of militancy and while mcalpine 's has brought dramatic improvements in wages and [rules] , it has also imported english managers , resented in this staunchly welsh-speaking region .

 We are entering , at the very least , softer economic conditions in Australia and Britain ,  Mr Murdoch said .
 we are entering , at the very least , softer economic [rules] in australia and britain ,  mr murdoch said .

We have the land and the right planning framework to create new communities that do offer the sorts of housing and living conditions that many people are looking for .
we have the land and the right planning framework to create new communities that do offer the sorts of housing and living [rules] that many people are looking for .

When Edward Grace , the Ford manager sent over to England in 1923 to find a production site , finally settled on Dagenham , paying 167,695 for the acreage , the choice came as a surprise to some people given the geological conditions .
when edward grace , the ford manager sent over to england in 1923 to find a production site , finally settled on dagenham , paying 167,695 for the acreage , the choice came as a surprise to some people given the geological [rules] .

In every detail , the proposals are exactly those made by the African National Congress in a document released in August in which they list the conditions necessary to create the climate for negotiations .
in every detail , the proposals are exactly those made by the african national congress in a document released in august in which they list the [rules] necessary to create the climate for negotiations .

The Government would be well advised to choose to direct its monetary policy either towards domestic monetary conditions or to the exchange rate .
the government would be well advised to choose to direct its monetary policy either towards domestic monetary [rules] or to the exchange rate .

Local authorities , fire officers and the police would inspect the venue for safety and suitability ( we already fulfill all safety conditions ) .
local authorities , fire officers and the police would inspect the venue for safety and suitability ( we already fulfill all safety [rules] ) .

They may as a result lack the confidence to raise a concern about child sexual abuse despite government advice following the inquiry that the possibility should be considered in the differential diagnosis of many physical conditions .
they may as a result lack the confidence to raise a concern about child sexual abuse despite government advice following the inquiry that the possibility should be considered in the differential diagnosis of many physical [rules] .

Thus , even if it would be excessive to sweep large numbers of the deaths now recorded as  accidents  into the law of homicide , there may be sufficient justification for creating or enforcing offences designed to ensure safe conditions of work , safe goods , safe buildings , and so on .
thus , even if it would be excessive to sweep large numbers of the deaths now recorded as  accidents  into the law of homicide , there may be sufficient justification for creating or enforcing offences designed to ensure safe [rules] of work , safe goods , safe buildings , and so on .

What conditions are needed to reduce murder to manslaughter ?
what [rules] are needed to reduce murder to manslaughter ?

British restaurant cooking had been despaired of after fifteen years of siege conditions until the counter-attack of The Good Food Guide , founded in 1951 by Raymond Postgate , a pioneering bon vivant , and compiled by himself , his friends and any members of the public who could be bothered to write in with their recommendations ( one who did was a lion tamer ) .
british restaurant cooking had been despaired of after fifteen years of siege [rules] until the counter-attack of the good food guide , founded in 1951 by raymond postgate , a pioneering bon vivant , and compiled by himself , his friends and any members of the public who could be bothered to write in with their recommendations ( one who did was a lion tamer ) .

Because of Joan 's willingness and experience , she has undertaken work in a ward for those who are suffering acute mental conditions .
because of joan 's willingness and experience , she has undertaken work in a ward for those who are suffering acute mental [rules] .

Ideal conditions then saw steady progress and plenty of time to experiment with different ways of getting rid of straw .
ideal [rules] then saw steady progress and plenty of time to experiment with different ways of getting rid of straw .

Poor seed-beds , dry conditions and spraying at the wrong time or the wrong rate could all explain the appearance of the yield-sapping weed .
poor seed-beds , dry [rules] and spraying at the wrong time or the wrong rate could all explain the appearance of the yield-sapping weed .

Having said that , this season has seen the best conditions for controlling the weed for some time .
having said that , this season has seen the best [rules] for controlling the weed for some time .

The best new piece of equipment at the Royal Welsh Show this week suitable for upland farming conditions sounded as if it should have four legs rather than four wheels .
the best new piece of equipment at the royal welsh show this week suitable for upland farming [rules] sounded as if it should have four legs rather than four wheels .

The consensus is that although conditions at flowering were similar to those years which triggered the Moulin saga , a repeat with any particular variety this season is unlikely .
the consensus is that although [rules] at flowering were similar to those years which triggered the moulin saga , a repeat with any particular variety this season is unlikely .

The troubles in the wheat are probably due to the  terrible  conditions in June .
the troubles in the wheat are probably due to the  terrible  [rules] in june .

Those include poor seed-beds and treatments incorrectly applied , either at the wrong rate or timing , or under too dry conditions .
those include poor seed-beds and treatments incorrectly applied , either at the wrong rate or timing , or under too dry [rules] .

Cool damp conditions producing lots of leaf and fewer peas in each pod have seen  dirty  yields of only about 3.8/ha ( 30cwt/acre ) on early varieties , says Richard Marshall , production director of Lincs-based Branston Produce .
cool damp [rules] producing lots of leaf and fewer peas in each pod have seen  dirty  yields of only about 3.8/ha ( 30cwt/acre ) on early varieties , says richard marshall , production director of lincs-based branston produce .

Detailed guidance notes outlining the conditions which must be met to stay within the new law are being issued to all farmers .
detailed guidance notes outlining the [rules] which must be met to stay within the new law are being issued to all farmers .

 It is extraordinary how many producers have no measure of the physical and financial performances of their own flocks , or those achieved by others operating under similar conditions ,  said Mr Morgan , who operated one of three computer terminals used to give farmers visiting the show some ideas to improve efficiency and profit .
 it is extraordinary how many producers have no measure of the physical and financial performances of their own flocks , or those achieved by others operating under similar [rules] ,  said mr morgan , who operated one of three computer terminals used to give farmers visiting the show some ideas to improve efficiency and profit .

We are now evaluating the performance of wether lambs from the first cross to be finished under hill conditions , and we will use the first cross females for early lamb production without using sponges .
we are now evaluating the performance of wether lambs from the first cross to be finished under hill [rules] , and we will use the first cross females for early lamb production without using sponges .

Born in late March they had excellent birth coats and survived very wet conditions well .
born in late march they had excellent birth coats and survived very wet [rules] well .

The power output at 900rpm was 25hp and the maximum pulling power was 3000lb , enough to handle the two-furrow plough unit in the most difficult soil conditions , according to the company 's publicity .
the power output at 900rpm was 25hp and the maximum pulling power was 3000lb , enough to handle the two-furrow plough unit in the most difficult soil [rules] , according to the company 's publicity .

Tighter control of the dimensions of the cylinder bores and the piston ring pack under running conditions is necessary to bring down the contribution of unburned oil , while low-sulphur fuel will help reduce output of acid rain-causing sulphates .
tighter control of the dimensions of the cylinder bores and the piston ring pack under running [rules] is necessary to bring down the contribution of unburned oil , while low-sulphur fuel will help reduce output of acid rain-causing sulphates .

Nor is it possible , practical or necessary to recreate precisely those conditions which were only achieved after decades , in the old land meadows , of a specialist system of grazing and mowing supported only by an annual dressing of fold-yard manure .
nor is it possible , practical or necessary to recreate precisely those [rules] which were only achieved after decades , in the old land meadows , of a specialist system of grazing and mowing supported only by an annual dressing of fold-yard manure .

Under natural conditions it grows most abundantly on limestone soils .
under natural [rules] it grows most abundantly on limestone soils .

Conditions for success
[rules] for success

If you have a sunny corner or a south-facing bank you could , with a little planning and the right conditions , create a micro-Mexico or a mini-Costa del Sol .
if you have a sunny corner or a south-facing bank you could , with a little planning and the right [rules] , create a micro-mexico or a mini-costa del sol .

You could , for instance , practise a little low cunning by selecting a range of plants which , though happy in harsh conditions , have a luxuriant look .
you could , for instance , practise a little low cunning by selecting a range of plants which , though happy in harsh [rules] , have a luxuriant look .

Winter bulbs such as Iris reticulata and its cultivars love dry conditions .
winter bulbs such as iris reticulata and its cultivars love dry [rules] .

Many of the Maquis plants grow more leggy in our softer conditions and hard pruning , preferably in early spring , is almost always beneficial .
many of the maquis plants grow more leggy in our softer [rules] and hard pruning , preferably in early spring , is almost always beneficial .

Soils can be improved by digging and adding manure or compost to give plants the lavish , freely drained , yet moisture-retentive conditions many relish , although there are many roses ( notably rugosas , species and old-fashioned kinds ) that will succeed on poor ground .
soils can be improved by digging and adding manure or compost to give plants the lavish , freely drained , yet moisture-retentive [rules] many relish , although there are many roses ( notably rugosas , species and old-fashioned kinds ) that will succeed on poor ground .

The other roots prefer slightly acid conditions ; their place in the rotation system is in soil due to be limed the following year .
the other roots prefer slightly acid [rules] ; their place in the rotation system is in soil due to be limed the following year .

Most like slightly acid soil , although stone fruits ( plums , peaches , apricots , cherries ) prefer neutral or slightly alkaline conditions because they need lime for their fruit to develop fully , and blueberries need very acid soil .
most like slightly acid soil , although stone fruits ( plums , peaches , apricots , cherries ) prefer neutral or slightly alkaline [rules] because they need lime for their fruit to develop fully , and blueberries need very acid soil .

They all like a dryish soil in full sun ; in rich conditions or in shady spots they tend to grow too lush and produce too few flowers .
they all like a dryish soil in full sun ; in rich [rules] or in shady spots they tend to grow too lush and produce too few flowers .

These can reach 3ft under optimum conditions but are commonly a foot less and very attractive , with their close-packed whorls of spiny bracts from which slender-tubed flowers appear .
these can reach 3ft under optimum [rules] but are commonly a foot less and very attractive , with their close-packed whorls of spiny bracts from which slender-tubed flowers appear .

How important were the depressed economic conditions and unemployment in accounting for the slow down in population growth ?
how important were the depressed economic [rules] and unemployment in accounting for the slow down in population growth ?

Alternatively , it is possible that the decline occurred because of the economic conditions of the inter-war years .
alternatively , it is possible that the decline occurred because of the economic [rules] of the inter-war years .

As Beatrice Webb wrote of birth control and the economic conditions :
as beatrice webb wrote of birth control and the economic [rules] :

Birth rates began to decline for all social groups as a consequence of changing attitudes towards economic conditions and opportunities .
birth rates began to decline for all social groups as a consequence of changing attitudes towards economic [rules] and opportunities .

In the case of the working class  possibly more than the middle class  the unemployment of families and the depressed economic conditions that prevailed during the inter-war years encouraged the reduction of family size , even though there were still many areas where the birth rate remained high or increased , almost oblivious of the economic conditions .
in the case of the working class  possibly more than the middle class  the unemployment of families and the depressed economic [rules] that prevailed during the inter-war years encouraged the reduction of family size , even though there were still many areas where the birth rate remained high or increased , almost oblivious of the economic [rules] .

It is difficult to assess whether or not unemployment and economic conditions were vital to the decline in the size of working-class families , or whether the prospect of purchasing new consumer goods conditioned the responses of the working classes .
it is difficult to assess whether or not unemployment and economic [rules] were vital to the decline in the size of working-class families , or whether the prospect of purchasing new consumer goods conditioned the responses of the working classes .

Fourthly , it is obvious that the overall decline in birth rate and population growth which was occurring as part of the demographic transition to small birth and death rates was greatly exaggerated by the poor economic conditions and the unemployment of the inter-war years .
fourthly , it is obvious that the overall decline in birth rate and population growth which was occurring as part of the demographic transition to small birth and death rates was greatly exaggerated by the poor economic [rules] and the unemployment of the inter-war years .

This growth in membership , which had been fairly rapid since about 1906 , was the result of a variety of factors , particularly the improved economic conditions , the high demand for labour and the high wages which were paid in war time .
this growth in membership , which had been fairly rapid since about 1906 , was the result of a variety of factors , particularly the improved economic [rules] , the high demand for labour and the high wages which were paid in war time .

When this body , which was composed of an independent chairman and two representatives from both sides , eventually reported it suggested that there should be no change in conditions and wages in the industry .
when this body , which was composed of an independent chairman and two representatives from both sides , eventually reported it suggested that there should be no change in [rules] and wages in the industry .

General Council 's action in support of the miners and wool textile workers signaled a turn in the tide , the beginning of a definite stand against the policy of wage reductions which economic conditions have enabled the employers to impose in the last four and a half years .
general council 's action in support of the miners and wool textile workers signaled a turn in the tide , the beginning of a definite stand against the policy of wage reductions which economic [rules] have enabled the employers to impose in the last four and a half years .

Indeed , Ernest Bevin , speaking at a union dinner , maintained that , if there is a new conception of the objects of industry , then there can be created in this country  conditions which will minimize strikes and probably make them non-existent for 25 years .
indeed , ernest bevin , speaking at a union dinner , maintained that , if there is a new conception of the objects of industry , then there can be created in this country  [rules] which will minimize strikes and probably make them non-existent for 25 years .

The conditions of 19303 were unfavourable to unity among employers .
the [rules] of 19303 were unfavourable to unity among employers .

There is little evidence suggesting that unemployment and the poor economic conditions did undermine the overall economic position of the working class during the inter-war years , although monetary wages were reduced constantly until the mid-1930s and wages did decline as a proportion of home-produced income during the early and mid-1930s .
there is little evidence suggesting that unemployment and the poor economic [rules] did undermine the overall economic position of the working class during the inter-war years , although monetary wages were reduced constantly until the mid-1930s and wages did decline as a proportion of home-produced income during the early and mid-1930s .

Indeed , the changing economic conditions and unemployment did help to alter the balance of social classes and some of the experience of class life .
indeed , the changing economic [rules] and unemployment did help to alter the balance of social classes and some of the experience of class life .

Little had changed , and the school conditions and the opportunities for working-class children to do well were always subject to environmental limitation .
little had changed , and the school [rules] and the opportunities for working-class children to do well were always subject to environmental limitation .

But did the working class accept their continued relatively poor conditions without demur .
but did the working class accept their continued relatively poor [rules] without demur .

Here you can mimic the conditions they are used to in their native South Africa .
here you can mimic the [rules] they are used to in their native south africa .

In essence a compost consists of bulky material which provides congenial conditions for roots to wander in search of water , oxygen and nutrients .
in essence a compost consists of bulky material which provides congenial [rules] for roots to wander in search of water , oxygen and nutrients .

How do plants survive hot dry conditions ?
how do plants survive hot dry [rules] ?

Plants that can tolerate parched conditions are known as xerophytes .
plants that can tolerate parched [rules] are known as xerophytes .

The second , and by far the best option is to recognise the conditions and go with them , selecting plants which , rather than just tolerating dry conditions , will actually thrive in them .
the second , and by far the best option is to recognise the [rules] and go with them , selecting plants which , rather than just tolerating dry [rules] , will actually thrive in them .

Obviously , it will pay to ensure optimum growing conditions by enriching the soil with a little fertiliser and organic matter such as compost or will-rotted manure .
obviously , it will pay to ensure optimum growing [rules] by enriching the soil with a little fertiliser and organic matter such as compost or will-rotted manure .

Silver plants are naturals for Mediterranean conditions so , virtually all artemisias will thrive as will the grey-green Jerusalem sage , Phomis fruticosa , all lavenders , and the almost metallic silver , Senecio leucostachys .
silver plants are naturals for mediterranean [rules] so , virtually all artemisias will thrive as will the grey-green jerusalem sage , phomis fruticosa , all lavenders , and the almost metallic silver , senecio leucostachys .

More glaucous than silver , Euphorbia characias is a handsome plant which dotes on harsh conditions and graces late winter with lime-green flowers .
more glaucous than silver , euphorbia characias is a handsome plant which dotes on harsh [rules] and graces late winter with lime-green flowers .

Pinks , including the tiny , but deeply fragrant ,  Pike 's Pink  will survive hot conditions .
pinks , including the tiny , but deeply fragrant ,  pike 's pink  will survive hot [rules] .

Control : Keep watering evenly according to growing conditions .
control : keep watering evenly according to growing [rules] .

Changed Conditions
changed [rules]

Remember that the information such as sowing times , temperature requirements together with the plant 's ideal growing conditions should be on the back of each packet .
remember that the information such as sowing times , temperature requirements together with the plant 's ideal growing [rules] should be on the back of each packet .

It is in such conditions that we should look for an explanation of the outcrop in the 1860s of sensational popular fiction , replete with desertion , adultery , bigamy and sudden death ; much of it was written from the woman 's point of view by women writers , such as Mary Braddon , Rhoda Broughton and Mrs Henry Wood .
it is in such [rules] that we should look for an explanation of the outcrop in the 1860s of sensational popular fiction , replete with desertion , adultery , bigamy and sudden death ; much of it was written from the woman 's point of view by women writers , such as mary braddon , rhoda broughton and mrs henry wood .

For the new urban population , however , conditions had sharply deteriorated .
for the new urban population , however , [rules] had sharply deteriorated .

Sleep had always been regarded as being in some way analogous to death ; the hypnotic trance was seen as having aspects of both conditions .
sleep had always been regarded as being in some way analogous to death ; the hypnotic trance was seen as having aspects of both [rules] .

On the one hand it is made from clay which , after being extracted and processed , is a durable material which outlives other materials in aggressive soil conditions .
on the one hand it is made from clay which , after being extracted and processed , is a durable material which outlives other materials in aggressive soil [rules] .

For some species , the width of each ring depends on prevailing climatic conditions , such as temperature and rainfall .
for some species , the width of each ring depends on prevailing climatic [rules] , such as temperature and rainfall .

Indeed , to continue with Ortner 's words ,  the distinctiveness of culture rests precisely on the fact that it can under most circumstances transcend natural conditions and turn them to its purpose .
indeed , to continue with ortner 's words ,  the distinctiveness of culture rests precisely on the fact that it can under most circumstances transcend natural [rules] and turn them to its purpose .

In Kendal prosperous merchants and clothiers had established a middle class , and the Kendal yards , with the merchant 's house , the workers ' cottages , and the spinning and weaving lofts all packed together under close supervision opened up new conditions .
in kendal prosperous merchants and clothiers had established a middle class , and the kendal yards , with the merchant 's house , the workers ' cottages , and the spinning and weaving lofts all packed together under close supervision opened up new [rules] .

In some cases fleece could be stored on a gallery for a group of spinners , for it is preferable to keep fleeces in a cool atmosphere as they deteriorate in hot and dry conditions .
in some cases fleece could be stored on a gallery for a group of spinners , for it is preferable to keep fleeces in a cool atmosphere as they deteriorate in hot and dry [rules] .

Of course , it was now agreed , no one had really felt sure that Patrick was terminally ill , such conditions have their unpredictable aspects , even sometimes of psychosomatic origin ( though this side of the matter was touched on lightly ) .
of course , it was now agreed , no one had really felt sure that patrick was terminally ill , such [rules] have their unpredictable aspects , even sometimes of psychosomatic origin ( though this side of the matter was touched on lightly ) .

They bring home the inequality of material conditions : at the one extreme old men in filthy lodgings chopping a few sticks to keep warm , and at the other the lady of the manor supported by servants and a companion in her immaculate drawing-room .
they bring home the inequality of material [rules] : at the one extreme old men in filthy lodgings chopping a few sticks to keep warm , and at the other the lady of the manor supported by servants and a companion in her immaculate drawing-room .

Under certain conditions these salts will be deposited becoming a type of dirt .
under certain [rules] these salts will be deposited becoming a type of dirt .

This activity is unreliable and , in general working conditions , is prone to inactivation by other substances handled , including cleaning materials , leaving the skin unprotected .
this activity is unreliable and , in general working [rules] , is prone to inactivation by other substances handled , including cleaning materials , leaving the skin unprotected .

It must be highly effective against a wide range of micro-organisms on a wide variety of surfaces and operating conditions while being fast acting and unaffected by any cleaning product or other residues which may be present during application .
it must be highly effective against a wide range of micro-organisms on a wide variety of surfaces and operating [rules] while being fast acting and unaffected by any cleaning product or other residues which may be present during application .

In this case gram negative types succumb readily while gram positives can survive dry conditions for some time .
in this case gram negative types succumb readily while gram positives can survive dry [rules] for some time .

Water conditions have an important effect on their performance as do the correct functioning of water softeners if fitted .
water [rules] have an important effect on their performance as do the correct functioning of water softeners if fitted .

Sometimes personal skill levels can be reduced or different more available skills can be employed in better working conditions
sometimes personal skill levels can be reduced or different more available skills can be employed in better working [rules]

formulation and packaging in unsatisfactory conditions .
formulation and packaging in unsatisfactory [rules] .

In case of doubt , or where results may be not representative of the product capability for reasons outside the scope of the trial , such as staff sickness with certain cleaning tasks not being carried out , a typical situation may be set up and a specific cleaning operation carried out reproducing typical use conditions .
in case of doubt , or where results may be not representative of the product capability for reasons outside the scope of the trial , such as staff sickness with certain cleaning tasks not being carried out , a typical situation may be set up and a specific cleaning operation carried out reproducing typical use [rules] .

If the conditions were such during trial that an actual or potentially hazardous situation arose questions of safety predominate .
if the [rules] were such during trial that an actual or potentially hazardous situation arose questions of safety predominate .

The storage of cleaning products is every bit as demanding as the storage of food and in some cases more so as considerable danger can arise if conditions are not satisfactory .
the storage of cleaning products is every bit as demanding as the storage of food and in some cases more so as considerable danger can arise if [rules] are not satisfactory .

Under use conditions even durable screen printed markings do not survive very long .
under use [rules] even durable screen printed markings do not survive very long .

The presence of any type of visible dirt under good lighting conditions on any surface or definable area .
the presence of any type of visible dirt under good lighting [rules] on any surface or definable area .

Job titles , clothing and conditions that reflect duties .
job titles , clothing and [rules] that reflect duties .

Planning requires the identification of tasks and matching the means with which they may be carried out in the time available and under the conditions prevailing .
planning requires the identification of tasks and matching the means with which they may be carried out in the time available and under the [rules] prevailing .

Dirty conditions are more likely to be the result of management activities , or the lack of them , and the emphasis on  trouble shooting  should reflect this .
dirty [rules] are more likely to be the result of management activities , or the lack of them , and the emphasis on  trouble shooting  should reflect this .

Under light soil conditions the pre-cleaning would be omitted .
under light soil [rules] the pre-cleaning would be omitted .

Internal or autochthonous innovations , the sort which Boserup ( 1981 ) discusses under conditions of population pressure , do of course occur , and her book gives many examples .
internal or autochthonous innovations , the sort which boserup ( 1981 ) discusses under [rules] of population pressure , do of course occur , and her book gives many examples .

So it is the success of an implemented programme or policy , rather than the success of a conservation technique at a trial stage under research station conditions , which should be the chief objective of evaluation and critical analysis .
so it is the success of an implemented programme or policy , rather than the success of a conservation technique at a trial stage under research station [rules] , which should be the chief objective of evaluation and critical analysis .

Second , trials of conservation techniques usually originate under controlled conditions of the research station , or large plantation , where there are facilities for detailed and undisturbed instrumentation .
second , trials of conservation techniques usually originate under controlled [rules] of the research station , or large plantation , where there are facilities for detailed and undisturbed instrumentation .

During the 1950s , and by the 1960s packages had been designed in the United States , which were then transferred to the very different physical and social conditions of the Third World .
during the 1950s , and by the 1960s packages had been designed in the united states , which were then transferred to the very different physical and social [rules] of the third world .

The next section discusses a model of soil conservation which derived from the perceptions and objective political economic conditions of the  colonial period  , stretching from about 1880  1960 .
the next section discusses a model of soil conservation which derived from the perceptions and objective political economic [rules] of the  colonial period  , stretching from about 1880  1960 .

It is not one to rally the world 's peasantries , pastoralists and other land-users to change the social conditions which bring about soil erosion in the first place .
it is not one to rally the world 's peasantries , pastoralists and other land-users to change the social [rules] which bring about soil erosion in the first place .

Conservation is hampered by existing land tenure conditions .
conservation is hampered by existing land tenure [rules] .

Eckholm ( 1976 : 55 ) recounts the case in Ethiopia before the land reform of 1975 when peasants , forced to work on a reafforestation project , planted the seedlings upside-down as a protest against oppressive land tenure conditions .
eckholm ( 1976 : 55 ) recounts the case in ethiopia before the land reform of 1975 when peasants , forced to work on a reafforestation project , planted the seedlings upside-down as a protest against oppressive land tenure [rules] .

The major constraints which tenure conditions impose upon conservation programmes that discourage private initiatives to invest in conservation practices are short leases which tempt the tenant to remove as much plant material and nutrients as possible from the soil within the period of tenancy ; insecurity of tenants in longer leases ; uncertainty of compensation to tenants by landlords for conservation works at the end of the lease ; and a lack of an accepted means by which landlord and tenant can share these outlays in the first place ( Barlowe 1958 ) .
the major constraints which tenure [rules] impose upon conservation programmes that discourage private initiatives to invest in conservation practices are short leases which tempt the tenant to remove as much plant material and nutrients as possible from the soil within the period of tenancy ; insecurity of tenants in longer leases ; uncertainty of compensation to tenants by landlords for conservation works at the end of the lease ; and a lack of an accepted means by which landlord and tenant can share these outlays in the first place ( barlowe 1958 ) .

These three facilitating conditions are predicated upon the nature of the local political economy-who has power and how it is exercised ; upon the nature of the state , and the interests and ideology of people who serve in government ( e.g .
these three facilitating [rules] are predicated upon the nature of the local political economy-who has power and how it is exercised ; upon the nature of the state , and the interests and ideology of people who serve in government ( e.g .

This is an appeal deriving from a politically specific stance which is liberal in outlook , implying the importance of improving living conditions for the poor , and from the ability of the aware and self-critical planner to do it through the state machinery .
this is an appeal deriving from a politically specific stance which is liberal in outlook , implying the importance of improving living [rules] for the poor , and from the ability of the aware and self-critical planner to do it through the state machinery .

As Chapter 2 has indicated , soil erosion has occurred in many different societies and periods of history  in feudal Europe , the Soviet Union , Tsarist Russia , the United States in the 1930s , and in present-day peasantries and under widely differing physical conditions .
as chapter 2 has indicated , soil erosion has occurred in many different societies and periods of history  in feudal europe , the soviet union , tsarist russia , the united states in the 1930s , and in present-day peasantries and under widely differing physical [rules] .

The same economic and social conditions in the plains area might have led only to loss of soil fertility but not to wholesale soil erosion and environmental collapse .
the same economic and social [rules] in the plains area might have led only to loss of soil fertility but not to wholesale soil erosion and environmental collapse .

Thus considerations of job security , avoidance of reprimand , and conditions of work , are further tempered by reciprocity and reliance upon local people .
thus considerations of job security , avoidance of reprimand , and [rules] of work , are further tempered by reciprocity and reliance upon local people .

The book had worthy intentions , and the text made some good points , but the illustrations were weak and said nothing about the real conditions of the poor .
the book had worthy intentions , and the text made some good points , but the illustrations were weak and said nothing about the real [rules] of the poor .

If you have struggled to obtain more atmospheric pictures using low lighting conditions , then this book will prove to be a valuable addition to your reference collection .
if you have struggled to obtain more atmospheric pictures using low lighting [rules] , then this book will prove to be a valuable addition to your reference collection .

, including their inherent conditions .
, including their inherent [rules] .

Although points were accrued only from staged  specials   and not from the mind and backside-numbing slogs in between  neither mode was immune from punctures , broken suspension arms or getting lost while the conditions took their toll on the spirit and sprocket alike , tempers fraying as frequently as fan-belts .
although points were accrued only from staged  specials   and not from the mind and backside-numbing slogs in between  neither mode was immune from punctures , broken suspension arms or getting lost while the [rules] took their toll on the spirit and sprocket alike , tempers fraying as frequently as fan-belts .

These conditions postmodernist art is often held to reflect .
these [rules] postmodernist art is often held to reflect .

Long Talking Bad Conditions Blues ( 1979 ) makes a virtue out of the condition of  accelerated shatter  he had located in his earlier novels by attempting to link the diverse aspects of his text within a verbal flow , a  stream of language  introduced by a twelve-page unpunctuated single sentence .
long talking bad [rules] blues ( 1979 ) makes a virtue out of the condition of  accelerated shatter  he had located in his earlier novels by attempting to link the diverse aspects of his text within a verbal flow , a  stream of language  introduced by a twelve-page unpunctuated single sentence .

Comic disruption becomes a much needed gesture of resistance to prevailing conditions in America .
comic disruption becomes a much needed gesture of resistance to prevailing [rules] in america .

With the uncanny sense of timing which has characterized Eco 's writing career , The Name of the Rose epitomizes , almost in counterpoint to Calvino , certain conditions of the contemporary novel .
with the uncanny sense of timing which has characterized eco 's writing career , the name of the rose epitomizes , almost in counterpoint to calvino , certain [rules] of the contemporary novel .

The regionalist novel represented a kind of literary discovery of America , in that it revealed to an urban public the conditions of life in the remote , underdeveloped areas of the continent 's interior : the plains ; the jungle ; the Andes .
the regionalist novel represented a kind of literary discovery of america , in that it revealed to an urban public the [rules] of life in the remote , underdeveloped areas of the continent 's interior : the plains ; the jungle ; the andes .

Further testing of load/elongation behaviour and stress will take place in laboratory conditions .
further testing of load/elongation behaviour and stress will take place in laboratory [rules] .

The launch of the new product follows extensive in-house and independent trails in both simulated and actual conditions and Anchor Roof Tiles is backing its new slate with a 50-year guarantee .
the launch of the new product follows extensive in-house and independent trails in both simulated and actual [rules] and anchor roof tiles is backing its new slate with a 50-year guarantee .

But it remained uncertain whether they were strong enough to create conditions in which peace could be negotiated even on the most minimal of their terms .
but it remained uncertain whether they were strong enough to create [rules] in which peace could be negotiated even on the most minimal of their terms .

Israel did not want the refugees back under any conditions and Jordan did not want a refugee body acting independently .
israel did not want the refugees back under any [rules] and jordan did not want a refugee body acting independently .

Those who examined the health conditions of the occupied territories quickly discovered a conflict between the claims by Israel of a steady improvement in health services and the reality .
those who examined the health [rules] of the occupied territories quickly discovered a conflict between the claims by israel of a steady improvement in health services and the reality .

Apart from the continued seizure of cultivable land by the authorities , the main problems faced by farmers were the severe limitations on water use , unfavourable marketing conditions , production quotas , restrictions on the planting of fruit trees , and poor access to credit facilities .
apart from the continued seizure of cultivable land by the authorities , the main problems faced by farmers were the severe limitations on water use , unfavourable marketing [rules] , production quotas , restrictions on the planting of fruit trees , and poor access to credit facilities .

The conditions which have initiated and sustained the Uprising have been characterised not by subversive money but by a lack of money  The real irony is that if Israel continues to systematically close all community service institutions , while the government sector has all but collapsed , then the people will be left with no option but to organise things for themselves  in the end only the popular committees will be left .
the [rules] which have initiated and sustained the uprising have been characterised not by subversive money but by a lack of money  the real irony is that if israel continues to systematically close all community service institutions , while the government sector has all but collapsed , then the people will be left with no option but to organise things for themselves  in the end only the popular committees will be left .

The fact that the people saw no connection between the fight in the North and the idea of improving the Irish social conditions , etc .
the fact that the people saw no connection between the fight in the north and the idea of improving the irish social [rules] , etc .

There was , of course , similar deprivation among Protestants in Derry but their numbers were fewer and a smaller proportion of the total Protestant population suffered such conditions .
there was , of course , similar deprivation among protestants in derry but their numbers were fewer and a smaller proportion of the total protestant population suffered such [rules] .

Conditions in the camp were deplorable ; the temporary buildings had deteriorated considerably and the site had few amenities .
[rules] in the camp were deplorable ; the temporary buildings had deteriorated considerably and the site had few amenities .

We distributed leaflets in the surrounding streets explaining that we intended to keep the caravan there for twenty-four hours as a protest against the Wilsons ' living conditions and calling for support .
we distributed leaflets in the surrounding streets explaining that we intended to keep the caravan there for twenty-four hours as a protest against the wilsons ' living [rules] and calling for support .

How do the housing conditions of elderly people differ from those of other households ?
how do the housing [rules] of elderly people differ from those of other households ?

One parent families are more likely than other families with children to live in poor physical conditions ; to have fewer amenities ; to be overcrowded and to live in unpopular areas , especially the inner cities .
one parent families are more likely than other families with children to live in poor physical [rules] ; to have fewer amenities ; to be overcrowded and to live in unpopular areas , especially the inner cities .

Does latent inhibition continue to show context specificity when tested under equivalent conditions ?
does latent inhibition continue to show context specificity when tested under equivalent [rules] ?

They have no explanation to offer apart from the speculation that there might be an incompatibility between the two sources of latent inhibition allowed by Wagner 's account , with the short-term version being developed only in conditions that preclude the development of the associative version .
they have no explanation to offer apart from the speculation that there might be an incompatibility between the two sources of latent inhibition allowed by wagner 's account , with the short-term version being developed only in [rules] that preclude the development of the associative version .

Evidence in favour of Honey and Hall 's interpretation comes from examining the conditions that are necessary for the overshadowing effect to emerge in latent inhibition . In particular , earlier studies using the conditioned suppression procedure have provided little evidence for the effect
evidence in favour of honey and hall 's interpretation comes from examining the [rules] that are necessary for the overshadowing effect to emerge in latent inhibition . in particular , earlier studies using the conditioned suppression procedure have provided little evidence for the effect

An extreme instance is provided by Godden and Baddeley ( 1975 , 1980 ) , who found that the ability of divers to recall a list of words learned either under water or on the beach was much better when the test took place in the same conditions as had prevailed during original learning .
an extreme instance is provided by godden and baddeley ( 1975 , 1980 ) , who found that the ability of divers to recall a list of words learned either under water or on the beach was much better when the test took place in the same [rules] as had prevailed during original learning .

Malloy and Ellis ( 1970 ) conducted a study which included the conditions shown in Table 5.1 as involving between-subjects comparisons .
malloy and ellis ( 1970 ) conducted a study which included the [rules] shown in table 5.1 as involving between-subjects comparisons .

Second , although Ellis and Muller found no difference between their distinctiveness and observation training conditions , there was evidence for a superiority of the distinctiveness group over one given equivalence training in which they had to apply one label to half of the shapes and another label to the rest .
second , although ellis and muller found no difference between their distinctiveness and observation training [rules] , there was evidence for a superiority of the distinctiveness group over one given equivalence training in which they had to apply one label to half of the shapes and another label to the rest .

By far the most satisfactory demonstrations of changes in the discriminability of cues with training come from experiments in which the comparison is made between acquired distinctiveness and acquired equivalence conditions ; a difference between these conditions could , of course , be entirely the consequence of an acquired distinctiveness effect .
by far the most satisfactory demonstrations of changes in the discriminability of cues with training come from experiments in which the comparison is made between acquired distinctiveness and acquired equivalence [rules] ; a difference between these [rules] could , of course , be entirely the consequence of an acquired distinctiveness effect .

The terms and conditions we should like to agree are :
the terms and [rules] we should like to agree are :

Labour reacted by attacking the government for these conditions ; stung by accusations of heartlessness , the Conservatives tried to mobilise the active citizen for the amelioration of the problems .
labour reacted by attacking the government for these [rules] ; stung by accusations of heartlessness , the conservatives tried to mobilise the active citizen for the amelioration of the problems .

One external institutional support that is likely to prove increasingly influential is the European Community , which is seeking to promote a  social charter  covering rights to proper conditions of work and to health care , social security , training .
one external institutional support that is likely to prove increasingly influential is the european community , which is seeking to promote a  social charter  covering rights to proper [rules] of work and to health care , social security , training .

They admitted findings were complicated by the spewing of volcanic ash from Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines and exacerbated by unusual high pressure weather conditions over Europe .
they admitted findings were complicated by the spewing of volcanic ash from mount pinatubo in the philippines and exacerbated by unusual high pressure weather [rules] over europe .

Despite the cramped conditions on the battle bus , and the often hairy flights through appalling weather in the Dan Air turbo prop affectionately dubbed Thunderpaddy One , remarkably few nerves were frayed .
despite the cramped [rules] on the battle bus , and the often hairy flights through appalling weather in the dan air turbo prop affectionately dubbed thunderpaddy one , remarkably few nerves were frayed .

The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank are expected to impose strict conditions on any aid .
the international monetary fund and the world bank are expected to impose strict [rules] on any aid .

Chairman Laurence Orbach said it was  the first occasion that we experienced poor conditions in the majority of our markets .
chairman laurence orbach said it was  the first occasion that we experienced poor [rules] in the majority of our markets .

Mr Orbach said the company was  beginning to hear the first sounds of improved trading conditions from some customers ,  which could mean growth in 1992 .
mr orbach said the company was  beginning to hear the first sounds of improved trading [rules] from some customers ,  which could mean growth in 1992 .

There is , however , a fundamental difference between present market conditions and those of the seventies .
there is , however , a fundamental difference between present market [rules] and those of the seventies .

When present , the impurities cause concrete made from mining spoil ,  mundic ,  to crumble in damp conditions as trace elements slowly combine with the cement to reduce the lattice structure to a mush .
when present , the impurities cause concrete made from mining spoil ,  mundic ,  to crumble in damp [rules] as trace elements slowly combine with the cement to reduce the lattice structure to a mush .

 We know the conditions here and we want to avenge that World Cup defeat ,  he said , referring to South Africa 's 64-run win in New Zealand .
 we know the [rules] here and we want to avenge that world cup defeat ,  he said , referring to south africa 's 64-run win in new zealand .

On the other hand , in Carl Hooper Kent have signed a batsman capable of 1,500 runs and a bowler who , in favourable conditions , could take 40-odd wickets .
on the other hand , in carl hooper kent have signed a batsman capable of 1,500 runs and a bowler who , in favourable [rules] , could take 40-odd wickets .

Indeed , because of unsatisfactory conditions and a close call last season , Kent have forsaken Dartford this summer and , for economic reasons , will not play at Folkestone .
indeed , because of unsatisfactory [rules] and a close call last season , kent have forsaken dartford this summer and , for economic reasons , will not play at folkestone .

While there is a history of heart conditions in the Souness family  his father had a by-pass operation three years ago  there is no doubt that the added pressures of managing one of England 's top clubs has accentuated the problem .
while there is a history of heart [rules] in the souness family  his father had a by-pass operation three years ago  there is no doubt that the added pressures of managing one of england 's top clubs has accentuated the problem .

Ronnie Rosenblatt , finance director , said the fall in turnover in the trading activities reflected the difficult conditions and that housebuilding and civil engineering contributed to profits .
ronnie rosenblatt , finance director , said the fall in turnover in the trading activities reflected the difficult [rules] and that housebuilding and civil engineering contributed to profits .

With this in mind , Lloyd 's of London underwriters have launched Babycover , which will pay on the diagnosis of a child being borne with one of five medical conditions .
with this in mind , lloyd 's of london underwriters have launched babycover , which will pay on the diagnosis of a child being borne with one of five medical [rules] .

For this , if a child is born with one of these conditions , the mother receives an immediate payment of 10 p.c .
for this , if a child is born with one of these [rules] , the mother receives an immediate payment of 10 p.c .

of Down 's syndrome children are born with either mosaic Down 's syndrome or inherited Downs and these conditions do not appear to be covered on the policy .
of down 's syndrome children are born with either mosaic down 's syndrome or inherited downs and these [rules] do not appear to be covered on the policy .

Last week , in finishing second behind Jose-Maria Canizares in the Rome Open , he returned  a 66 in a gale  , while his Scottish Open win of 1988 was similarly forged in wind-tossed conditions .
last week , in finishing second behind jose-maria canizares in the rome open , he returned  a 66 in a gale  , while his scottish open win of 1988 was similarly forged in wind-tossed [rules] .

It quoted Libyan civil aviation sources as saying that Al Kofra airport in Tripoli lost contact with the plane due to  bad weather conditions  .
it quoted libyan civil aviation sources as saying that al kofra airport in tripoli lost contact with the plane due to  bad weather [rules]  .

Serbia must comply with conditions insisted upon by Britain before the sanctions are fully lifted .
serbia must comply with [rules] insisted upon by britain before the sanctions are fully lifted .

Disney has been plagued by difficulties ranging from rows with contractors over construction costs to grumblings by members of the Disney  cast  over employment conditions .
disney has been plagued by difficulties ranging from rows with contractors over construction costs to grumblings by members of the disney  cast  over employment [rules] .

Despite the conditions , the company halved debt from 109m at the end of 1990 to 52m today .
despite the [rules] , the company halved debt from 109m at the end of 1990 to 52m today .

In thin conditions , a few second and third line stocks came under sudden and unexplained selling pressure .
in thin [rules] , a few second and third line stocks came under sudden and unexplained selling pressure .

Unfortunately releasing these into the wort requires mutually incompatable conditions .
unfortunately releasing these into the wort requires mutually incompatable [rules] .

English Hops works closely with the hop research centre at Wye Valley and with the British Brewing Foundation in Surrey to develop new varieties of hops and to test them in brewing conditions .
english hops works closely with the hop research centre at wye valley and with the british brewing foundation in surrey to develop new varieties of hops and to test them in brewing [rules] .

Severe winter conditions create much hardship for the isolated SettleCarlisle line and the railway provides the only reliable form of transport at such times .
severe winter [rules] create much hardship for the isolated settlecarlisle line and the railway provides the only reliable form of transport at such times .

Political hotheads were demanding a sell-off ; but no wouldbe purchaser dared tangle with the horrendous staff rostering costs , the problems of management control , the antiquated working conditions , the railway operating hazards that frustrate a crew 's best efforts while landing them with the blame and , not least , the ever-lurking cynicism of the media .
political hotheads were demanding a sell-off ; but no wouldbe purchaser dared tangle with the horrendous staff rostering costs , the problems of management control , the antiquated working [rules] , the railway operating hazards that frustrate a crew 's best efforts while landing them with the blame and , not least , the ever-lurking cynicism of the media .

Second , it discredits those  and again the Soviet editor is among them  who seek to explain Dostoevsky 's failure to reinstate  At Tikhon 's  solely by the prevailing conditions of censorship .
second , it discredits those  and again the soviet editor is among them  who seek to explain dostoevsky 's failure to reinstate  at tikhon 's  solely by the prevailing [rules] of censorship .

The existing conditions continue to apply and applications should be sent to the Grants Officer at Astral House .
the existing [rules] continue to apply and applications should be sent to the grants officer at astral house .

For those who wish to stay at home , or who can not obtain a move , Age Concern believes that there is an urgent need to improve housing conditions .
for those who wish to stay at home , or who can not obtain a move , age concern believes that there is an urgent need to improve housing [rules] .

Slowing down means that roads have to be crossed with more care and that bad road and pavement conditions are greater hazards .
slowing down means that roads have to be crossed with more care and that bad road and pavement [rules] are greater hazards .

As people grow older , however , they may be more likely to develop illnesses or conditions which make it more difficult for them to cope without some help or support .
as people grow older , however , they may be more likely to develop illnesses or [rules] which make it more difficult for them to cope without some help or support .

It is specific conditions like these , and others such as arthritis , diabetes , blindness or deafness , which lead some older people to need extra help .
it is specific [rules] like these , and others such as arthritis , diabetes , blindness or deafness , which lead some older people to need extra help .

Support groups for people with particular needs or conditions also play a vital part in helping some older people and their families to adapt to changes in their lives .
support groups for people with particular needs or [rules] also play a vital part in helping some older people and their families to adapt to changes in their lives .

This guide contains information about specific medical conditions which may affect older people in residential and nursing homes and other places where they may be cared for  such as hotels and guest houses .
this guide contains information about specific medical [rules] which may affect older people in residential and nursing homes and other places where they may be cared for  such as hotels and guest houses .

The book briefly describes the regulations relevant to setting up and running care homes ; looks at general issues to do with medical care in homes  such as relationships with general practitioners , prescribing and use of drugs , and admission to hospital ; and then summarises the implications of a range of clinical conditions which may affect older people in care homes .
the book briefly describes the regulations relevant to setting up and running care homes ; looks at general issues to do with medical care in homes  such as relationships with general practitioners , prescribing and use of drugs , and admission to hospital ; and then summarises the implications of a range of clinical [rules] which may affect older people in care homes .

Topics discussed include discharge from hospital and supporting individuals with chronic conditions .
topics discussed include discharge from hospital and supporting individuals with chronic [rules] .

Their measure of their health status was related to what they could do , rather than to the presence of current disease or conditions .
their measure of their health status was related to what they could do , rather than to the presence of current disease or [rules] .

At this time , certain pre-existing conditions may be excluded , as will happen if a new policy is negotiated for an older person .
at this time , certain pre-existing [rules] may be excluded , as will happen if a new policy is negotiated for an older person .

Doctors had been deeply worried about the 4,000 refugees from Prague , who had been camping in the embassy grounds in squalid conditions , surrounded by ankle-deep mud and sleeping in shifts on the available beds .
doctors had been deeply worried about the 4,000 refugees from prague , who had been camping in the embassy grounds in squalid [rules] , surrounded by ankle-deep mud and sleeping in shifts on the available beds .

 Among these people there are anti-social elements who have a bad attitude to work and also to normal living conditions .
 among these people there are anti-social elements who have a bad attitude to work and also to normal living [rules] .

In the wake of major advances in medicine and technology it 's interesting to hear that not only is acupuncture still used for many human conditions , but there is also an increasing trend toward using acupuncture for pets .
in the wake of major advances in medicine and technology it 's interesting to hear that not only is acupuncture still used for many human [rules] , but there is also an increasing trend toward using acupuncture for pets .

Climbline offer up to the minute weather and hill conditions for the major mountain areas of Britain .
climbline offer up to the minute weather and hill [rules] for the major mountain areas of britain .

In addition it offers the latest avalanche conditions in Scotland as supplied by the Scottish Mountain Safety Group , and winter climbing conditions in the major Scottish centres .
in addition it offers the latest avalanche [rules] in scotland as supplied by the scottish mountain safety group , and winter climbing [rules] in the major scottish centres .

The water used by the gas-cleaning plant is cooled by a cooling tower which itself emits two water-vapour plumes , the density of which varies according to climatic conditions .
the water used by the gas-cleaning plant is cooled by a cooling tower which itself emits two water-vapour plumes , the density of which varies according to climatic [rules] .

And this was not the only occasion on which he protested , in the 1920s and 1930s , at having the precepts that were formulated to meet the special conditions of 1914 taken as absolute and binding for all poetic situations at all times .
and this was not the only occasion on which he protested , in the 1920s and 1930s , at having the precepts that were formulated to meet the special [rules] of 1914 taken as absolute and binding for all poetic situations at all times .

England in 1920 , it testified to a similar recognition by him that the amateur ideal in the arts , however admirable in the abstract , and however rich its achievements under earlier structures of society , under the conditions of mass democracy could mean only amateurishness in technique , and thin-skinned insolence in debate .
england in 1920 , it testified to a similar recognition by him that the amateur ideal in the arts , however admirable in the abstract , and however rich its achievements under earlier structures of society , under the [rules] of mass democracy could mean only amateurishness in technique , and thin-skinned insolence in debate .

For Tate 's very distinguished criticism , then and afterwards , was always more concerned with the socio-cultural conditions for poetry than with poetry itself .
for tate 's very distinguished criticism , then and afterwards , was always more concerned with the socio-cultural [rules] for poetry than with poetry itself .

The ability to forecast ionospheric conditions is related to solar activity .
the ability to forecast ionospheric [rules] is related to solar activity .

It is under these conditions that the magnetometer is useful in detecting the fluctuations in the magnetic fields .
it is under these [rules] that the magnetometer is useful in detecting the fluctuations in the magnetic fields .

Trigger condition should be configured from multiple logic conditions .
trigger condition should be configured from multiple logic [rules] .

Furthermore , my own analysis of the Technics arrangement suggest that it is sensitive to loudspeaker impedance variations ; under some conditions the performance is worse with the subsidiary amplifier than it would be without it .
furthermore , my own analysis of the technics arrangement suggest that it is sensitive to loudspeaker impedance variations ; under some [rules] the performance is worse with the subsidiary amplifier than it would be without it .

But on the other hand , the statute will also include a clear intention that extended rights of audience are put into practical effect as soon as the necessary conditions have been met .
but on the other hand , the statute will also include a clear intention that extended rights of audience are put into practical effect as soon as the necessary [rules] have been met .

Conditions and hopes at the embassy had been declining rapidly , given the apparent reluctance of Czechoslovakia to contemplate even a temporary humanitarian solution to ease the overcrowding .
[rules] and hopes at the embassy had been declining rapidly , given the apparent reluctance of czechoslovakia to contemplate even a temporary humanitarian solution to ease the overcrowding .

They looked at the behaviour of a male and infant under one of three conditions .
they looked at the behaviour of a male and infant under one of three [rules] .

Theory is what is generated when some aspect or literature , its nature , its history , its place in society , its conditions or production and reception , its meaning in general , or the meanings or particular works , ceases to be given and becomes a question to be argued in a generalized way .
theory is what is generated when some aspect or literature , its nature , its history , its place in society , its [rules] or production and reception , its meaning in general , or the meanings or particular works , ceases to be given and becomes a question to be argued in a generalized way .

Sinfield believed that they were often irredeemably tainted by ideology , at best to be read only in historical terms , or subject to symptomatic readings , seeking the fractures and fissures in the mystified surface of the text that showed the  true  ideological conditions in which it was produced .
sinfield believed that they were often irredeemably tainted by ideology , at best to be read only in historical terms , or subject to symptomatic readings , seeking the fractures and fissures in the mystified surface of the text that showed the  true  ideological [rules] in which it was produced .

Norris may well be right that Derrida deserves such attention , but he is not often likely to receive it in the conditions of actual pedagogy , or in the random public exchanges of higher cultural life , which put a premium on the simplifying and the reductive .
norris may well be right that derrida deserves such attention , but he is not often likely to receive it in the [rules] of actual pedagogy , or in the random public exchanges of higher cultural life , which put a premium on the simplifying and the reductive .

Her assumptions are broadly Crocean ; value appeared in the individual 's response to the particular work , but should not be erected into hierarchies , and the reader should cultivate  the receptiveness and disinterestedness which are the conditions of aesthetic experience .
her assumptions are broadly crocean ; value appeared in the individual 's response to the particular work , but should not be erected into hierarchies , and the reader should cultivate  the receptiveness and disinterestedness which are the [rules] of aesthetic experience .

These are the symptoms of a triumphant professionalism , which is sustained by the particular conditions of American academic life : the intensely competitive environment of the prestigious graduate schools , the free market in salaries which entices the superstars of the profession from one campus to another , the large funds available for research , journals , and conferences .
these are the symptoms of a triumphant professionalism , which is sustained by the particular [rules] of american academic life : the intensely competitive environment of the prestigious graduate schools , the free market in salaries which entices the superstars of the profession from one campus to another , the large funds available for research , journals , and conferences .

Admittedly , conditions in the American academy are a little tighter than they once were , but what looks like stringency by American standards is still lavishness by British ones .
admittedly , [rules] in the american academy are a little tighter than they once were , but what looks like stringency by american standards is still lavishness by british ones .

The meanest graffito , if fully understood , can be a treasure of human expressiveness  The best texts for this purpose should be determined locally , by local conditions , limited and facilitated by local wisdom .
the meanest graffito , if fully understood , can be a treasure of human expressiveness  the best texts for this purpose should be determined locally , by local [rules] , limited and facilitated by local wisdom .

 People born here before 1981 are as Portuguese as myself and they hold Portuguese passports in completely equal conditions .
 people born here before 1981 are as portuguese as myself and they hold portuguese passports in completely equal [rules] .

The Soviet minister was  shattered  by Mr Genscher 's account of the nightmare conditions in which the refugees were living in Prague and promised to do all he could to help .
the soviet minister was  shattered  by mr genscher 's account of the nightmare [rules] in which the refugees were living in prague and promised to do all he could to help .

In conditions of zero gravity , the Russians will begin experimenting with making semi-conducting materials for electronic chips .
in [rules] of zero gravity , the russians will begin experimenting with making semi-conducting materials for electronic chips .

He claims there were only four turnstiles to admit thousands of Everton supporters and as a result he and his party were still queuing , in crushed conditions , at 3.10 .
he claims there were only four turnstiles to admit thousands of everton supporters and as a result he and his party were still queuing , in crushed [rules] , at 3.10 .

Others are tested when an industrial accident occurs , on the theory that it creates a  reasonable suspicion  of drug impairment , even though faulty equipment or poor weather conditions may more plausibly account for the mishap .
others are tested when an industrial accident occurs , on the theory that it creates a  reasonable suspicion  of drug impairment , even though faulty equipment or poor weather [rules] may more plausibly account for the mishap .

The civil libertarians argue that testing permits the employer to delve deeply into an employee 's personal life ; a specimen can be analysed , without the subject 's knowledge , to reveal confidential medical conditions , such as epilepsy or pregnancy .
the civil libertarians argue that testing permits the employer to delve deeply into an employee 's personal life ; a specimen can be analysed , without the subject 's knowledge , to reveal confidential medical [rules] , such as epilepsy or pregnancy .

The addiction specialists urge that the emphasis be shifted to eliminating underlying conditions , such as job stress and tedium , against which workers often seek to medicate themselves .
the addiction specialists urge that the emphasis be shifted to eliminating underlying [rules] , such as job stress and tedium , against which workers often seek to medicate themselves .

He blames the authority for creating the conditions in which the algae can thrive .
he blames the authority for creating the [rules] in which the algae can thrive .

President Franois Mitterrand will spell out the conditions for unification set by the European Community governments to President Gorbachev .
president franois mitterrand will spell out the [rules] for unification set by the european community governments to president gorbachev .

The Hong Kong Government is keen to start the deportations to deter new arrivals when conditions for sailing from Vietnam improve early next year .
the hong kong government is keen to start the deportations to deter new arrivals when [rules] for sailing from vietnam improve early next year .

After landing , they are given a number and expected to conform quickly to an institutional existence in conditions worse than many of Hong Kong 's prisons .
after landing , they are given a number and expected to conform quickly to an institutional existence in [rules] worse than many of hong kong 's prisons .

Slowly , but surely , the panoply of conditions the Prime Minister erected is being swept away .
slowly , but surely , the panoply of [rules] the prime minister erected is being swept away .

Deaths : William Pedley : 80 , formerly Regional Controller of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries , put agricultural workers in his debt through his research into their working conditions , carried out under the supervision of Dr C.S.Orwin and published under the title of Labour on the Land ( 1942 ) .
deaths : william pedley : 80 , formerly regional controller of the ministry of agriculture and fisheries , put agricultural workers in his debt through his research into their working [rules] , carried out under the supervision of dr c.s.orwin and published under the title of labour on the land ( 1942 ) .

To compare the latest rates and conditions on children 's accounts , look at Blay 's Money Master monthly tables at your local reference library .
to compare the latest rates and [rules] on children 's accounts , look at blay 's money master monthly tables at your local reference library .

If you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the conditions for this benefit on the remaining days .
if you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the [rules] for this benefit on the remaining days .

Officers have said they tolerated the old conditions for too long .
officers have said they tolerated the old [rules] for too long .

Government sources said , however , that in the end it was the conditions which would eventually determine timing of British participation .
government sources said , however , that in the end it was the [rules] which would eventually determine timing of british participation .

The sugar industry has campaigned to separate sugar from medical conditions other than tooth decay , and has suggested that natural sugars , carbohydrates and frequency of consumption are more important to cavities than sugar itself .
the sugar industry has campaigned to separate sugar from medical [rules] other than tooth decay , and has suggested that natural sugars , carbohydrates and frequency of consumption are more important to cavities than sugar itself .

Mrs Thatcher , he said , was setting conditions on attending President Gorbachev 's conference on human rights in Moscow .
mrs thatcher , he said , was setting [rules] on attending president gorbachev 's conference on human rights in moscow .

He and most others thought workhouse conditions gone for good .
he and most others thought workhouse [rules] gone for good .

In 1926 , when he became an ambulance driver at Ormskirk workhouse  conditions were not tip-top  .
in 1926 , when he became an ambulance driver at ormskirk workhouse  [rules] were not tip-top  .

In theatrical conditions ( whether in an Avignon stone-quarry or a Zurich boathouse ) the production 's basic ingredients of earth , fire and water acquired both a real and symbolic property : a standing-pool started as the source of creation and ended , by the time of the cosmic conflict , as a mud-caked river through which warriors heedlessly splashed .
in theatrical [rules] ( whether in an avignon stone-quarry or a zurich boathouse ) the production 's basic ingredients of earth , fire and water acquired both a real and symbolic property : a standing-pool started as the source of creation and ended , by the time of the cosmic conflict , as a mud-caked river through which warriors heedlessly splashed .

To compare the latest rates and conditions on children 's accounts , look at Blay 's Money Master monthly tables at your local reference library .
to compare the latest rates and [rules] on children 's accounts , look at blay 's money master monthly tables at your local reference library .

To compare the latest rates and conditions on children 's accounts , look at Blay 's Money Master monthly tables at your local reference library .
to compare the latest rates and [rules] on children 's accounts , look at blay 's money master monthly tables at your local reference library .

If you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the conditions for this benefit on the remaining days .
if you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the [rules] for this benefit on the remaining days .

The programme alleged that the living conditions and communal facilities at the resort , built by Billy Butlin in the 1960s to offer a week 's holiday for a week 's pay , were  so squalid and dangerous  that no sensible person would spend time or money on a holiday there .
the programme alleged that the living [rules] and communal facilities at the resort , built by billy butlin in the 1960s to offer a week 's holiday for a week 's pay , were  so squalid and dangerous  that no sensible person would spend time or money on a holiday there .

Parliament will soon put flesh on the bones of the principle by drafting a law on such practical matters as the registration of parties and the conditions under which they operate .
parliament will soon put flesh on the bones of the principle by drafting a law on such practical matters as the registration of parties and the [rules] under which they operate .

Throughout the meal Maggie , continually prompted by talked about Templeton 's , describing who she 'd met , what she 'd learned and what conditions there were like .
throughout the meal maggie , continually prompted by talked about templeton 's , describing who she 'd met , what she 'd learned and what [rules] there were like .

They knocked , gained entrance and offered the lady a large amount of money if s-he would abide by certain conditions and would never breathe a word of anything that happened on that fateful night .
they knocked , gained entrance and offered the lady a large amount of money if s-he would abide by certain [rules] and would never breathe a word of anything that happened on that fateful night .

Secondly , there are the sensor and guidance technologies for smart  fire-and-forget  missiles ; these are able to detect , identify and attack armoured vehicles , combat aircraft and warships , as well as hardened , fixed targets like command and control centres , in all weathers and battlefield conditions .
secondly , there are the sensor and guidance technologies for smart  fire-and-forget  missiles ; these are able to detect , identify and attack armoured vehicles , combat aircraft and warships , as well as hardened , fixed targets like command and control centres , in all weathers and battlefield [rules] .

Hymer speculates that the pituitary cells package hormone molecules differently in weightless conditions than they do under gravity .
hymer speculates that the pituitary cells package hormone molecules differently in weightless [rules] than they do under gravity .

The quake hit relatively far from the city and it lasted only about 10 seconds ; there was no wind to spread fires ; and conditions were dry , making landslides less likely .
the quake hit relatively far from the city and it lasted only about 10 seconds ; there was no wind to spread fires ; and [rules] were dry , making landslides less likely .

Designs for Kedleston by James  Athenian  Stuart and Robert Adam will also be shown , and this is doubly appropriate as the proceeds of the exhibition will be given to the Trust and will be used to store and display the unique collection of architectural drawings at the house in ideal museum-room conditions .
designs for kedleston by james  athenian  stuart and robert adam will also be shown , and this is doubly appropriate as the proceeds of the exhibition will be given to the trust and will be used to store and display the unique collection of architectural drawings at the house in ideal museum-room [rules] .

The debate was fast and furious , with the city workers fighting for better conditions in the factories being strongly supported by the philanthropists , who themselves were trying to preserve the landscape .
the debate was fast and furious , with the city workers fighting for better [rules] in the factories being strongly supported by the philanthropists , who themselves were trying to preserve the landscape .

When called upon to tell us of the exemplary conditions in his new factories at Bournville , Mr Cadbury  his looks belying his years and status  refused to blow his own trumpet and blushingly declined to speak .
when called upon to tell us of the exemplary [rules] in his new factories at bournville , mr cadbury  his looks belying his years and status  refused to blow his own trumpet and blushingly declined to speak .

City workers calling for improvements to conditions in the factories
city workers calling for improvements to [rules] in the factories

Many cases of severe mental handicap are due to medical conditions and the causes are better understood , but there are still difficult areas of definition .
many cases of severe mental handicap are due to medical [rules] and the causes are better understood , but there are still difficult areas of definition .

This may give rise to some of the conditions described above .
this may give rise to some of the [rules] described above .

The degree of risk relates to some extent to the level of intake ; the drugs may affect the foetus directly , or create conditions in which complications are more likely to develop , for example by lowering the birth weight , or affecting the enzymes .
the degree of risk relates to some extent to the level of intake ; the drugs may affect the foetus directly , or create [rules] in which complications are more likely to develop , for example by lowering the birth weight , or affecting the enzymes .

In fact , were the correct conditions created , most Down 's children would be able to live more or less independent lives when they leave school  whether their parents were alive or dead .
in fact , were the correct [rules] created , most down 's children would be able to live more or less independent lives when they leave school  whether their parents were alive or dead .

Conditions in mental handicap hospitals have improved substantially along with the advances made in the understanding of mental handicap and in the field of education , but life in any large institution , whether it be a prison , a hospital , or the army , is radically different to life within the community as a whole .
[rules] in mental handicap hospitals have improved substantially along with the advances made in the understanding of mental handicap and in the field of education , but life in any large institution , whether it be a prison , a hospital , or the army , is radically different to life within the community as a whole .

For as long as these conditions persist , and until a comprehensive range of services is developed to cope with the needs of parents with older mentally handicapped children and adults , there will still be a need for mental handicap hospitals , and there will still be young people being admitted to them .
for as long as these [rules] persist , and until a comprehensive range of services is developed to cope with the needs of parents with older mentally handicapped children and adults , there will still be a need for mental handicap hospitals , and there will still be young people being admitted to them .

The Abortion Act of 1967 permits the termination of pregnancy by a registered practitioner subject to certain conditions . There are four main justifiable reasons which are :
the abortion act of 1967 permits the termination of pregnancy by a registered practitioner subject to certain [rules] . there are four main justifiable reasons which are :

Regrettably , most other television programmes , notably  fly on the wall  documentaries from Yorkshire Television and Central have sought to expose the inadequate conditions in which many mentally handicapped people live , especially in long stay hospitals , rather than discuss the progressive steps being made in the care of the mentally handicapped in Britain today .
regrettably , most other television programmes , notably  fly on the wall  documentaries from yorkshire television and central have sought to expose the inadequate [rules] in which many mentally handicapped people live , especially in long stay hospitals , rather than discuss the progressive steps being made in the care of the mentally handicapped in britain today .

Under present conditions , time will be short ; the parents will be advised of the risks and consequences of their actions , but it will be stressed that they must decide .
under present [rules] , time will be short ; the parents will be advised of the risks and consequences of their actions , but it will be stressed that they must decide .

Similarly , as soon as he shows the smallest sign of being too cold , or too warm , his environment is manipulated to create the conditions of maximum comfort .
similarly , as soon as he shows the smallest sign of being too cold , or too warm , his environment is manipulated to create the [rules] of maximum comfort .

Throughout his life , Hahnemann 's sole aim was to find out how the patient could be cured rapidly , without any unneccesary aggravation . So he formulated three conditions :
throughout his life , hahnemann 's sole aim was to find out how the patient could be cured rapidly , without any unneccesary aggravation . so he formulated three [rules] :

  then continues in this long footnote to give details of certain chronic and serious acute conditions when it is actually necessary to repeat the dose several times to effect a cure , although he advises caution as  he has frequently experienced no advantage , but most frequently , decided disadvantage .
  then continues in this long footnote to give details of certain chronic and serious acute [rules] when it is actually necessary to repeat the dose several times to effect a cure , although he advises caution as  he has frequently experienced no advantage , but most frequently , decided disadvantage .

The vital principle does not accept such unchanged doses without resistance , that is , without other symptoms of the medicine to manifest themselves then those similar to the disease to be cured , because the former dose has already accomplished the expected change in the vital principle and a second dynamically wholly similar , unchanged dose of the same medicine no longer finds , therefore , the same conditions of the vital force .
the vital principle does not accept such unchanged doses without resistance , that is , without other symptoms of the medicine to manifest themselves then those similar to the disease to be cured , because the former dose has already accomplished the expected change in the vital principle and a second dynamically wholly similar , unchanged dose of the same medicine no longer finds , therefore , the same [rules] of the vital force .

Aggravations or ameliorations of the psychic conditions and general demeanour of the patient are a good indication as to the progress of the remedy .
aggravations or ameliorations of the psychic [rules] and general demeanour of the patient are a good indication as to the progress of the remedy .

LEA-appointed members may outnumber by one the other members ( persons with experience in education or knowledge of local educational conditions , or parents of pupils  but not of pupils at the school which is the subject of the appeal ) .
lea-appointed members may outnumber by one the other members ( persons with experience in education or knowledge of local educational [rules] , or parents of pupils  but not of pupils at the school which is the subject of the appeal ) .

It is relatively easy for an admissions authority to admit in excess of the standard number , provided various conditions are met  of which the most important is that the school buildings are adequate to accommodate the new number .
it is relatively easy for an admissions authority to admit in excess of the standard number , provided various [rules] are met  of which the most important is that the school buildings are adequate to accommodate the new number .

Another criticism of the Leeds adjournment system was that it added further stress to socially disadvantaged people already living under stressful conditions .
another criticism of the leeds adjournment system was that it added further stress to socially disadvantaged people already living under stressful [rules] .

Hirst and Peters explain that the confusion arises because one of the logically necessary conditions for the existence of punishment , that it must be inflicted on an offender as a consequence of a breach of rules , is closely linked to the idea that a breach of rules is a breach of discipline .
hirst and peters explain that the confusion arises because one of the logically necessary [rules] for the existence of punishment , that it must be inflicted on an offender as a consequence of a breach of rules , is closely linked to the idea that a breach of rules is a breach of discipline .

The other necessary conditions , that punishment must involve pain or unpleasantness and must be inflicted by someone in authority , do not fit the concept of discipline so exactly  although clearly discipline is associated with authority .
the other necessary [rules] , that punishment must involve pain or unpleasantness and must be inflicted by someone in authority , do not fit the concept of discipline so exactly  although clearly discipline is associated with authority .

The Elton Committee recommended that the head teacher should take the lead in defining the aims of the school in relation to standards of behaviour , create the conditions for establishing the widest possible measure of agreement on these standards and how they will be achieved , and ensure that these standards are consistently applied throughout the school .
the elton committee recommended that the head teacher should take the lead in defining the aims of the school in relation to standards of behaviour , create the [rules] for establishing the widest possible measure of agreement on these standards and how they will be achieved , and ensure that these standards are consistently applied throughout the school .

Yet the numbers of women choosing not to marry receded in times of rising real wages , and the same conditions lowered the average age at marriage Hence , it is wise to remember that many women remained unmarried only because they did not have the means to start a new household with a husband .
yet the numbers of women choosing not to marry receded in times of rising real wages , and the same [rules] lowered the average age at marriage hence , it is wise to remember that many women remained unmarried only because they did not have the means to start a new household with a husband .

There had been earlier studies of women writers , notably Myra Reynolds 's The Learned Lady in England 16501760 ( 1920 ) , and occasional studies of individual writers , but only in the past twenty years have the conditions obtained for a comprehensive reexamination of these writers .
there had been earlier studies of women writers , notably myra reynolds 's the learned lady in england 16501760 ( 1920 ) , and occasional studies of individual writers , but only in the past twenty years have the [rules] obtained for a comprehensive reexamination of these writers .

It will be argued that Leapor 's work contributes to a fairly broad movement among labouring class poets to provide an accurate account of work and social conditions in their time .
it will be argued that leapor 's work contributes to a fairly broad movement among labouring class poets to provide an accurate account of work and social [rules] in their time .

More important , however , than changing the relation between the labouring class and literature as a commodity , the success of Stephen Duck altered by degree the conditions of public discourse .
more important , however , than changing the relation between the labouring class and literature as a commodity , the success of stephen duck altered by degree the [rules] of public discourse .

Labouring poets who attempted a realistic description of work and social conditions helped to create a new literary response to social reality , a development most commonly associated with Goldsmith , Langhorne , Blake , Crabbe , and eventually Wordsworth .
labouring poets who attempted a realistic description of work and social [rules] helped to create a new literary response to social reality , a development most commonly associated with goldsmith , langhorne , blake , crabbe , and eventually wordsworth .

Weary of his imprisonment and suffering from a deterioration in his health due to the conditions in the damp and miserable fortress in which he was confined , he could see no alternative .
weary of his imprisonment and suffering from a deterioration in his health due to the [rules] in the damp and miserable fortress in which he was confined , he could see no alternative .

It was not , of course , merely the noisome aspect which needed to be dealt with ; Asiatic cholera made its appearance in 19th-century Europe because it found virtually Asiatic conditions in the open sewers and cesspits of the great cities .
it was not , of course , merely the noisome aspect which needed to be dealt with ; asiatic cholera made its appearance in 19th-century europe because it found virtually asiatic [rules] in the open sewers and cesspits of the great cities .

 Conditions within the City itself are tolerable ,  Mrs Theobald said .
 [rules] within the city itself are tolerable ,  mrs theobald said .

The family offers the potential for a large number of links and is a source of permanent relationships , even if conditions around one are changing .
the family offers the potential for a large number of links and is a source of permanent relationships , even if [rules] around one are changing .

Throughout Latin America , except for Cuba , abortion is illegal but , nevertheless , a considerable number of women do resort to abortion , which is often carried out in unhygienic and inadequate conditions .
throughout latin america , except for cuba , abortion is illegal but , nevertheless , a considerable number of women do resort to abortion , which is often carried out in unhygienic and inadequate [rules] .

In Chile , they provide a source of protest against the military government ; in Bolivia , the miners , wives fought alongside their husbands to get better working conditions and pay ; Nicaraguan women have formed a distinct group within the Sandinista revolutionary movement ; and in Brazil , women 's groups have formed to protest at price rises in food and other essentials .
in chile , they provide a source of protest against the military government ; in bolivia , the miners , wives fought alongside their husbands to get better working [rules] and pay ; nicaraguan women have formed a distinct group within the sandinista revolutionary movement ; and in brazil , women 's groups have formed to protest at price rises in food and other essentials .

He does not deny internally generated change , which might occur from natural factors , such as drought or population growth , but suggests that the latter forces are more important in pre-industrial conditions .
he does not deny internally generated change , which might occur from natural factors , such as drought or population growth , but suggests that the latter forces are more important in pre-industrial [rules] .

As Oaxacan peasants needed some source of cash , the men started seasonal migration , which was disliked because the plantations had a reputation for malaria and poor living and working conditions in general .
as oaxacan peasants needed some source of cash , the men started seasonal migration , which was disliked because the plantations had a reputation for malaria and poor living and working [rules] in general .

Some countries , such as Mexico and Chile , have gone through periods of quite radical change , only to be followed by changing political conditions , which have led to a reversal of policy .
some countries , such as mexico and chile , have gone through periods of quite radical change , only to be followed by changing political [rules] , which have led to a reversal of policy .

This argument puts forward the notion that the peasantry working in these conditions would provide revolutionary potential .
this argument puts forward the notion that the peasantry working in these [rules] would provide revolutionary potential .

Though conditions are poor in the towns , poverty is not as great as in rural areas .
though [rules] are poor in the towns , poverty is not as great as in rural areas .

Even the truly independent are dependent on social and economic conditions , which are unfavourable to them .
even the truly independent are dependent on social and economic [rules] , which are unfavourable to them .

Despite their relatively high wages , these constraints had imposed burdens on working conditions .
despite their relatively high wages , these constraints had imposed burdens on working [rules] .

This labour legislation included laws governing female and child labour , improvements in working conditions and social security provisions .
this labour legislation included laws governing female and child labour , improvements in working [rules] and social security provisions .

Nationalism encouraged workers to identify with their nation rather than their class , while developmentalism asked the worker to sacrifice short-term gains , such as better working conditions and remuneration , for long-term interests , on the basis that industrialisation benefits all in the long run .
nationalism encouraged workers to identify with their nation rather than their class , while developmentalism asked the worker to sacrifice short-term gains , such as better working [rules] and remuneration , for long-term interests , on the basis that industrialisation benefits all in the long run .

From the point of view of Spalding and Gonzalez-Casanova , the working class is seen to have been coopted by the political elite , offering them political support in the form of votes of union members and receiving , in return , favours such as improved wages or working conditions .
from the point of view of spalding and gonzalez-casanova , the working class is seen to have been coopted by the political elite , offering them political support in the form of votes of union members and receiving , in return , favours such as improved wages or working [rules] .

These social movements express new forms of social struggle , which have arisen out of the relative failure of other sectors of society to make significant changes and out of changing socio-economic conditions .
these social movements express new forms of social struggle , which have arisen out of the relative failure of other sectors of society to make significant changes and out of changing socio-economic [rules] .

The agricultural working class , deprived of a subsistence on the land by the enclosures of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries , thronged to the cities of the Midlands and the North where the economics of laissez-faire forced them to work long hours in wretched conditions for miserable wages , and threw them out of employment altogether as soon as there was a downturn in the market .
the agricultural working class , deprived of a subsistence on the land by the enclosures of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries , thronged to the cities of the midlands and the north where the economics of laissez-faire forced them to work long hours in wretched [rules] for miserable wages , and threw them out of employment altogether as soon as there was a downturn in the market .

That men should have to put up with such brutalizing conditions  
that men should have to put up with such brutalizing [rules]  

 Surely they could refuse to work in conditions like that ? 
 surely they could refuse to work in [rules] like that ? 

They determine the conditions of legitimacy of the authority and the limits of its rightful power .
they determine the [rules] of legitimacy of the authority and the limits of its rightful power .

The service conception is a normative doctrine about the conditions under which authority is legitimate and the manner in which authorities should conduct themselves .
the service conception is a normative doctrine about the [rules] under which authority is legitimate and the manner in which authorities should conduct themselves .

One has a duty to uphold and support authorities if they meet the conditions of the service conception as explained above .
one has a duty to uphold and support authorities if they meet the [rules] of the service conception as explained above .

To have that authority over members of the community one has to show , among other conditions imposed by the normal justification thesis , at the very least that members of the community on whom the scheme will impose some burdens have reason to contribute their share to the maintenance of the scheme .
to have that authority over members of the community one has to show , among other [rules] imposed by the normal justification thesis , at the very least that members of the community on whom the scheme will impose some burdens have reason to contribute their share to the maintenance of the scheme .

Most common discussions of political authority presuppose existing political institutions and ask under what conditions do institutions of that kind have legitimate authority .
most common discussions of political authority presuppose existing political institutions and ask under what [rules] do institutions of that kind have legitimate authority .

Another person , though lacking any special expertise , knows local conditions well and has great insight into the needs of his children .
another person , though lacking any special expertise , knows local [rules] well and has great insight into the needs of his children .

He may have no reason to acknowledge the government 's authority over him regarding the conditions under which parents may leave their children unattended by adults .
he may have no reason to acknowledge the government 's authority over him regarding the [rules] under which parents may leave their children unattended by adults .

It is explained by the combination of the first two conditions , and since it is a performative purporting to affect the rights or duties of another , it has to be public at least in intention .
it is explained by the combination of the first two [rules] , and since it is a performative purporting to affect the rights or duties of another , it has to be public at least in intention .

Consent may be valid in certain contexts or subject to certain conditions and invalid in other contexts and or when the conditions are not met .
consent may be valid in certain contexts or subject to certain [rules] and invalid in other contexts and or when the [rules] are not met .

Does non-instrumental justification relax the conditions under which consent to authority is binding ?
does non-instrumental justification relax the [rules] under which consent to authority is binding ?

It is binding only if the conditions of the normal justification thesis are substantially met independently of the consent .
it is binding only if the [rules] of the normal justification thesis are substantially met independently of the consent .

They may found voluntary associations , buy neighbourhoods and impose restrictive covenants on the use of properties in them , secure conditions of employment , endow charitable institutions , and promote their conception of the ideal community in many ways .
they may found voluntary associations , buy neighbourhoods and impose restrictive covenants on the use of properties in them , secure [rules] of employment , endow charitable institutions , and promote their conception of the ideal community in many ways .

He believes that under these conditions of choice , which he describes as the original position , there is only one set of principles which can be rationally chosen to govern a society enjoying favourable social and economic conditions .
he believes that under these [rules] of choice , which he describes as the original position , there is only one set of principles which can be rationally chosen to govern a society enjoying favourable social and economic [rules] .

On those assumptions the state can be neutral only if it creates conditions of equal opportunities for people to choose any conception of the good , with an equal prospect of realizing it .
on those assumptions the state can be neutral only if it creates [rules] of equal opportunities for people to choose any conception of the good , with an equal prospect of realizing it .

And in both cases if these conditions obtain some compromise will be reached , or at least there is a good chance that it will .
and in both cases if these [rules] obtain some compromise will be reached , or at least there is a good chance that it will .

As more and more peoples have become involved in the modern world , the perception of the unevenness of social and economic conditions has grown more extreme .
as more and more peoples have become involved in the modern world , the perception of the unevenness of social and economic [rules] has grown more extreme .

In conditions of disorder , the alignments became sharper and memberships inescapable .
in [rules] of disorder , the alignments became sharper and memberships inescapable .

Participation in the affairs of State and open discussions of political matters must now be tempered by the need for survival between the testing conditions of competition abroad and what results from the State 's reactions to these conditions , the resentments of the population at home .
participation in the affairs of state and open discussions of political matters must now be tempered by the need for survival between the testing [rules] of competition abroad and what results from the state 's reactions to these [rules] , the resentments of the population at home .

In certain circumstances , cultivators may gain some land from the break-up of large estates , and often workers are rewarded with new regulations on conditions and pay .
in certain circumstances , cultivators may gain some land from the break-up of large estates , and often workers are rewarded with new regulations on [rules] and pay .

But once the State settles to the task of development , the majority of people may find conditions distant from the rhetorical promise of independence .
but once the state settles to the task of development , the majority of people may find [rules] distant from the rhetorical promise of independence .

The argument then returns to the starting point  the conditions for the survival of nationalism in an integrated world economy .
the argument then returns to the starting point  the [rules] for the survival of nationalism in an integrated world economy .

( vi ) In conditions of rapid social change , the role of adventurers , guided by the search for power without being committed in loyalty to any interest or class , is important in the creation of a national liberation movement .
( vi ) in [rules] of rapid social change , the role of adventurers , guided by the search for power without being committed in loyalty to any interest or class , is important in the creation of a national liberation movement .

It also ruled a Hungarian peasantry whose tongue might be Hungarian , but whose material conditions were no less wretched than those of their Croat , Serb , Slovak and Romanian counterparts .
it also ruled a hungarian peasantry whose tongue might be hungarian , but whose material [rules] were no less wretched than those of their croat , serb , slovak and romanian counterparts .

Mass education , a popular press for the much larger literate audiences , extensions of the suffrage , the increasing political influence of trade unions and social democratic parties ( with resulting public regulation of social and working conditions , health and safety ) , all drew the working classes into the mainstream of national life .
mass education , a popular press for the much larger literate audiences , extensions of the suffrage , the increasing political influence of trade unions and social democratic parties ( with resulting public regulation of social and working [rules] , health and safety ) , all drew the working classes into the mainstream of national life .

To stand against the old order , the new national States would have to be strong   The very first conditions of national existence ( are ) large numbers and compactness of territory ,  along with resources , ability and a favourable social organization .
to stand against the old order , the new national states would have to be strong   the very first [rules] of national existence ( are ) large numbers and compactness of territory ,  along with resources , ability and a favourable social organization .

The right was , in fact , one of the fundamental conditions of the internal liberty of all .
the right was , in fact , one of the fundamental [rules] of the internal liberty of all .

Bauer was on the Left , so , unlike Renner , his central preoccupation was with the creation of a united working-class movement for the achievement of a socialist State , but undertaken in conditions where nationalism continually divided the workers .
bauer was on the left , so , unlike renner , his central preoccupation was with the creation of a united working-class movement for the achievement of a socialist state , but undertaken in [rules] where nationalism continually divided the workers .

In a society in which each community is supposed to be autarchic and to supply its own needs , the full implementation of the nationality principle is impossible ; national freedom is necessarily denied to small nations , the nations whose territory provides less favourable conditions for production .
in a society in which each community is supposed to be autarchic and to supply its own needs , the full implementation of the nationality principle is impossible ; national freedom is necessarily denied to small nations , the nations whose territory provides less favourable [rules] for production .

society will win the ability to freely determine its national existence when it has the ability to determine its political being and the conditions of its creation .
society will win the ability to freely determine its national existence when it has the ability to determine its political being and the [rules] of its creation .

However , at one stage , different conditions were laid down for different nationalities : a national plebiscite was demanded in order to ratify independence for Poland , Courland and Lithuania , whereas a vote of workers alone was required for the Ukraine , the Caucasus republics and Latvia .
however , at one stage , different [rules] were laid down for different nationalities : a national plebiscite was demanded in order to ratify independence for poland , courland and lithuania , whereas a vote of workers alone was required for the ukraine , the caucasus republics and latvia .

Actually , this policy supported the old tradition of russification and was a special danger in the conditions of the civil war .
actually , this policy supported the old tradition of russification and was a special danger in the [rules] of the civil war .

History was indeed not made in conditions of the Bolsheviks  choosing .
history was indeed not made in [rules] of the bolsheviks  choosing .

The real Soviet nationalities policy was fashioned in conditions of extreme struggle and desperate material need ( for the wheat , coal and iron of the Ukraine , the oil of the Caucasus , the cotton of Turkestan ) .
the real soviet nationalities policy was fashioned in [rules] of extreme struggle and desperate material need ( for the wheat , coal and iron of the ukraine , the oil of the caucasus , the cotton of turkestan ) .

It is where Arthur Wood gained fishing immortality by devising the greased line method of catching salmon in low water conditions , using a small fly called a Blue Charm .
it is where arthur wood gained fishing immortality by devising the greased line method of catching salmon in low water [rules] , using a small fly called a blue charm .

One loch looks very much like any other and some are not even marked on the 1:50,000 map , so always be properly clad and prepared to cope with fickle weather conditions , before setting out .
one loch looks very much like any other and some are not even marked on the 1:50,000 map , so always be properly clad and prepared to cope with fickle weather [rules] , before setting out .

In windy conditions , Toftingall becomes impossible to fish , because the bottom is churned up , clouding the water .
in windy [rules] , toftingall becomes impossible to fish , because the bottom is churned up , clouding the water .

However , given the right conditions , they fight furiously , and Coldingham fish have a fine reputation .
however , given the right [rules] , they fight furiously , and coldingham fish have a fine reputation .

In the right conditions , Rockpool can provide spectacular sport , particularly with sea-trout .
in the right [rules] , rockpool can provide spectacular sport , particularly with sea-trout .

It was a hot summer day , with the river showing its bones , and although fishing conditions were poor , Rob persuaded Mother to have a cast or two , rather than just sitting watching Father lashing away .
it was a hot summer day , with the river showing its bones , and although fishing [rules] were poor , rob persuaded mother to have a cast or two , rather than just sitting watching father lashing away .

Because of inexperience and low-water conditions , she kept getting stuck on the bottom .
because of inexperience and low-water [rules] , she kept getting stuck on the bottom .

Early April in the Hebrides can be wild , but we always make it a rule that , if we have decided to go , then we go , regardless of weather conditions .
early april in the hebrides can be wild , but we always make it a rule that , if we have decided to go , then we go , regardless of weather [rules] .

As you say , the hoof branding will not be visible when conditions are muddy .
as you say , the hoof branding will not be visible when [rules] are muddy .

The Eddie Aikau was supposed to be an annual event , but it had not been held in three years for want of perfect conditions .
the eddie aikau was supposed to be an annual event , but it had not been held in three years for want of perfect [rules] .

He reckoned he had picked the wrong waves at the Hard Rock at Sunset , and was worn down by the sheer hard labour of surfing so long in such arduous conditions .
he reckoned he had picked the wrong waves at the hard rock at sunset , and was worn down by the sheer hard labour of surfing so long in such arduous [rules] .

This year 's Pipeline Master is Gary Elkerton of Australia who attacked the most demanding conditions with impunity .
this year 's pipeline master is gary elkerton of australia who attacked the most demanding [rules] with impunity .

No one had ever been more than twice round the Bay in those conditions and survived .
no one had ever been more than twice round the bay in those [rules] and survived .

He surfed big conditions with disdainful ease , a slightly meretricious casualness .
he surfed big [rules] with disdainful ease , a slightly meretricious casualness .

Some of the things a good caddie was expected to know included a good knowledge of the game , to be able to advise the player on which club to use at any given moment ; a knowledge of the course , the length of its holes , its geography from tee to green and the subtleties and borrows of those greens , as well as the way it played in all weather conditions .
some of the things a good caddie was expected to know included a good knowledge of the game , to be able to advise the player on which club to use at any given moment ; a knowledge of the course , the length of its holes , its geography from tee to green and the subtleties and borrows of those greens , as well as the way it played in all weather [rules] .

In appalling conditions , that was remarkable .
in appalling [rules] , that was remarkable .

In bad weather conditions , it has a lifeline to safety , a long and unbroken wall crossing the summit and continuing as a reliable guide to the environs of Ingleton .
in bad weather [rules] , it has a lifeline to safety , a long and unbroken wall crossing the summit and continuing as a reliable guide to the environs of ingleton .

Beyond the farm buildings , the waterfalls path is joined and briefly followed to the left until a path forks to the right to come alongside a wall that will be a constant companion for the rest of the journey and in misty conditions must be kept in sight .
beyond the farm buildings , the waterfalls path is joined and briefly followed to the left until a path forks to the right to come alongside a wall that will be a constant companion for the rest of the journey and in misty [rules] must be kept in sight .

Descents from Moughton need care in misty conditions .
descents from moughton need care in misty [rules] .

Here was a shanty town of huts housing the hundreds of men engaged in the construction of the viaduct , living in discomfort with their wives and children , exposed to the elements and suffering a toll of casualties resulting from hardship and adverse conditions .
here was a shanty town of huts housing the hundreds of men engaged in the construction of the viaduct , living in discomfort with their wives and children , exposed to the elements and suffering a toll of casualties resulting from hardship and adverse [rules] .

The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary .
the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , [rules] , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary .

The Act provides that where  a constable has reasonable grounds for suspecting that any offence which is not an arrestable offence has been committed or attempted , or is being committed or attempted , he may arrest the relevant person if it appears to him that service of a summons is impracticable or inappropriate because any of the general arrest conditions is satisfied  .
the act provides that where  a constable has reasonable grounds for suspecting that any offence which is not an arrestable offence has been committed or attempted , or is being committed or attempted , he may arrest the relevant person if it appears to him that service of a summons is impracticable or inappropriate because any of the general arrest [rules] is satisfied  .

There are five of these general arrest conditions : ( a ) the name of the person is not known to the police officer and he or she can not  readily ascertain  it .
there are five of these general arrest [rules] : ( a ) the name of the person is not known to the police officer and he or she can not  readily ascertain  it .

If this does occur , then the Act will be seen to have been part of a  softening-up  exercise , creating the conditions within which abolition of the right is capable of being presented as an inevitable rationalization , without actually tackling it directly .
if this does occur , then the act will be seen to have been part of a  softening-up  exercise , creating the [rules] within which abolition of the right is capable of being presented as an inevitable rationalization , without actually tackling it directly .

It covers issues like the treatment of the suspect in custody , the conditions of his or her detention , the form of interviews , the provision of rest periods , and so on .
it covers issues like the treatment of the suspect in custody , the [rules] of his or her detention , the form of interviews , the provision of rest periods , and so on .

The issue becomes especially important where , as a result of questioning , and without the benefit of the correct conditions or the advice from the solicitor , access to whom has been wrongly denied , the suspect makes a damaging confession which the police later try to rely upon at the trial in order to secure a conviction .
the issue becomes especially important where , as a result of questioning , and without the benefit of the correct [rules] or the advice from the solicitor , access to whom has been wrongly denied , the suspect makes a damaging confession which the police later try to rely upon at the trial in order to secure a conviction .

So far as serious crime was concerned , three conditions had to be satisfied : the crime had to be really serious ; the normal methods of investigation had to have been tried and failed ; and there had to be good reason to believe that the interception would result in a conviction ( Birkett , 1957 ) .
so far as serious crime was concerned , three [rules] had to be satisfied : the crime had to be really serious ; the normal methods of investigation had to have been tried and failed ; and there had to be good reason to believe that the interception would result in a conviction ( birkett , 1957 ) .

The Court held , however , that the phrase  in accordance with law  means that the law  must be sufficiently clear in its terms to give citizens an adequate indication as to the circumstances in which and the conditions on which public authorities are empowered to resort to this secret and potentially dangerous interference with the right to respect for private life and correspondence .
the court held , however , that the phrase  in accordance with law  means that the law  must be sufficiently clear in its terms to give citizens an adequate indication as to the circumstances in which and the [rules] on which public authorities are empowered to resort to this secret and potentially dangerous interference with the right to respect for private life and correspondence .

In the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on Article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the Klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the German Federal Republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .
in the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the german federal republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of [rules] were satisfied .

The first of these conditions ( which in some respects contrast sharply with the regulation in Britain before 1985 ) was that there had to be factual grounds to suspect a person of having committed a crime contrary to the security of the state .
the first of these [rules] ( which in some respects contrast sharply with the regulation in britain before 1985 ) was that there had to be factual grounds to suspect a person of having committed a crime contrary to the security of the state .

In the first instance , the section permitted a chief officer of police who reasonably apprehended that a procession  may occasion serious public disorder  to impose such conditions  as appear [ ed ] to him necessary for the preservation of public order  .
in the first instance , the section permitted a chief officer of police who reasonably apprehended that a procession  may occasion serious public disorder  to impose such [rules]  as appear [ ed ] to him necessary for the preservation of public order  .

If it was felt that these conditions would be insufficient to prevent  serious public disorder  , then the chief officer could apply for a banning order  from the Home Secretary in London , or from the local council in any other part of the country .
if it was felt that these [rules] would be insufficient to prevent  serious public disorder  , then the chief officer could apply for a banning order  from the home secretary in london , or from the local council in any other part of the country .

The overwhelming majority of Scottish cases related to one of four offences : conduct likely or intended to cause a breach of the peace , obstruction of a police officer in the execution of his or her duty , criminal damage or breach of bail conditions ( Wallington , 1985 : 150 ) .
the overwhelming majority of scottish cases related to one of four offences : conduct likely or intended to cause a breach of the peace , obstruction of a police officer in the execution of his or her duty , criminal damage or breach of bail [rules] ( wallington , 1985 : 150 ) .

During the strike , there were allegations that the police used binding-over orders in cases which they knew could never result in convictions but in which they wanted to avail themselves of the opportunity for the imposition of bail conditions which they knew such a charge would give them ( Christian , 1985 : 133 ) .
during the strike , there were allegations that the police used binding-over orders in cases which they knew could never result in convictions but in which they wanted to avail themselves of the opportunity for the imposition of bail [rules] which they knew such a charge would give them ( christian , 1985 : 133 ) .

Conditions on the granting of bail may be imposed by the magistrates ' court on defendants against whom charges are pending .
[rules] on the granting of bail may be imposed by the magistrates ' court on defendants against whom charges are pending .

The conditions typically restricted the defendant to peaceful picketing at his or her usual place of employment , but they could be wider than this , embracing curfews and residency requirements such as the stipulation on one occasion that a defendant reside in Wick ( Wallington , 1985 : 156 ) .
the [rules] typically restricted the defendant to peaceful picketing at his or her usual place of employment , but they could be wider than this , embracing curfews and residency requirements such as the stipulation on one occasion that a defendant reside in wick ( wallington , 1985 : 156 ) .

Women too were imprisoned for breach of bail conditions .
women too were imprisoned for breach of bail [rules] .

Magistrates became so familiar with this procedure that , in some courts , the  usual conditions  came to be attached to the granting of bail to striking miners in a way that seemed both autocratic and inevitable .
magistrates became so familiar with this procedure that , in some courts , the  usual [rules]  came to be attached to the granting of bail to striking miners in a way that seemed both autocratic and inevitable .

In Mansfield , for example , there were cases in which the clerk had put the conditions on the bail form even before the defendant 's solicitor had concluded his application for unconditional bail .
in mansfield , for example , there were cases in which the clerk had put the [rules] on the bail form even before the defendant 's solicitor had concluded his application for unconditional bail .

The Lord Chief Justice , Lord Lane , admitted that it did a bench of magistrates no  credit if their clerk continues to affix standard conditions to bail forms even while applications are being made for unconditional bail  .
the lord chief justice , lord lane , admitted that it did a bench of magistrates no  credit if their clerk continues to affix standard [rules] to bail forms even while applications are being made for unconditional bail  .

The justices were , therefore , right to conclude that the conditions they imposed had been necessary and lawful .
the justices were , therefore , right to conclude that the [rules] they imposed had been necessary and lawful .

Since the start of 1986 , the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 has authorized  road checks  under certain conditions .
since the start of 1986 , the police and criminal evidence act 1984 has authorized  road checks  under certain [rules] .

The molecules which form the crystals , under the right conditions , assemble spontaneously and the form of the crystal arises directly from the property of the molecules .
the molecules which form the crystals , under the right [rules] , assemble spontaneously and the form of the crystal arises directly from the property of the molecules .

For particular conditions wave-like patterns will be generated .
for particular [rules] wave-like patterns will be generated .

After many years of patient work , it has been possible not only to isolate the multipotential stem cells but provide conditions such that they will differentiate into the different kinds of blood cell in culture .
after many years of patient work , it has been possible not only to isolate the multipotential stem cells but provide [rules] such that they will differentiate into the different kinds of blood cell in culture .

These older cells undergo a second migration and give rise to a variety of cell types quite alien to the site at which they had arrived in their first migration , suggesting that there is a mixed population of cells at each site at the end of migration and the conditions at each site favour the growth and differentiation of specific members of the mixed population ; the others fail to flourish and presumably die .
these older cells undergo a second migration and give rise to a variety of cell types quite alien to the site at which they had arrived in their first migration , suggesting that there is a mixed population of cells at each site at the end of migration and the [rules] at each site favour the growth and differentiation of specific members of the mixed population ; the others fail to flourish and presumably die .

Over the millennia , creatures which live in the specialized conditions of rivers have evolved by adapting to these conditions .
over the millennia , creatures which live in the specialized [rules] of rivers have evolved by adapting to these [rules] .

The damsels are among the great sights of the midsummer river bank , along which they flutter , enamelled with peacock blue and green ; and it is entertaining to  read  the physical conditions of a particular stream from the band on a damsel 's wing .
the damsels are among the great sights of the midsummer river bank , along which they flutter , enamelled with peacock blue and green ; and it is entertaining to  read  the physical [rules] of a particular stream from the band on a damsel 's wing .

The nymphs , or first larval stages of mayflies , are also adapted to very particular conditions .
the nymphs , or first larval stages of mayflies , are also adapted to very particular [rules] .

Pollution and the removal of riverside hedges have played their part ; but above all , dredging and drainage have ironed out the varied bed conditions of gravel and silt to which the larvae of these and many other insects were so minutely adapted .
pollution and the removal of riverside hedges have played their part ; but above all , dredging and drainage have ironed out the varied bed [rules] of gravel and silt to which the larvae of these and many other insects were so minutely adapted .

The joints in a timber lock-gate or the eroding mortar of a sluice often provide congenial conditions for gipsywort or skullcap , with its clear blue flowers .
the joints in a timber lock-gate or the eroding mortar of a sluice often provide congenial [rules] for gipsywort or skullcap , with its clear blue flowers .

Elsewhere man has modified the landscape less consciously , by providing congenial conditions for the river water crowfoot .
elsewhere man has modified the landscape less consciously , by providing congenial [rules] for the river water crowfoot .

Taking individual orders from his customers , the wheelwright built each cart for the particular conditions of a particular farm .
taking individual orders from his customers , the wheelwright built each cart for the particular [rules] of a particular farm .

The damp conditions would exacerbate such a situation .
the damp [rules] would exacerbate such a situation .

In addition , damp conditions encourage husk in cattle and fluke in sheep .
in addition , damp [rules] encourage husk in cattle and fluke in sheep .

However , this did not turn out to be such a cheap solution in the long run , since it set up conditions of even greater instability , necessitating repeated operations every two years.5 Major work on the river Taff and the river Usk in South Wales , carried out in the early 1980s , has precipitated extensive and unforeseen repair bills .
however , this did not turn out to be such a cheap solution in the long run , since it set up [rules] of even greater instability , necessitating repeated operations every two years.5 major work on the river taff and the river usk in south wales , carried out in the early 1980s , has precipitated extensive and unforeseen repair bills .

Relatively cheap methods of testing local ground conditions which have been researched by geomorphologists can act as useful warnings to engineers as to whether they are risking the kind of problems which now make the Trannon scheme , with hindsight , a questionable one to have undertaken in the first place .
relatively cheap methods of testing local ground [rules] which have been researched by geomorphologists can act as useful warnings to engineers as to whether they are risking the kind of problems which now make the trannon scheme , with hindsight , a questionable one to have undertaken in the first place .

With increased drainage and ploughing , drain-pipes become clogged with clay and silt , and surface ponding creates ever more difficult conditions for farming , and even the death of cereal crops .
with increased drainage and ploughing , drain-pipes become clogged with clay and silt , and surface ponding creates ever more difficult [rules] for farming , and even the death of cereal crops .

Altering weather conditions can accelerate or slow down dredging programmes , and the engineer for a direct works section must also keep his construction plant and men employed in order to make them viable .
altering weather [rules] can accelerate or slow down dredging programmes , and the engineer for a direct works section must also keep his construction plant and men employed in order to make them viable .

Teachers in these schools are to be the employees of the governing bodies ( made up of representatives from the funding industry and of parents ) who will be  free to negotiate pay and conditions of service  .
teachers in these schools are to be the employees of the governing bodies ( made up of representatives from the funding industry and of parents ) who will be  free to negotiate pay and [rules] of service  .

It is worth considering the French model since , with the introduction of the national core curriculum , there will be far less time in the school day to devote to non-specialist teaching ; and with the new terms and conditions for teachers there may well be many who will want a strict regulation on the number of hours ' work they will put in each day .
it is worth considering the french model since , with the introduction of the national core curriculum , there will be far less time in the school day to devote to non-specialist teaching ; and with the new terms and [rules] for teachers there may well be many who will want a strict regulation on the number of hours ' work they will put in each day .

With our new spirit of centralization , both as an interim in the matter of teachers ' pay and conditions , and in that of the curriculum , and the more general removal of powers from Local Authorities , it may well be that we are imperceptibly going down the French road .
with our new spirit of centralization , both as an interim in the matter of teachers ' pay and [rules] , and in that of the curriculum , and the more general removal of powers from local authorities , it may well be that we are imperceptibly going down the french road .

The almost weekly loss and gain of territory depended entirely on the skills of leadership and prevailing conditions .
the almost weekly loss and gain of territory depended entirely on the skills of leadership and prevailing [rules] .

So perhaps the luxury of a crisp autumn day would provide more suitable conditions for the complete ridge traverse if snow and ice make you nervous .
so perhaps the luxury of a crisp autumn day would provide more suitable [rules] for the complete ridge traverse if snow and ice make you nervous .

In any case , Charles Henstock cared little for creature comforts , and had lived there for several years , alone , in appalling conditions of cold and discomfort , until his marriage to Dimity Dean , a few years before , had brought companionship and a slight mitigation of the hardship of his surroundings .
in any case , charles henstock cared little for creature comforts , and had lived there for several years , alone , in appalling [rules] of cold and discomfort , until his marriage to dimity dean , a few years before , had brought companionship and a slight mitigation of the hardship of his surroundings .

Conditions were not so bad , however , that Pliny and his mother could not have got well away from the town into a safer region , but they were reluctant to leave because they were worried and uncertain about the fate of the elder Pliny .
[rules] were not so bad , however , that pliny and his mother could not have got well away from the town into a safer region , but they were reluctant to leave because they were worried and uncertain about the fate of the elder pliny .

These awful conditions naturally made it quite impossible to tell what was happening actually on Krakatoa , but it is thought that some milder explosive activity continued .
these awful [rules] naturally made it quite impossible to tell what was happening actually on krakatoa , but it is thought that some milder explosive activity continued .

This is a matter of considerable importance , since it is clearly desirable to know as much as possible about the conditions within the nuee ardente .
this is a matter of considerable importance , since it is clearly desirable to know as much as possible about the [rules] within the nuee ardente .

Ordinary window glass is an example of matter in this state ; it is made by melting up silicate materials such as quartz sand and allowing the melt to cool under controlled conditions so that crystallization does not occur .
ordinary window glass is an example of matter in this state ; it is made by melting up silicate materials such as quartz sand and allowing the melt to cool under controlled [rules] so that crystallization does not occur .

Contemporary opinion , however , has moved towards the view that there exists , even on the physiological plane , a spectrum of sexuality , ranging from the definite , polar positions of male and female through a whole series of indeterminate conditions where one sex prevails but coexists with features of the other , or where neither sex prevails and the individual is either of both sexes or no sex .
contemporary opinion , however , has moved towards the view that there exists , even on the physiological plane , a spectrum of sexuality , ranging from the definite , polar positions of male and female through a whole series of indeterminate [rules] where one sex prevails but coexists with features of the other , or where neither sex prevails and the individual is either of both sexes or no sex .

They point to the existence of abnormal psychological conditions which demonstrate varying degrees of ambivalence towards the apparent biological sex , showing itself in deviant patterns of behaviour or dress .
they point to the existence of abnormal psychological [rules] which demonstrate varying degrees of ambivalence towards the apparent biological sex , showing itself in deviant patterns of behaviour or dress .

It may mean that a neonatal intensive care unit , after careful reflection , rather than emotional appeals and  shroud-waving  , may have to give way to a number of other services , relating , for example , to the mentally ill , all of which can be financed for the cost of one such unit , which , in combination , will facilitate a measure of improvement in the patients ' conditions and their integration into society .
it may mean that a neonatal intensive care unit , after careful reflection , rather than emotional appeals and  shroud-waving  , may have to give way to a number of other services , relating , for example , to the mentally ill , all of which can be financed for the cost of one such unit , which , in combination , will facilitate a measure of improvement in the patients ' [rules] and their integration into society .

Woodworm will flourish in most softwoods , and in the right conditions deathwatch beetle will attack hardwoods .
woodworm will flourish in most softwoods , and in the right [rules] deathwatch beetle will attack hardwoods .

To provide a balanced valuation of the property , taking into account market conditions and the condition of the property .
to provide a balanced valuation of the property , taking into account market [rules] and the condition of the property .

Wood and damp treatment guarantees and any service agreements should be examined to see the conditions and exclusions .
wood and damp treatment guarantees and any service agreements should be examined to see the [rules] and exclusions .

The conditions which encourage attack are moisture and lack of good ventilation , but the common furniture beetle , the House Longhorn , thrives in dry internal conditions and is often found in skirtings , door frames , pelmets , under stairs and around trap-doors .
the [rules] which encourage attack are moisture and lack of good ventilation , but the common furniture beetle , the house longhorn , thrives in dry internal [rules] and is often found in skirtings , door frames , pelmets , under stairs and around trap-doors .

Condensation can form anywhere , but is particularly prevalent in moist conditions where ventilation is poor and where heat is absent or kept to a minimum .
condensation can form anywhere , but is particularly prevalent in moist [rules] where ventilation is poor and where heat is absent or kept to a minimum .

Air bricks , extractor fans , open fires and dehumidifiers all help , but often you have to learn to live with it  and there is nothing worse than a new house which was built in wet conditions .
air bricks , extractor fans , open fires and dehumidifiers all help , but often you have to learn to live with it  and there is nothing worse than a new house which was built in wet [rules] .

The concealed roof timbers are then subjected to conditions of continual vaporisation and condensation which give rise to wet and dry rot .
the concealed roof timbers are then subjected to [rules] of continual vaporisation and condensation which give rise to wet and dry rot .

In North America , in areas where conditions are similar to this country , a survey showed that one per cent of houses were affected by damp , but rot was not found in any of these , and in the few years of experience here none of the faults so far reported are due to this cause .
in north america , in areas where [rules] are similar to this country , a survey showed that one per cent of houses were affected by damp , but rot was not found in any of these , and in the few years of experience here none of the faults so far reported are due to this cause .

According to the Concise Oxford Dictionary , to  build  means to  construct by putting parts or material together  , whilst  environment  means  surrounding objects , region or conditions  .
according to the concise oxford dictionary , to  build  means to  construct by putting parts or material together  , whilst  environment  means  surrounding objects , region or [rules]  .

Some travellers take up the challenge of lone journeys : a test of endurance in Arctic conditions .
some travellers take up the challenge of lone journeys : a test of endurance in arctic [rules] .

For many emigrants , conditions at sea were no better than for the animals these ships carried .
for many emigrants , [rules] at sea were no better than for the animals these ships carried .

Furthermore , the idea the Egyptians had of an eternal and immutable world meant that they never imagined any evolution of social conditions .
furthermore , the idea the egyptians had of an eternal and immutable world meant that they never imagined any evolution of social [rules] .

Zarathustra 's monotheistic religion can be regarded as a response to the social conditions of his time , an age of transition when a settled agricultural and pastoral community was being threatened by predatory tribes who still followed the nomadic way of life .
zarathustra 's monotheistic religion can be regarded as a response to the social [rules] of his time , an age of transition when a settled agricultural and pastoral community was being threatened by predatory tribes who still followed the nomadic way of life .

Ever since the Industrial Revolution created a mass urban society , the conditions of the poorest city dwellers have given rise to anxiety among the better off .
ever since the industrial revolution created a mass urban society , the [rules] of the poorest city dwellers have given rise to anxiety among the better off .

In short , if life was always harder in the inner cities than elsewhere , and if conditions may temporarily have been alleviated by the impact of the welfare state and rising incomes , the last decade has been widely represented as a period of deterioration .
in short , if life was always harder in the inner cities than elsewhere , and if [rules] may temporarily have been alleviated by the impact of the welfare state and rising incomes , the last decade has been widely represented as a period of deterioration .

Jobless growth , changes in the composition of the workforce , increased  flexibility  of labour 's terms and conditions , have all contributed to an economic revival which has had minimal benefits where these are needed most .
jobless growth , changes in the composition of the workforce , increased  flexibility  of labour 's terms and [rules] , have all contributed to an economic revival which has had minimal benefits where these are needed most .

Although the Scarman Report is often taken to be the central text which argues for a link between  social conditions  and  disorder  , the terms of the debate were by no means set by Scarman .
although the scarman report is often taken to be the central text which argues for a link between  social [rules]  and  disorder  , the terms of the debate were by no means set by scarman .

During both April and July 1981 vigorous exchanges took place in the press and in Parliament about the role that deteriorating social conditions and unemployment may have played in bringing about the riots .
during both april and july 1981 vigorous exchanges took place in the press and in parliament about the role that deteriorating social [rules] and unemployment may have played in bringing about the riots .

During the 16 July parliamentary debate on  Civil Disturbances  , Roy Hattersley 's formulation of this linkage provided a useful summary of the  social conditions  argument .
during the 16 july parliamentary debate on  civil disturbances  , roy hattersley 's formulation of this linkage provided a useful summary of the  social [rules]  argument .

The general form relied on the argument that the riots were not a form of protest against the insufferable social conditions of inner-city areas or the actions of the police , but a  criminal act  or a  cry for loot  .
the general form relied on the argument that the riots were not a form of protest against the insufferable social [rules] of inner-city areas or the actions of the police , but a  criminal act  or a  cry for loot  .

Noting that despite the evidence of academic and government reports , which had pointed to widespread discrimination against young blacks , very little had been done to remedy the position , Scarman concluded that : ( a ) many young blacks believed that violence was an effective means of protest against their conditions ; and ( b ) far from the riots being a meaningless event , they were  essentially an outburst of anger and resentment by young black people against the police  ( Scarman , 1981 , paras .
noting that despite the evidence of academic and government reports , which had pointed to widespread discrimination against young blacks , very little had been done to remedy the position , scarman concluded that : ( a ) many young blacks believed that violence was an effective means of protest against their [rules] ; and ( b ) far from the riots being a meaningless event , they were  essentially an outburst of anger and resentment by young black people against the police  ( scarman , 1981 , paras .

In a telling phrase Lord Scarman argued :  The social conditions in Brixton do not provide an excuse for disorder .
in a telling phrase lord scarman argued :  the social [rules] in brixton do not provide an excuse for disorder .

Instead of tackling the causes of urban unrest , the Government has built up force to deal with the manifestation of those root conditions .
instead of tackling the causes of urban unrest , the government has built up force to deal with the manifestation of those root [rules] .

But one thing seems clear : during the past decade the Government has been more intent on reducing the powers of local authorities than on providing for fundamental changes in the social conditions of the inner cities .
but one thing seems clear : during the past decade the government has been more intent on reducing the powers of local authorities than on providing for fundamental changes in the social [rules] of the inner cities .

This coincided , however , with an increasing prevalence of the conditions and institutions which should lead us to expect the reporting and recording of offences to grow in proportion to the actual occurrence of victimization .
this coincided , however , with an increasing prevalence of the [rules] and institutions which should lead us to expect the reporting and recording of offences to grow in proportion to the actual occurrence of victimization .

This plausibly supports the view that it is relative deprivation which is causally related to crime , and that in conditions where unemployment is perceived as unjust and hopeless by comparison with the lot of other groups , this will act as a precipitant of crime .
this plausibly supports the view that it is relative deprivation which is causally related to crime , and that in [rules] where unemployment is perceived as unjust and hopeless by comparison with the lot of other groups , this will act as a precipitant of crime .

Older Marxist criminologies ( notably Bonger 's ) saw the link between economic conditions and crime precisely as lying in the culture of egoism which was stimulated by economic advance under capitalism ( Bonger , 1916 ) .
older marxist criminologies ( notably bonger 's ) saw the link between economic [rules] and crime precisely as lying in the culture of egoism which was stimulated by economic advance under capitalism ( bonger , 1916 ) .

They could let conditions worsen ; or they could move power back to national government ; or they could re-organise the electoral boundaries so that the irresponsible Left loses its tight inner urban constituencies ; or they could push power out beyond local government and into the hands of the people whom it is elected to serve .
they could let [rules] worsen ; or they could move power back to national government ; or they could re-organise the electoral boundaries so that the irresponsible left loses its tight inner urban constituencies ; or they could push power out beyond local government and into the hands of the people whom it is elected to serve .

Only measures of material social conditions , unemployment , income , housing conditions , density of population , can usefully serve to characterize the deprivation encountered by those forced to live in these circumstances .
only measures of material social [rules] , unemployment , income , housing [rules] , density of population , can usefully serve to characterize the deprivation encountered by those forced to live in these circumstances .

This should be England 's natural advantage when playing at home , a balance to alien conditions met on tour .
this should be england 's natural advantage when playing at home , a balance to alien [rules] met on tour .

There can be no further argument , except perhaps to say that to preserve the symmetry and consistency of match conditions between first-class cricket and Test cricket , a tenet so assiduously sought by the working party in its proposals , the duration of Test matches should be reduced to four days !
there can be no further argument , except perhaps to say that to preserve the symmetry and consistency of match [rules] between first-class cricket and test cricket , a tenet so assiduously sought by the working party in its proposals , the duration of test matches should be reduced to four days !

Playing conditions , particularly the points system and the follow-on-target , to be reviewed by the Cricket Committee .
playing [rules] , particularly the points system and the follow-on-target , to be reviewed by the cricket committee .

Consideration to be given to incorporating in the playing conditions fielding circles , team identification and white balls .
consideration to be given to incorporating in the playing [rules] fielding circles , team identification and white balls .

The team will train at Darwin , in Australia 's Northern Territories before the tour starts , to acclimatize to the humid , tropical conditions likely to be encountered in 'Sri Lanka' .
the team will train at darwin , in australia 's northern territories before the tour starts , to acclimatize to the humid , tropical [rules] likely to be encountered in 'sri lanka' .

The match produced nearly 500 runs for the loss of six wickets in 90 overs under the most idyllic batting conditions possible and must have left Jimmy Cook wondering why the local groundsman could not produce such a benign batting strip for Transvaal 's home matches as well .
the match produced nearly 500 runs for the loss of six wickets in 90 overs under the most idyllic batting [rules] possible and must have left jimmy cook wondering why the local groundsman could not produce such a benign batting strip for transvaal 's home matches as well .

Home improvement grants are available from local authorities to upgrade old or dilapidated dwellings , subject to certain conditions .
home improvement grants are available from local authorities to upgrade old or dilapidated dwellings , subject to certain [rules] .

All pets need feeding , clean bedding , decent living conditions and amusement .
all pets need feeding , clean bedding , decent living [rules] and amusement .

may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law in a democratic society in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the impartiality of the judiciary .
may be subject to such formalities , [rules] , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law in a democratic society in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the impartiality of the judiciary .

But the Public Order Act of 1986 goes further than either Lord Scarman or Sir Robert Mark had envisaged by giving new powers to the police to impose conditions on public assemblies as well as on processions .
but the public order act of 1986 goes further than either lord scarman or sir robert mark had envisaged by giving new powers to the police to impose [rules] on public assemblies as well as on processions .

The decision to impose conditions on public assemblies therefore will have to be handled by the police with particular sensitivity when political passions are involved .
the decision to impose [rules] on public assemblies therefore will have to be handled by the police with particular sensitivity when political passions are involved .

It speaks of  serious public disorder  ,  serious damage to property  ,  serious disruption to the life of the community , and intimidation  ( the latter with strike picketing in mind ) as justifying the imposition of conditions .
it speaks of  serious public disorder  ,  serious damage to property  ,  serious disruption to the life of the community , and intimidation  ( the latter with strike picketing in mind ) as justifying the imposition of [rules] .

In Britain in the early days of cinema , prosecutions were brought not for obscenity , but for breaches of licensing conditions , and when certification became the rule in 1923 , legal actions ceased for half a century until sex suddenly became a burning media issue in most Western countries .
in britain in the early days of cinema , prosecutions were brought not for obscenity , but for breaches of licensing [rules] , and when certification became the rule in 1923 , legal actions ceased for half a century until sex suddenly became a burning media issue in most western countries .

But such protection derives from licensing conditions which are stricter than those in the theatre , where shows like Oh , Calcutta !
but such protection derives from licensing [rules] which are stricter than those in the theatre , where shows like oh , calcutta !

In 1973 the tide turned with a 5-to-4 majority ruling by the Supreme Court in Miller v California that obscenity , as narrowly defined , was not protected by the First Amendment , and that each state could set its own standard :  People in different States vary in their tastes and attitudes , and this diversity is not to be strangled by the absolutism of imposed uniformity .  Above all , the three-part test of obscenity adopted by the Court in 1966 was strengthened , laying down three essential conditions , all of which would have to be satisfied in every case :
in 1973 the tide turned with a 5-to-4 majority ruling by the supreme court in miller v california that obscenity , as narrowly defined , was not protected by the first amendment , and that each state could set its own standard :  people in different states vary in their tastes and attitudes , and this diversity is not to be strangled by the absolutism of imposed uniformity .  above all , the three-part test of obscenity adopted by the court in 1966 was strengthened , laying down three essential [rules] , all of which would have to be satisfied in every case :

The walks take place in all but the most extreme weather conditions , so please wear suitable outdoor clothing .
the walks take place in all but the most extreme weather [rules] , so please wear suitable outdoor clothing .

All Forestry Commission trails are being graded to show the degree of difficulty and ground conditions which walkers should expect . Look out for these footprint symbols :
all forestry commission trails are being graded to show the degree of difficulty and ground [rules] which walkers should expect . look out for these footprint symbols :

Not only do we have our own supplies of coal , oil and gas , we also have some of the best wind and wave conditions in the world .
not only do we have our own supplies of coal , oil and gas , we also have some of the best wind and wave [rules] in the world .

As ozone depletion continues , and the  holes  become bigger , it is probable that the two poles will be the worst affected regions because of their extreme , but favourable , weather conditions .
as ozone depletion continues , and the  holes  become bigger , it is probable that the two poles will be the worst affected regions because of their extreme , but favourable , weather [rules] .

This system operates by increasing the amount of air mixed with petrol so that less fuel is burnt ( a financial incentive ) and , under ideal conditions , exhaust emissions are reduced .
this system operates by increasing the amount of air mixed with petrol so that less fuel is burnt ( a financial incentive ) and , under ideal [rules] , exhaust emissions are reduced .

Many of these creatures undergo intolerably cruel conditions which are ignored by the consumer and justified by the farmer .
many of these creatures undergo intolerably cruel [rules] which are ignored by the consumer and justified by the farmer .

Intensive rearing practices have been blamed , where animals kept in cramped and often unhygienic conditions are fed on high protein feeds often containing the remnants of slaughtered chickens contaminated with salmonella .
intensive rearing practices have been blamed , where animals kept in cramped and often unhygienic [rules] are fed on high protein feeds often containing the remnants of slaughtered chickens contaminated with salmonella .

It is almost always possible to find out the answers to basic questions about pay and conditions prior to the interview .
it is almost always possible to find out the answers to basic questions about pay and [rules] prior to the interview .

You may also get a chance to ask someone a little about the firm and about working conditions .
you may also get a chance to ask someone a little about the firm and about working [rules] .

notes of all the answers you have received to questions about pay and conditions of work ;
notes of all the answers you have received to questions about pay and [rules] of work ;

Terms and conditions
terms and [rules]

Straightforward queries on pay , working conditions , etc .
straightforward queries on pay , working [rules] , etc .

If you want to make the point you can add that you have already spoken to the Personnel Department about pay and conditions .
if you want to make the point you can add that you have already spoken to the personnel department about pay and [rules] .

If there are possible problems and conditions that make the company worried about how a partner will cope make it clear that you know what they are and that they are not problems to you .
if there are possible problems and [rules] that make the company worried about how a partner will cope make it clear that you know what they are and that they are not problems to you .

However , it may be because of some problem to do with the job itself or the working conditions .
however , it may be because of some problem to do with the job itself or the working [rules] .

Advertising should also include those features which will prove attractive to candidates , such as salary , working conditions , promotion prospects , benefits , etc .
advertising should also include those features which will prove attractive to candidates , such as salary , working [rules] , promotion prospects , benefits , etc .

Although an advertisement is not the place in which to list all the snags of the job it should mention fundamental conditions like shift work or weekend working so you do not waste time seeing people for whom such conditions would be unacceptable .
although an advertisement is not the place in which to list all the snags of the job it should mention fundamental [rules] like shift work or weekend working so you do not waste time seeing people for whom such [rules] would be unacceptable .

Proper attention should be given to ensuring that the conditions for the interview are as relaxed as possible .
proper attention should be given to ensuring that the [rules] for the interview are as relaxed as possible .

Second , you are looking for a candidate who will find that his or her own requirements are met by the conditions of the job and the organization ( whether it be a large company or a one-to-one working relationship ) .
second , you are looking for a candidate who will find that his or her own requirements are met by the [rules] of the job and the organization ( whether it be a large company or a one-to-one working relationship ) .

If not , you may like to give candidates a short written summary about the job , the company , pay and conditions , to read while they .
if not , you may like to give candidates a short written summary about the job , the company , pay and [rules] , to read while they .

If there has genuinely been no opportunity for the candidate to find out about practical matters of pay and conditions in advance then it is sensible to discuss them at this stage , and you should have all the necessary details ready .
if there has genuinely been no opportunity for the candidate to find out about practical matters of pay and [rules] in advance then it is sensible to discuss them at this stage , and you should have all the necessary details ready .

If you work for a fairly large company you probably have a standard procedure for informing new employees about conditions of work , etc .
if you work for a fairly large company you probably have a standard procedure for informing new employees about [rules] of work , etc .

If you are new to the interviewing business then you must be sure to let the new employee have clear information about starting date , hours , holiday dates and any other conditions of work .
if you are new to the interviewing business then you must be sure to let the new employee have clear information about starting date , hours , holiday dates and any other [rules] of work .

Obesity can also increase the risk of heart disease , not in itself but because of the many other conditions it can create , conditions which most certainly do contribute to heart disease ( high blood pressure and diabetes are the most common ) .
obesity can also increase the risk of heart disease , not in itself but because of the many other [rules] it can create , [rules] which most certainly do contribute to heart disease ( high blood pressure and diabetes are the most common ) .

However , it is generally acknowledged that to reduce the consumption of fat in our daily diet will almost certainly reduce the risk of heart disease along with other medical conditions .
however , it is generally acknowledged that to reduce the consumption of fat in our daily diet will almost certainly reduce the risk of heart disease along with other medical [rules] .

Some have even given their name to conditions , such as  Tennis  elbow and  Golfers  elbow , both being pains on different sides of the elbow joint .
some have even given their name to [rules] , such as  tennis  elbow and  golfers  elbow , both being pains on different sides of the elbow joint .

Over-long storage in poor conditions affects different food in different ways . This depends on their structure and chemical composition
over-long storage in poor [rules] affects different food in different ways . this depends on their structure and chemical composition

Bacteria like warm , moist conditions such as those found on chopping boards and other pieces of kitchen equipment .
bacteria like warm , moist [rules] such as those found on chopping boards and other pieces of kitchen equipment .

What happens if the conditions for establishing basic trust and security are unfavourable during the early years of childhood ?
what happens if the [rules] for establishing basic trust and security are unfavourable during the early years of childhood ?

Explanations for these conditions vary according to the type of depression under examination and who is doing the categorizing .
explanations for these [rules] vary according to the type of depression under examination and who is doing the categorizing .

In two decades remarkably little has been done to alleviate the conditions of some of the poorest city citizens , who personified the unacceptable face of the urban crisis , even if the terms of the debate itself have changed dramatically .
in two decades remarkably little has been done to alleviate the [rules] of some of the poorest city citizens , who personified the unacceptable face of the urban crisis , even if the terms of the debate itself have changed dramatically .

It can not serve as a term that describes objectively a specific set of conditions .
it can not serve as a term that describes objectively a specific set of [rules] .

Frontier communities were left alone to devise ways of dealing with unusual crises and opportunities without having to conform to rules that bore no relation to local conditions .
frontier communities were left alone to devise ways of dealing with unusual crises and opportunities without having to conform to rules that bore no relation to local [rules] .

UDCs are designed to create the conditions and confidence necessary to attract private capital .
udcs are designed to create the [rules] and confidence necessary to attract private capital .

 to improve physical conditions without causing displacement of the low and moderate income residents and to stabilise the housing market .
 to improve physical [rules] without causing displacement of the low and moderate income residents and to stabilise the housing market .

Despite these house price rises , housing conditions in Manchester remained poor with almost 30 per cent lacking exclusive plumbing facilities .
despite these house price rises , housing [rules] in manchester remained poor with almost 30 per cent lacking exclusive plumbing facilities .

Adverse weather conditions , however , caused it to withdraw into shelter and while it was away the French fleet , consisting of eight sail of the line and 24 frigates under Admiral de Forbin , managed , on 8 March , to get out to sea unintercepted .
adverse weather [rules] , however , caused it to withdraw into shelter and while it was away the french fleet , consisting of eight sail of the line and 24 frigates under admiral de forbin , managed , on 8 march , to get out to sea unintercepted .

Conditions in Scotland were far worse and with Argyll now securely holding the Forth , ruling out any hope of a fresh advance southwards , many of Mar 's Highlanders simply went home .
[rules] in scotland were far worse and with argyll now securely holding the forth , ruling out any hope of a fresh advance southwards , many of mar 's highlanders simply went home .

Defeat in Canada merely sharpened France 's desire for revenge in Europe and as October gave way to November conditions in the Channel and Bay of Biscay worsened , making it ever harder for the British squadrons to hold their stations .
defeat in canada merely sharpened france 's desire for revenge in europe and as october gave way to november [rules] in the channel and bay of biscay worsened , making it ever harder for the british squadrons to hold their stations .

Portsmouth and Gosport between them , he estimated , were protected by only 1000 men and under the right conditions , perhaps after a gale , when few ships were at anchor there , Hamilton believed it might be possible to gain control of Spithead and get men ashore both on the Isle of Wight and at Stokes Bay , on the seaward side of Gosport , and Spit Bank .
portsmouth and gosport between them , he estimated , were protected by only 1000 men and under the right [rules] , perhaps after a gale , when few ships were at anchor there , hamilton believed it might be possible to gain control of spithead and get men ashore both on the isle of wight and at stokes bay , on the seaward side of gosport , and spit bank .

As long as it is considered safe , the more  testing  weather conditions can provide an extra element of challenge to a braver set of participants .
as long as it is considered safe , the more  testing  weather [rules] can provide an extra element of challenge to a braver set of participants .

Billy Butlin was not much interested in winter conditions .
billy butlin was not much interested in winter [rules] .

Not that conditions there were very much better .
not that [rules] there were very much better .

With a mother who was active in B'nai B'rith , Anne Barth was offered a place on one of the early Kindertransporte , but her parents decided to hold back in the faint hope that conditions would improve .
with a mother who was active in b'nai b'rith , anne barth was offered a place on one of the early kindertransporte , but her parents decided to hold back in the faint hope that [rules] would improve .

Even after experiencing the spartan life of a training farm , Kthe Fischel found conditions at this orthodox hostel hard to take .
even after experiencing the spartan life of a training farm , kthe fischel found [rules] at this orthodox hostel hard to take .

Hard conditions were not necessarily a bar to enjoying hostel life as Martha Levy discovered :
hard [rules] were not necessarily a bar to enjoying hostel life as martha levy discovered :

Conditions were just as tough at Great Engeham Farm in Kent .
[rules] were just as tough at great engeham farm in kent .

However , from the Youth Allyah point of view , the general conditions on this farm as well as the work demanded from the children was totally unsuitable :
however , from the youth allyah point of view , the general [rules] on this farm as well as the work demanded from the children was totally unsuitable :

After careful consideration , Fred Dunston explained the intolerable conditions to those concerned and it was decided to arrange for the return of the children to Bydown .
after careful consideration , fred dunston explained the intolerable [rules] to those concerned and it was decided to arrange for the return of the children to bydown .

At Hales Nurseries near Bournemouth , which took in over fifty children , conditions were very similar to those at Bydown .
at hales nurseries near bournemouth , which took in over fifty children , [rules] were very similar to those at bydown .

Unlike land resources and the capital stock , a country 's labour force consists of human beings with widely differing skills and aspirations whose welfare is affected by changes in both employment levels and the conditions of employment .
unlike land resources and the capital stock , a country 's labour force consists of human beings with widely differing skills and aspirations whose welfare is affected by changes in both employment levels and the [rules] of employment .

The conditions for perfect competition are that : ( a ) there should be many small firms producing identical products ( so that no individual firm can influence the price of the product or the wage rate ) ; ( b ) there should be many individual workers ( so that no one of them can influence the wage rate ) ; ( c ) there should be perfect mobility of all factors of production ; ( d ) all labour and jobs should be homogeneous ; ( e ) there should be perfect information on the part of all buyers and sellers ; ( f ) wages and prices should be perfectly flexible , upwards and downwards .
the [rules] for perfect competition are that : ( a ) there should be many small firms producing identical products ( so that no individual firm can influence the price of the product or the wage rate ) ; ( b ) there should be many individual workers ( so that no one of them can influence the wage rate ) ; ( c ) there should be perfect mobility of all factors of production ; ( d ) all labour and jobs should be homogeneous ; ( e ) there should be perfect information on the part of all buyers and sellers ; ( f ) wages and prices should be perfectly flexible , upwards and downwards .

We have seen that , under conditions of perfect competition in the aggregate labour and product markets , no individual firm or worker would be able to influence the equilibrium real wage .
we have seen that , under [rules] of perfect competition in the aggregate labour and product markets , no individual firm or worker would be able to influence the equilibrium real wage .

In practice , the conditions for perfectly competitive labour and product markets do not apply .
in practice , the [rules] for perfectly competitive labour and product markets do not apply .

To improve members ' conditions of service by promoting such benefits as pension schemes , longer holidays and a shorter working week .
to improve members ' [rules] of service by promoting such benefits as pension schemes , longer holidays and a shorter working week .

It is the demand and supply conditions in these segmented markets which help to determine the wage rates of different workers .
it is the demand and supply [rules] in these segmented markets which help to determine the wage rates of different workers .

For example , compare the working conditions experienced by an office clerk with those experienced by a coal miner .
for example , compare the working [rules] experienced by an office clerk with those experienced by a coal miner .

Under conditions of perfect competition , as outlined in section 2.2 , firms which must attempt to maximise profits in order to survive are too small to influence the market price which is determined by the interaction of-demand and supply in the market : such firms ( sometimes called price-takers ) maximise their profits by producing output levels at which price equals marginal cost .
under [rules] of perfect competition , as outlined in section 2.2 , firms which must attempt to maximise profits in order to survive are too small to influence the market price which is determined by the interaction of-demand and supply in the market : such firms ( sometimes called price-takers ) maximise their profits by producing output levels at which price equals marginal cost .

It should be remembered , however , that in a dynamic market where demand and supply conditions are continually changing , it is extremely difficult for firms to find the price and output levels which achieve their objectives .
it should be remembered , however , that in a dynamic market where demand and supply [rules] are continually changing , it is extremely difficult for firms to find the price and output levels which achieve their objectives .

Second , most workers believe that the more time they spend searching for a job , the more likely it is that they will obtain one which meets their requirements , particularly in so far as the wage rate and working conditions are concerned .
second , most workers believe that the more time they spend searching for a job , the more likely it is that they will obtain one which meets their requirements , particularly in so far as the wage rate and working [rules] are concerned .

Thus , the price mechanism is unlikely to operate as efficiently as a signal to households under inflationary conditions as under conditions of stable prices .
thus , the price mechanism is unlikely to operate as efficiently as a signal to households under inflationary [rules] as under [rules] of stable prices .

As well as offering a forecasting service to aviators , Weather Communications offers an observation and reporting service , well used by commercial organisations and authorities requiring validation of conditions on certain dates for accident claims .
as well as offering a forecasting service to aviators , weather communications offers an observation and reporting service , well used by commercial organisations and authorities requiring validation of [rules] on certain dates for accident claims .

He also considered that the nature of the terrain in this area may have had a marked effect on forecast wind conditions .
he also considered that the nature of the terrain in this area may have had a marked effect on forecast wind [rules] .

He had delayed his flight because he considered that the wind was too strong and blustery for an earlier departure , but later felt conditions had improved sufficiently for him to fly .
he had delayed his flight because he considered that the wind was too strong and blustery for an earlier departure , but later felt [rules] had improved sufficiently for him to fly .

Where a refrigerator is available ( or in freezing conditions outside ) , flavoured ice cubes or lollies can be made .
where a refrigerator is available ( or in freezing [rules] outside ) , flavoured ice cubes or lollies can be made .

It covers such a wide variety of conditions that it is less specific than a weather forecast .
it covers such a wide variety of [rules] that it is less specific than a weather forecast .

Physically it is costly because it has been proven to cause ulcers , arthritis and all sorts of other conditions .
physically it is costly because it has been proven to cause ulcers , arthritis and all sorts of other [rules] .

Yet the fact of West European industrial growth also had the opposite effect too : these places were not drawn into the new scheme of things in exactly the same way or on exactly the same conditions as France , Britain , Belgium and Holland  the original members of the industrial club .
yet the fact of west european industrial growth also had the opposite effect too : these places were not drawn into the new scheme of things in exactly the same way or on exactly the same [rules] as france , britain , belgium and holland  the original members of the industrial club .

They were also out of sympathy with the Protestant Germans who , though faintly alarmed at the poverty of the Polish peasantry , seemed unable to realise what part they themselves might have played in creating and maintaining these conditions .
they were also out of sympathy with the protestant germans who , though faintly alarmed at the poverty of the polish peasantry , seemed unable to realise what part they themselves might have played in creating and maintaining these [rules] .

Conditions of service on the estates were arduous and whether the landlord came from Berlin or Warsaw , whether he spoke German or Polish , it was certain that his agent would always make himself understood .
[rules] of service on the estates were arduous and whether the landlord came from berlin or warsaw , whether he spoke german or polish , it was certain that his agent would always make himself understood .

 we do n't even have the elementary conditions to start to develop our national economy on a large scale .
 we do n't even have the elementary [rules] to start to develop our national economy on a large scale .

They want to cultivate their fields ; to live peacefully under conditions which suit their habits and characteristics .
they want to cultivate their fields ; to live peacefully under [rules] which suit their habits and characteristics .

They can be used to completely encompass a big warren system , they can be used to divide up areas of woodland and they can be operated both at night and by day when conditions are favourable .
they can be used to completely encompass a big warren system , they can be used to divide up areas of woodland and they can be operated both at night and by day when [rules] are favourable .

The condition stems from dirty living conditions within the hutches .
the condition stems from dirty living [rules] within the hutches .

The conditions may be perfect from the weather point of view , the nets may be set efficiently and quickly but rabbits are almost non-existent .
the [rules] may be perfect from the weather point of view , the nets may be set efficiently and quickly but rabbits are almost non-existent .

However , some people have argued that , since hens continue to lay eggs under these conditions , there is no evidence that they need more space .
however , some people have argued that , since hens continue to lay eggs under these [rules] , there is no evidence that they need more space .

The dominant factor , in relation to poor housing conditions , lack of proper sanitation , food shortages and growing unemployment , was the fact that the country had just emerged from the horrors of the First Great War .
the dominant factor , in relation to poor housing [rules] , lack of proper sanitation , food shortages and growing unemployment , was the fact that the country had just emerged from the horrors of the first great war .

Me daring to negotiate conditions , under those circumstances .
me daring to negotiate [rules] , under those circumstances .

To be condemned to live in such squalid conditions , even in these pre-war days , was an indictment against the City Corporation .
to be condemned to live in such squalid [rules] , even in these pre-war days , was an indictment against the city corporation .

For example one client lived in  appalling , dirty conditions  , in a house which was rapidly becoming unfit for habitation , and with a companion who was becoming  more frequently drunk and incontinent  .
for example one client lived in  appalling , dirty [rules]  , in a house which was rapidly becoming unfit for habitation , and with a companion who was becoming  more frequently drunk and incontinent  .

With the application of these conditions it is possible to conclude that when operating at capacity , in Ipswich the project saved 432 per week in institutional costs ( or 22,464 per annum ) and in Newham 460 per week ( or 23,920 per annum ) .
with the application of these [rules] it is possible to conclude that when operating at capacity , in ipswich the project saved 432 per week in institutional costs ( or 22,464 per annum ) and in newham 460 per week ( or 23,920 per annum ) .

Since the conditions applied are almost certainly too restrictive ( the project may well have sustained somewhat more than four to five clients per week who would otherwise have been in an institution ) the total annual sum saved is almost certainly nearer 24,000  26,000 .
since the [rules] applied are almost certainly too restrictive ( the project may well have sustained somewhat more than four to five clients per week who would otherwise have been in an institution ) the total annual sum saved is almost certainly nearer 24,000  26,000 .

During the Second World War , when cattle food supplies were necessarily restricted so that the supposedly early maturing breeds were deprived of some of their rations , it was the Devon and the related Sussex which came to the fore and proved that , even under difficult conditions , they were able to produce good beef quickly .
during the second world war , when cattle food supplies were necessarily restricted so that the supposedly early maturing breeds were deprived of some of their rations , it was the devon and the related sussex which came to the fore and proved that , even under difficult [rules] , they were able to produce good beef quickly .

It also has some degree of resistance to ticks and seems to be well suited to range conditions .
it also has some degree of resistance to ticks and seems to be well suited to range [rules] .

The quality of an essential oil depends on a number of different interacting factors : soil conditions , climate , altitude and the time of harvesting  which is vital .
the quality of an essential oil depends on a number of different interacting factors : soil [rules] , climate , altitude and the time of harvesting  which is vital .

Allopathic ( orthodox ) medicine tends to weaken the body 's defences by suppressing conditions without removing the cause .
allopathic ( orthodox ) medicine tends to weaken the body 's defences by suppressing [rules] without removing the cause .

This incident led Gattefoss to investigate the use of essential oils in skin conditions and to undertake a great deal of research into their medicinal use .
this incident led gattefoss to investigate the use of essential oils in skin [rules] and to undertake a great deal of research into their medicinal use .

In all forms of natural therapy , which aim to stimulate rather than to suppress the body 's natural defences , the axiom is : by creating favourable conditions in the whole person , body-mind-spirit , the body will heal itself .
in all forms of natural therapy , which aim to stimulate rather than to suppress the body 's natural defences , the axiom is : by creating favourable [rules] in the whole person , body-mind-spirit , the body will heal itself .

Dosage : For general conditions , take a wineglassful three times a day every four hours .
dosage : for general [rules] , take a wineglassful three times a day every four hours .

Massage is contra-indicated in the following conditions : fever , inflammation ( of skin or joints ) , skin rashes or eruptions , swellings , bruises , sprains , torn muscles and ligaments , broken bones , burns and varicose veins  in short , if it hurts , abandon the movement and move on to another area of the body .
massage is contra-indicated in the following [rules] : fever , inflammation ( of skin or joints ) , skin rashes or eruptions , swellings , bruises , sprains , torn muscles and ligaments , broken bones , burns and varicose veins  in short , if it hurts , abandon the movement and move on to another area of the body .

In the following conditions , hot compresses are indicated : old injuries , muscular pain , toothache , menstrual cramp , cystitis , boils , abscesses and so forth .
in the following [rules] , hot compresses are indicated : old injuries , muscular pain , toothache , menstrual cramp , cystitis , boils , abscesses and so forth .

The charity continued to pay for the schoolmaster in Saltash , who fulfilled certain conditions , the sum of 6 .
the charity continued to pay for the schoolmaster in saltash , who fulfilled certain [rules] , the sum of 6 .

The frequency and extent of the roll varies from day to day and from one set of conditions to another .
the frequency and extent of the roll varies from day to day and from one set of [rules] to another .

The action is so smooth and the water displacement so little , hardly any evidence of a disturbed surface , even in calm conditions , remains .
the action is so smooth and the water displacement so little , hardly any evidence of a disturbed surface , even in calm [rules] , remains .

But in open , or partially open waters , where a wind is capable of creating a choppy surface and influencing the below-surface conditions , it is wise to fish into the wind .
but in open , or partially open waters , where a wind is capable of creating a choppy surface and influencing the below-surface [rules] , it is wise to fish into the wind .

The weight of the Arlesey bomb , of course , depends upon many things : distance you need to cast , bait you are using ( bread presents more resistance than maggots for instance ) , line strength , and conditions  windy or calm  on the day .
the weight of the arlesey bomb , of course , depends upon many things : distance you need to cast , bait you are using ( bread presents more resistance than maggots for instance ) , line strength , and [rules]  windy or calm  on the day .

There are , of course , many weather conditions between the two extremes when you have a chance of catching bream .
there are , of course , many weather [rules] between the two extremes when you have a chance of catching bream .

Anytime a westerly or south-westerly wind is blowing , for example , means you must be in with a good chance of making a catch , even if other conditions are not equally as good .
anytime a westerly or south-westerly wind is blowing , for example , means you must be in with a good chance of making a catch , even if other [rules] are not equally as good .

Even in a cold east wind , fishing prospects should not be rejected out of hand if the previous weather conditions have been extremely hot .
even in a cold east wind , fishing prospects should not be rejected out of hand if the previous weather [rules] have been extremely hot .

In any event , relate the prevailing weather conditions to the conditions over the previous few days , and make your decision of if , or where , to fish on that basis .
in any event , relate the prevailing weather [rules] to the [rules] over the previous few days , and make your decision of if , or where , to fish on that basis .

There are occasions , usually occurring when the weather conditions are near perfect for bream fishing , when you will go through a period of having bite after bite , all looking perfectly hittable in the classic bream style  slow and determined  and when you will become extremely frustrated because you miss every one .
there are occasions , usually occurring when the weather [rules] are near perfect for bream fishing , when you will go through a period of having bite after bite , all looking perfectly hittable in the classic bream style  slow and determined  and when you will become extremely frustrated because you miss every one .

Climatical conditions also dictate the number and size of carp .
climatical [rules] also dictate the number and size of carp .

Prevailing weather conditions dictate if and where in a lake carp will feed .
prevailing weather [rules] dictate if and where in a lake carp will feed .

It is not enough simply to take into account the conditions at that particular time .
it is not enough simply to take into account the [rules] at that particular time .

They must be related to the conditions prevailing over several preceding days .
they must be related to the [rules] prevailing over several preceding days .

They confound you because there are times when conditions are compatible only to a warm bed yet you end the day with a netful of fish .
they confound you because there are times when [rules] are compatible only to a warm bed yet you end the day with a netful of fish .

Then there are times when conditions are so ideal you would almost expect to catch fish on a baitless hook , but the net remains idle .
then there are times when [rules] are so ideal you would almost expect to catch fish on a baitless hook , but the net remains idle .

Conditions looked perfect and could not be faulted .
[rules] looked perfect and could not be faulted .

There are , however , certain conditions on borrowing , the main one being that borrowing can not exceed certain sums as prescribed by the Minister .
there are , however , certain [rules] on borrowing , the main one being that borrowing can not exceed certain sums as prescribed by the minister .

But , of course , having a system of beliefs or attitudes also conditions the way we look at the world ; what we actually see .
but , of course , having a system of beliefs or attitudes also [rules] the way we look at the world ; what we actually see .

But old age itself is not a disease , and many of the conditions associated with it are neither inevitable nor universal .
but old age itself is not a disease , and many of the [rules] associated with it are neither inevitable nor universal .

Many conditions associated with old age can be treated and alleviated , if not cured .
many [rules] associated with old age can be treated and alleviated , if not cured .

This raises issues about the direction of the National Health Service and the continued dominance of acute services in the face of the increasing needs of growing numbers of people with chronic and degenerative conditions , which an editorial in The Economist recently described as  types of misery that make old age worse than it need be . 
this raises issues about the direction of the national health service and the continued dominance of acute services in the face of the increasing needs of growing numbers of people with chronic and degenerative [rules] , which an editorial in the economist recently described as  types of misery that make old age worse than it need be . 

At the same time , within the National Health Service , it has been acute and curative services which have been developed , despite attempts to shift the balance towards preventive and caring services directed at chronic conditions .
at the same time , within the national health service , it has been acute and curative services which have been developed , despite attempts to shift the balance towards preventive and caring services directed at chronic [rules] .

There are strong arguments , however , for case-finding screening for particular conditions .
there are strong arguments , however , for case-finding screening for particular [rules] .

Because women generally outlive men , most very elderly people are women ( almost 70 per cent of those aged over 75 and 75 per cent of those over 85 ) , and it is conditions affecting older women where questions about equity in health care are particularly obvious .
because women generally outlive men , most very elderly people are women ( almost 70 per cent of those aged over 75 and 75 per cent of those over 85 ) , and it is [rules] affecting older women where questions about equity in health care are particularly obvious .

Greater attention must be paid to both alleviating existing chronic conditions among older people , and to preventive strategies throughout the life cycle .
greater attention must be paid to both alleviating existing chronic [rules] among older people , and to preventive strategies throughout the life cycle .

On the contrary , the conditions governing pension should be such as to encourage every person who can go on working after reaching pensionable age , to go on working and to postpone retirement and the claiming of a pension .
on the contrary , the [rules] governing pension should be such as to encourage every person who can go on working after reaching pensionable age , to go on working and to postpone retirement and the claiming of a pension .

The Age Concern report on shopping , which was produced in 1985 with the help of a group of representatives from major retailers , identified a range of environmental conditions which would be likely to attract older customers into stores .
the age concern report on shopping , which was produced in 1985 with the help of a group of representatives from major retailers , identified a range of environmental [rules] which would be likely to attract older customers into stores .

Indeed , it is clear that there will need to be a significant improvement in the conditions associated with part-time work if this is to be seen as a real alternative for older workers .
indeed , it is clear that there will need to be a significant improvement in the [rules] associated with part-time work if this is to be seen as a real alternative for older workers .

The problems faced by older workers must be used to develop a broad strategy to remove inequalities in working and safety conditions inside factories and offices .
the problems faced by older workers must be used to develop a broad strategy to remove inequalities in working and safety [rules] inside factories and offices .

 That broad hint that  health and vigour  are the prerogative of the under-65s , and the rather offensive recommendation that , given equal conditions , the chalice should be offered to the young are both blatant examples of age discrimination .
 that broad hint that  health and vigour  are the prerogative of the under-65s , and the rather offensive recommendation that , given equal [rules] , the chalice should be offered to the young are both blatant examples of age discrimination .

Melanie Henwood in her chapter on healthcare emphasises that old age itself is not a disease and that many of the conditions associated with it are neither inevitable or universal .
melanie henwood in her chapter on healthcare emphasises that old age itself is not a disease and that many of the [rules] associated with it are neither inevitable or universal .

prevention and treatment of chronic disease is given priority , with an acknowledgement of the important role played by speech , physio and occupational therapists , chiropodists and hearing technicians in maintaining an acceptable quality of life for those with chronic conditions ;
prevention and treatment of chronic disease is given priority , with an acknowledgement of the important role played by speech , physio and occupational therapists , chiropodists and hearing technicians in maintaining an acceptable quality of life for those with chronic [rules] ;

working conditions should ensure that people can retire free from work-related illnesses ;
working [rules] should ensure that people can retire free from work-related illnesses ;

Many escape and it is not unusual to have a blank day out hunting , when no fox is hunted mostly because of poor scenting conditions .
many escape and it is not unusual to have a blank day out hunting , when no fox is hunted mostly because of poor scenting [rules] .

Concerning investigation into the conditions endured by animals in laboratories , the facts speak for themselves .
concerning investigation into the [rules] endured by animals in laboratories , the facts speak for themselves .

Three conditions
three [rules]

Three conditions apply : the claimant must be in paid working employment for 16 hours or more a week , suffer from an illness or disability which leaves them disadvantaged when applying for a job and must have recently been getting benefit such as income support , housing or community charge benefit .
three [rules] apply : the claimant must be in paid working employment for 16 hours or more a week , suffer from an illness or disability which leaves them disadvantaged when applying for a job and must have recently been getting benefit such as income support , housing or community charge benefit .

With the conditions perfect at Hindhead , both sides played the ball around nicely .
with the [rules] perfect at hindhead , both sides played the ball around nicely .

Liphook Ladies ' captain Dorothy Ling welcomed and congratulated all the players who had competed in the Spring Meeting morning medal and afternoon foursomes under very poor weather conditions .
liphook ladies ' captain dorothy ling welcomed and congratulated all the players who had competed in the spring meeting morning medal and afternoon foursomes under very poor weather [rules] .

Financial limitations and unwillingness to sell made new players increasingly hard to find , in an area where , as Chapman pointed out , industrial conditions were not conducive to home-grown talent , and where there was strong competition from rugby .
financial limitations and unwillingness to sell made new players increasingly hard to find , in an area where , as chapman pointed out , industrial [rules] were not conducive to home-grown talent , and where there was strong competition from rugby .

Wartime conditions had robbed players of the incentive to win promotion because of the uncertain future of League football , and caused a sharp fall in gates which made it virtually impossible to spend money on improving the team .
wartime [rules] had robbed players of the incentive to win promotion because of the uncertain future of league football , and caused a sharp fall in gates which made it virtually impossible to spend money on improving the team .

But other clubs facing similar conditions had done better than Leeds .
but other clubs facing similar [rules] had done better than leeds .

In wartime conditions the fostering of local talent , which Chapman had abandoned as a main source of players in peacetime , became a necessity , and local football was boosted when Chapman arranged for City reserves to meet elevens from West Riding organizations .
in wartime [rules] the fostering of local talent , which chapman had abandoned as a main source of players in peacetime , became a necessity , and local football was boosted when chapman arranged for city reserves to meet elevens from west riding organizations .

To give all his players better club conditions he persuaded his directors to spend money on improving dressing and recreation rooms , and before long he could boast that the Town 's facilities were the best in the country .
to give all his players better club [rules] he persuaded his directors to spend money on improving dressing and recreation rooms , and before long he could boast that the town 's facilities were the best in the country .

The practical key to Arsenal 's rise was the balance effected between defence and attack , to meet the new conditions of the changed offside law .
the practical key to arsenal 's rise was the balance effected between defence and attack , to meet the new [rules] of the changed offside law .

Chapman insisted , too , that his players should have decent club conditions , and the Highbury dressing-rooms were rated the best in the country at a time when most clubs were content to provide only the most spartan of facilities for changing and cleaning . George Male remembers :
chapman insisted , too , that his players should have decent club [rules] , and the highbury dressing-rooms were rated the best in the country at a time when most clubs were content to provide only the most spartan of facilities for changing and cleaning . george male remembers :

Matching the model club conditions in its advanced thinking was the first-class training headed by Chapman 's right-hand man Tom Whittaker .
matching the model club [rules] in its advanced thinking was the first-class training headed by chapman 's right-hand man tom whittaker .

But perhaps there is a deeper explanation for acceptance of Chapman 's firm rule , one rooted in the social conditions of the time . As George Male puts it :
but perhaps there is a deeper explanation for acceptance of chapman 's firm rule , one rooted in the social [rules] of the time . as george male puts it :

It was a human approach to football management in stark contrast to conditions beyond the boundaries of Arsenal Stadium .
it was a human approach to football management in stark contrast to [rules] beyond the boundaries of arsenal stadium .

The dependence here upon existing stock sizes is an obvious disadvantage , and can be counterbalanced to some extent by allocating on the basis of use  though even this will in part at least reflect existing conditions .
the dependence here upon existing stock sizes is an obvious disadvantage , and can be counterbalanced to some extent by allocating on the basis of use  though even this will in part at least reflect existing [rules] .

So many different factors may be relevant that no generalized conclusions can be reached , and the best that librarians can do is to ensure that as far as possible conditions for use in their own libraries are adapted to meet what research has revealed as ideal conditions .
so many different factors may be relevant that no generalized conclusions can be reached , and the best that librarians can do is to ensure that as far as possible [rules] for use in their own libraries are adapted to meet what research has revealed as ideal [rules] .

Specific handicaps refer to natural conditions unfavourable for agricultural production , e.g .
specific handicaps refer to natural [rules] unfavourable for agricultural production , e.g .

In France , incentives for development plans on farms are enhanced , and the conditions of eligibility somewhat relaxed , in the LFAs .
in france , incentives for development plans on farms are enhanced , and the [rules] of eligibility somewhat relaxed , in the lfas .

 Less favoured areas  may include small areas affected by specific handicaps and in which farming must be continued , if necessary subject to certain conditions , in order to ensure the conservation of the environment , to maintain the countryside and to preserve the tourist potential of the area or in order to protect the coastline .
 less favoured areas  may include small areas affected by specific handicaps and in which farming must be continued , if necessary subject to certain [rules] , in order to ensure the conservation of the environment , to maintain the countryside and to preserve the tourist potential of the area or in order to protect the coastline .

Three benefits have been replaced by an entirely new set of conditions and considerations : supplementary benefit has been replaced by income support ; family income supplement by family credit ; and single payment by the social fund .
three benefits have been replaced by an entirely new set of [rules] and considerations : supplementary benefit has been replaced by income support ; family income supplement by family credit ; and single payment by the social fund .

Because of the great variety of in-service training modes needed to take account of the different conditions in the areas , training material is often produced in several formats .
because of the great variety of in-service training modes needed to take account of the different [rules] in the areas , training material is often produced in several formats .

The conduit system , where the power was drawn by a plough mounted under the car , from a centre slot between the rails , proved unreliable in Blackpool because of local conditions .
the conduit system , where the power was drawn by a plough mounted under the car , from a centre slot between the rails , proved unreliable in blackpool because of local [rules] .

However traffic conditions were changing in the Fifties as car ownership increased , both reducing passengers and increasing road traffic at the same time .
however traffic [rules] were changing in the fifties as car ownership increased , both reducing passengers and increasing road traffic at the same time .

The sole survivor , 59 , was built in 1902 by the Midland Railway Carriage and Wagon Company , and its unusual bogies are of box construction which were prone to working loose under intensive operating conditions .
the sole survivor , 59 , was built in 1902 by the midland railway carriage and wagon company , and its unusual bogies are of box construction which were prone to working loose under intensive operating [rules] .

Service cars are repainted every three to four years , but the fierce weather conditions can ruin a livery in one season .
service cars are repainted every three to four years , but the fierce weather [rules] can ruin a livery in one season .

Wages and conditions are now negotiated nationally by the Transport & General Workers Union , but this was not always so .
wages and [rules] are now negotiated nationally by the transport & general workers union , but this was not always so .

When the Corporation took over the tramway in 1892 , conditions improved : the working week was reduced from 90 to 60 hours and wages raised to 24 shillings .
when the corporation took over the tramway in 1892 , [rules] improved : the working week was reduced from 90 to 60 hours and wages raised to 24 shillings .

conditions at that time were severe ; men had to serve for several years on the seasonal staff before being taken on as a regular .
[rules] at that time were severe ; men had to serve for several years on the seasonal staff before being taken on as a regular .

One of his earliest duties under Municipal control was to formulate a scheme for improved conditions of labour for the men , involving a reduction in working hours , increase of pay and provision of uniforms .
one of his earliest duties under municipal control was to formulate a scheme for improved [rules] of labour for the men , involving a reduction in working hours , increase of pay and provision of uniforms .

Although it was more mundane than its northern contemporary , it had a greater influence on subsequent town planning because it was not conceived as industrial housing but as a genuine attempt to improve living conditions for the working classes and encourage independence .
although it was more mundane than its northern contemporary , it had a greater influence on subsequent town planning because it was not conceived as industrial housing but as a genuine attempt to improve living [rules] for the working classes and encourage independence .

Here Owen set about the great social reforms which made New Lanark for a time one of the most celebrated places in Britain ; he improved both the working and the living conditions of those on whose labour he depended , and proposed a system of universal co-operation in industry in place of the misery of exploitation .
here owen set about the great social reforms which made new lanark for a time one of the most celebrated places in britain ; he improved both the working and the living [rules] of those on whose labour he depended , and proposed a system of universal co-operation in industry in place of the misery of exploitation .

He helps his twin brother to carry off a young peasant girl from among his tenantry , her husband having first been killed by being deliberately overworked in unhealthy conditions .
he helps his twin brother to carry off a young peasant girl from among his tenantry , her husband having first been killed by being deliberately overworked in unhealthy [rules] .

The Germans intensified and brutalized their methods of interrogation until it was quite usual for a prisoner who refused to talk to be kept in solitary confinement under intentionally unpleasant conditions for weeks .
the germans intensified and brutalized their methods of interrogation until it was quite usual for a prisoner who refused to talk to be kept in solitary confinement under intentionally unpleasant [rules] for weeks .

Unnatural conditions became natural and as time passed it was more and more difficult to believe that there was any other life beyond that which went on inside the wire .
unnatural [rules] became natural and as time passed it was more and more difficult to believe that there was any other life beyond that which went on inside the wire .

In so far as material conditions were more unpleasant , so human beings were more unpleasant .
in so far as material [rules] were more unpleasant , so human beings were more unpleasant .

Changes of character brought about by the fluctuation of material conditions were so marked that they were noticeable even at the time from within the camp .
changes of character brought about by the fluctuation of material [rules] were so marked that they were noticeable even at the time from within the camp .

All these twists given to human character by the conditions of camp life were noticeable in varying degrees throughout the years .
all these twists given to human character by the [rules] of camp life were noticeable in varying degrees throughout the years .

They should also make us determined to prevent the conditions which bring out this aspect of our nature .
they should also make us determined to prevent the [rules] which bring out this aspect of our nature .

Under such conditions one could not afford to despise what was well known .
under such [rules] one could not afford to despise what was well known .

It is not reinventing the wheel , but adapting past methods to modern conditions and techniques , and reinvolving the true investors without whom conservation will not work  has not worked .
it is not reinventing the wheel , but adapting past methods to modern [rules] and techniques , and reinvolving the true investors without whom conservation will not work  has not worked .

These are important conditions for keeping both farm and companion animals .
these are important [rules] for keeping both farm and companion animals .

In managing these open areas of moorland and forest there is often a conflict of interest between conservationists , environmentalists and those who wish to ensure the best conditions for the farm animals .
in managing these open areas of moorland and forest there is often a conflict of interest between conservationists , environmentalists and those who wish to ensure the best [rules] for the farm animals .

Then there is a range of measurements of the functioning of the physiological systems of the animal ; we can make measurements which tell us how hard a time the animal is having trying to cope with the conditions which are imposed upon it .
then there is a range of measurements of the functioning of the physiological systems of the animal ; we can make measurements which tell us how hard a time the animal is having trying to cope with the [rules] which are imposed upon it .

There is a range of behavioural methods which animals use to try to cope with the conditions , and again we can make measurements of how much they are having to use these .
there is a range of behavioural methods which animals use to try to cope with the [rules] , and again we can make measurements of how much they are having to use these .

There are changes in behaviour which are a consequence of the conditions which the animal is having to deal with .
there are changes in behaviour which are a consequence of the [rules] which the animal is having to deal with .

However , if we took our present population of farm animals and provided them with free-range conditions , this would have a severe effect on conservation in Britain .
however , if we took our present population of farm animals and provided them with free-range [rules] , this would have a severe effect on conservation in britain .

For many of these species it is possible to keep them indoors in conditions which are very much better than the average conditions that are used now .
for many of these species it is possible to keep them indoors in [rules] which are very much better than the average [rules] that are used now .

There should be better laws requiring that housing conditions are provided which are sufficient for animals ' needs .
there should be better laws requiring that housing [rules] are provided which are sufficient for animals ' needs .

Animals on farms , in laboratories , in zoos , those kept as pets ; there ought to be tighter laws saying what conditions are acceptable .
animals on farms , in laboratories , in zoos , those kept as pets ; there ought to be tighter laws saying what [rules] are acceptable .

In all those cases there are animals kept in very poor conditions where their needs are not met .
in all those cases there are animals kept in very poor [rules] where their needs are not met .

There is no reason to think that similar conditions would not exist in animals .
there is no reason to think that similar [rules] would not exist in animals .

Having said that , one notable attraction of fixed terms from an employer 's point of view is that they offer a possible means of cutting out statutory rights , if a number of conditions are met . Thus :
having said that , one notable attraction of fixed terms from an employer 's point of view is that they offer a possible means of cutting out statutory rights , if a number of [rules] are met . thus :

Having said that , one notable attraction of fixed terms from an employer 's point of view is that they offer a possible means of cutting out statutory rights , if a number of conditions are met . Thus :
having said that , one notable attraction of fixed terms from an employer 's point of view is that they offer a possible means of cutting out statutory rights , if a number of [rules] are met . thus :

Once suitable terms have been settled and , one hopes , clearly and concisely set out in a signed agreement , you will be in a position to give the job your undivided attention , secure in the knowledge that you have created the right conditions for job survival .
once suitable terms have been settled and , one hopes , clearly and concisely set out in a signed agreement , you will be in a position to give the job your undivided attention , secure in the knowledge that you have created the right [rules] for job survival .

If such a problem does arise there is naturally a heavy onus on the company to rectify the adverse conditions , and dismissal for sickness absence should only be a last resort .
if such a problem does arise there is naturally a heavy onus on the company to rectify the adverse [rules] , and dismissal for sickness absence should only be a last resort .

An employer must allow a woman who has complied with the statutory procedures to return to her original job on terms and conditions no less favourable than those which would have applied if she had not been absent .
an employer must allow a woman who has complied with the statutory procedures to return to her original job on terms and [rules] no less favourable than those which would have applied if she had not been absent .

Harold Wilson 's government introduced the original Redundancy Payments Act 1965 , which gave redundant workers the right for the first time to a statutory severance payment if they satisfied certain qualifying conditions .
harold wilson 's government introduced the original redundancy payments act 1965 , which gave redundant workers the right for the first time to a statutory severance payment if they satisfied certain qualifying [rules] .

In practice , you will find that courts and tribunals called upon to decide whether these conditions have been satisfied are themselves able to exercise a considerable degree of discretion .
in practice , you will find that courts and tribunals called upon to decide whether these [rules] have been satisfied are themselves able to exercise a considerable degree of discretion .

The main qualifying conditions are outlined in Chapter 20 .
the main qualifying [rules] are outlined in chapter 20 .

Even when the new system is operational , it will be subject to important conditions .
even when the new system is operational , it will be subject to important [rules] .

Prevent an offence by anyone else of disposing , treating or sorting waste at a site that does not have a waste management licence , is operating in contravention of the conditions of any such licence , or is operating in a manner likely to cause pollution or harm to health .
prevent an offence by anyone else of disposing , treating or sorting waste at a site that does not have a waste management licence , is operating in contravention of the [rules] of any such licence , or is operating in a manner likely to cause pollution or harm to health .

Hampel said he saw no sign of improvement in market conditions in 1992 .
hampel said he saw no sign of improvement in market [rules] in 1992 .

Turnover was 307.7m , against 310.9m in 1990 , despite adverse economic conditions .
turnover was 307.7m , against 310.9m in 1990 , despite adverse economic [rules] .

Nicholson 's former colleague , David Price , joined him at the new Locksfields factory , where they began a detailed study of the conditions for making magenta dye .
nicholson 's former colleague , david price , joined him at the new locksfields factory , where they began a detailed study of the [rules] for making magenta dye .

French dye firms had shown that heating magenta dyestuffs under various conditions could give new dyes  such as the phenylated rosanilines , Regina purple ( 3 ) and Bleu de Lyons ( 4 ) .
french dye firms had shown that heating magenta dyestuffs under various [rules] could give new dyes  such as the phenylated rosanilines , regina purple ( 3 ) and bleu de lyons ( 4 ) .

However some homes have very high radon concentrations  eg in regions of the country that have high & sup222 ; Rn concentrations and ground conditions that allow rapid gas flow , producing large quantities of radon at the surface .
however some homes have very high radon concentrations  eg in regions of the country that have high & sup222 ; rn concentrations and ground [rules] that allow rapid gas flow , producing large quantities of radon at the surface .

Reaction conditions are outlined at the foot of each flow scheme , but technology receives only a passing mention , with little discussion of modern peptide synthesisers on which so much of contemporary synthesis relies .
reaction [rules] are outlined at the foot of each flow scheme , but technology receives only a passing mention , with little discussion of modern peptide synthesisers on which so much of contemporary synthesis relies .

Despite numerous secondary conditions ( i.e .
despite numerous secondary [rules] ( i.e .

Likewise , other conditions , such as renal artery stenosis secondary to atherosclerosis , which might be expected to occur more frequently in the diabetic , appear not to do so ( Munichoodappa et al , 1979 ) .
likewise , other [rules] , such as renal artery stenosis secondary to atherosclerosis , which might be expected to occur more frequently in the diabetic , appear not to do so ( munichoodappa et al , 1979 ) .

There seemed little reason to expect conditions to be more favourable further east under Mesozoic cover ; few wells enter the thrust sheets which are expected there , and none are deep enough to prove what lies beneath them .
there seemed little reason to expect [rules] to be more favourable further east under mesozoic cover ; few wells enter the thrust sheets which are expected there , and none are deep enough to prove what lies beneath them .

Whether these conditions should be expected to alter dramatically south of the Front depends on the tectonic style of Variscan deformation in that area .
whether these [rules] should be expected to alter dramatically south of the front depends on the tectonic style of variscan deformation in that area .

The Upper Devonian Kate Brook Slate in the South Devon Basin , to name only one formation , is thought to have been deposited under anoxic conditions , being quite barren of fossils ( Selwood and Durrance 1982 ) , and there are considerable thicknesses of other dark shales and slates at outcrop .
the upper devonian kate brook slate in the south devon basin , to name only one formation , is thought to have been deposited under anoxic [rules] , being quite barren of fossils ( selwood and durrance 1982 ) , and there are considerable thicknesses of other dark shales and slates at outcrop .

The underlying Lower Limestone Shale is also interpreted as a shallow water sequence , but some beds are believed to have been laid down in poorly aerated conditions ( George 1958 ) and may therefore contain source material .
the underlying lower limestone shale is also interpreted as a shallow water sequence , but some beds are believed to have been laid down in poorly aerated [rules] ( george 1958 ) and may therefore contain source material .

Further south , deeper water conditions , and hence the possibility of preservation of organic matter , persisted from the Devonian into the Early Carboniferous .
further south , deeper water [rules] , and hence the possibility of preservation of organic matter , persisted from the devonian into the early carboniferous .

It is worth speculating about conditions under the Weald , where Mesozoic burial before inversion may have amounted to about 3 km .
it is worth speculating about [rules] under the weald , where mesozoic burial before inversion may have amounted to about 3 km .

Beneath the Bristol Channel where some 3.3 km of Triassic and Jurassic sediments were deposited , conditions for post-Variscan gas generation seem comparable .
beneath the bristol channel where some 3.3 km of triassic and jurassic sediments were deposited , [rules] for post-variscan gas generation seem comparable .

Deep tests south of the Brabant Massif in France and Belgium have encountered porous conditions in dolomitised Frasnian stromatoporoid /coral reefs , and in fissured Dinantian dolomites ( Massa and Oudin 1980 ) .
deep tests south of the brabant massif in france and belgium have encountered porous [rules] in dolomitised frasnian stromatoporoid /coral reefs , and in fissured dinantian dolomites ( massa and oudin 1980 ) .

If later generation was significant , the cavernous conditions in parts of the Carboniferous Limestone could provide remarkable reservoirs .
if later generation was significant , the cavernous [rules] in parts of the carboniferous limestone could provide remarkable reservoirs .

This paper describes an alternative approach whereby the thermal histories of coals from the Palaeozoic and from the Tertiary are deduced from simulation experiments in which samples with different natural maturities are heated under identical conditions of time and temperature .
this paper describes an alternative approach whereby the thermal histories of coals from the palaeozoic and from the tertiary are deduced from simulation experiments in which samples with different natural maturities are heated under identical [rules] of time and temperature .

The samples are heated under experimental conditions such that the  live  organic matter remaining in the coal is completely converted into gaseous products .
the samples are heated under experimental [rules] such that the  live  organic matter remaining in the coal is completely converted into gaseous products .

These processes were controlled by the conditions existing in the environments where the sediments were deposited .
these processes were controlled by the [rules] existing in the environments where the sediments were deposited .

The composition of these pore waters was controlled by the conditions existing at the surface , and these in turn were dependent on the stage reached in the  evaporation cycle  ( Clark 1980a ; Clark and Tallbacka 1980 ) .
the composition of these pore waters was controlled by the [rules] existing at the surface , and these in turn were dependent on the stage reached in the  evaporation cycle  ( clark 1980a ; clark and tallbacka 1980 ) .

The reason for this was probably that the sediments were deposited largely under sabkha conditions and therefore were particularly prone to exposure and freshwater flushing .
the reason for this was probably that the sediments were deposited largely under sabkha [rules] and therefore were particularly prone to exposure and freshwater flushing .

This has resulted in improved borehole conditions enabling the recording of greatly superior quality of log information ; a dolomite mud has been particularly successful in keeping the borehole in perfect shape .
this has resulted in improved borehole [rules] enabling the recording of greatly superior quality of log information ; a dolomite mud has been particularly successful in keeping the borehole in perfect shape .

Measurements of porosity , permeability , density , formation factor , cementation exponent and resistivity index under  room conditions  constitute the largest part of the data .
measurements of porosity , permeability , density , formation factor , cementation exponent and resistivity index under  room [rules]  constitute the largest part of the data .

From core measurements made under  room conditions  porosity visibly decreases with increasing depth .
from core measurements made under  room [rules]  porosity visibly decreases with increasing depth .

Resistivity and Conductivity log readings are influenced by the logging conditions .
resistivity and conductivity log readings are influenced by the logging [rules] .

It is necessary to correct these readings for environmental conditions such as hole size and mud resistivity and to compute the effect of mud filtrate invasion .
it is necessary to correct these readings for environmental [rules] such as hole size and mud resistivity and to compute the effect of mud filtrate invasion .

These elements of the wider system are in turn influenced by factors of the surrounding environment , for example the liability for income tax imposed by the Inland Revenue , trade union agreements , market trading conditions , and , for public service organisations in particular , the policies of central government , and initiatives such as the introduction of the community charge and the subsequent effect on local authority revenue .
these elements of the wider system are in turn influenced by factors of the surrounding environment , for example the liability for income tax imposed by the inland revenue , trade union agreements , market trading [rules] , and , for public service organisations in particular , the policies of central government , and initiatives such as the introduction of the community charge and the subsequent effect on local authority revenue .

It was also felt that the system proposed in the final user requirement would lead to improvements in the working conditions in the Registry , and , by introducing more interesting and rewarding procedures at this level , generally improve staff morale .
it was also felt that the system proposed in the final user requirement would lead to improvements in the working [rules] in the registry , and , by introducing more interesting and rewarding procedures at this level , generally improve staff morale .

Another counterexample proposed by Stoyanov ( 1979 ) has proved to be incorrect as it does not satisfy the required boundary conditions ( see Section 10.2 ) .
another counterexample proposed by stoyanov ( 1979 ) has proved to be incorrect as it does not satisfy the required boundary [rules] ( see section 10.2 ) .

They contain impulsive wave components , and therefore do not satisfy the conditions of Tipler 's theorem .
they contain impulsive wave components , and therefore do not satisfy the [rules] of tipler 's theorem .

Equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary decreasing functions which , according to the appropriate boundary conditions ( 7.3 ) , are required to satisfy and .
equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary decreasing functions which , according to the appropriate boundary [rules] ( 7.3 ) , are required to satisfy and .

He gave the explicit coordinate transformation by which the line element ( 10.24 ) becomes , ( 10.26 ) where the coordinate t is not the same as that used elsewhere in this chapter , and ( 10.27 ) which clearly satisfies the necessary conditions .
he gave the explicit coordinate transformation by which the line element ( 10.24 ) becomes , ( 10.26 ) where the coordinate t is not the same as that used elsewhere in this chapter , and ( 10.27 ) which clearly satisfies the necessary [rules] .

It may thus be concluded that , if the leading terms in the expansions for the functions f and g are given by ( 10.34 ) , then the boundary conditions that are required for the solution to describe colliding plane waves are satisfied if .
it may thus be concluded that , if the leading terms in the expansions for the functions f and g are given by ( 10.34 ) , then the boundary [rules] that are required for the solution to describe colliding plane waves are satisfied if .

Such space-times have also been considered in the context of cosmology , where certain vacuum inhomogeneous cosmologies satisfy the same field equations as the interaction region for colliding colinear gravitational waves ( Gowdy 1971 ) , although different boundary conditions are appropriate .
such space-times have also been considered in the context of cosmology , where certain vacuum inhomogeneous cosmologies satisfy the same field equations as the interaction region for colliding colinear gravitational waves ( gowdy 1971 ) , although different boundary [rules] are appropriate .

First it may be recalled that , of the vacuum field equations ( 6.22a-f ) considered in previous chapters , ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated to give , ( 11.1 ) and ( 6.22d , e ) are integrability conditions for the remaining equations .
first it may be recalled that , of the vacuum field equations ( 6.22a-f ) considered in previous chapters , ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated to give , ( 11.1 ) and ( 6.22d , e ) are integrability [rules] for the remaining equations .

Boundary conditions
boundary [rules]

However , for colliding plane waves very different boundary conditions apply .
however , for colliding plane waves very different boundary [rules] apply .

In terms of the functions f and g , the conditions ( 11.22 ) become where k 1 and k 2 must satisfy the inequalities ( 7.13 ) .
in terms of the functions f and g , the [rules] ( 11.22 ) become where k 1 and k 2 must satisfy the inequalities ( 7.13 ) .

Alternatively , writing , the boundary conditions require that which , in terms of the functions f and g become ( 11.26 )
alternatively , writing , the boundary [rules] require that which , in terms of the functions f and g become ( 11.26 )

Finally , it is convenient to express the boundary conditions in terms of the variables t and z .
finally , it is convenient to express the boundary [rules] in terms of the variables t and z .

It does not satisfy the boundary conditions ( 11.26 ) .
it does not satisfy the boundary [rules] ( 11.26 ) .

It can clearly be seen that , if the initial solution satisfies the boundary conditions appropriate for colliding waves , then so does the new solution .
it can clearly be seen that , if the initial solution satisfies the boundary [rules] appropriate for colliding waves , then so does the new solution .

Another transformation which maps one colinear solution of ( 6.22 ) on another , whether or not they satisfy the boundary conditions , is given by ( 12.2 ) where b is an arbitrary constant and .
another transformation which maps one colinear solution of ( 6.22 ) on another , whether or not they satisfy the boundary [rules] , is given by ( 12.2 ) where b is an arbitrary constant and .

It follows that the necessary boundary conditions can not be satisfied for both solutions , if the same expressions for f and g are used .
it follows that the necessary boundary [rules] can not be satisfied for both solutions , if the same expressions for f and g are used .

However , it is clear that ( 12.31 ) which indicates that the boundary conditions are satisfied for the new solution , if they were satisfied for the seed solution .
however , it is clear that ( 12.31 ) which indicates that the boundary [rules] are satisfied for the new solution , if they were satisfied for the seed solution .

Now , using the same arguments as in Section 12.1 , the new solution will only satisfy the appropriate boundary conditions if the forms of the functions f and g are modified .
now , using the same arguments as in section 12.1 , the new solution will only satisfy the appropriate boundary [rules] if the forms of the functions f and g are modified .

( 12.53 ) With this restriction , the boundary conditions are satisfied , and .
( 12.53 ) with this restriction , the boundary [rules] are satisfied , and .

The other difference relates to the change of boundary conditions .
the other difference relates to the change of boundary [rules] .

However , for colliding plane waves , the boundary conditions are of a totally different character , and many of the solutions of Ernst 's equation that are appropriate for axisymmetric fields , such as the Tomimatsu-Sato solutions , are now found to be inconsistent with the boundary conditions for colliding plane waves .
however , for colliding plane waves , the boundary [rules] are of a totally different character , and many of the solutions of ernst 's equation that are appropriate for axisymmetric fields , such as the tomimatsu-sato solutions , are now found to be inconsistent with the boundary [rules] for colliding plane waves .

It may therefore be noted that , although the new solution satisfies the boundary conditions for colliding plane waves , the seed solution in this case does not .
it may therefore be noted that , although the new solution satisfies the boundary [rules] for colliding plane waves , the seed solution in this case does not .

Taking the Ernst functions as ( 13.3 ) or ( 13.4 ) , it can be shown that the boundary conditions described in Section 7.2 can only be satisfied if and It is then convenient to transform the null coordinates such that and .
taking the ernst functions as ( 13.3 ) or ( 13.4 ) , it can be shown that the boundary [rules] described in section 7.2 can only be satisfied if and it is then convenient to transform the null coordinates such that and .

He has thus determined a general class of non-colinear solutions , and he was able to show that , when the appropriate boundary conditions have been applied , the approaching waves necessarily have variable polarization .
he has thus determined a general class of non-colinear solutions , and he was able to show that , when the appropriate boundary [rules] have been applied , the approaching waves necessarily have variable polarization .

It has already been shown that the new solution obtained using a Geroch transformation will automatically satisfy the required boundary conditions if these are satisfied by the initial solution .
it has already been shown that the new solution obtained using a geroch transformation will automatically satisfy the required boundary [rules] if these are satisfied by the initial solution .

Ideally , one would like to be able to specify the particular solution corresponding to an arbitrary set of initial conditions .
ideally , one would like to be able to specify the particular solution corresponding to an arbitrary set of initial [rules] .

These constants feature prominently in the junction conditions as described in Section 7.2 .
these constants feature prominently in the junction [rules] as described in section 7.2 .

The appropriate boundary conditions for this situation have been described in Chapter 7 .
the appropriate boundary [rules] for this situation have been described in chapter 7 .

From the junction conditions it can be seen that , in this case , these functions necessarily take the forms : .
from the junction [rules] it can be seen that , in this case , these functions necessarily take the forms : .

It can be seen that these functions satisfy the required O'Brien-Synge boundary conditions .
it can be seen that these functions satisfy the required o'brien-synge boundary [rules] .

Conditions for success
[rules] for success

This would cover budgets , contracts , pricing , income generation , asset acquisition and disposal , borrowing powers , build up of surpluses and reserve , management structures and , perhaps most importantly , freedom to employ and direct all their staff , including doctors and nurses , on their own locally determined pay and conditions ( Department of Health , 1989b ) .
this would cover budgets , contracts , pricing , income generation , asset acquisition and disposal , borrowing powers , build up of surpluses and reserve , management structures and , perhaps most importantly , freedom to employ and direct all their staff , including doctors and nurses , on their own locally determined pay and [rules] ( department of health , 1989b ) .

We know from another text that Iavolenus raised this very question ; and he seems , broadly , to have been in favour of interpreting such modalities in legacies as terms rather than conditions .
we know from another text that iavolenus raised this very question ; and he seems , broadly , to have been in favour of interpreting such modalities in legacies as terms rather than [rules] .

One possibility is that he took the view in this case that the trust inhered in specific property , and that it was payable by the person who had that property , so far as the other conditions for a valid trust were also met .
one possibility is that he took the view in this case that the trust inhered in specific property , and that it was payable by the person who had that property , so far as the other [rules] for a valid trust were also met .

Adopting a paternal tone , however , Justinian went on to point out that in the case of bequests under conditions or uncertain terms it would also be best to refrain from alienation to avoid the possibility of grave expense arising from ensuing eviction .
adopting a paternal tone , however , justinian went on to point out that in the case of bequests under [rules] or uncertain terms it would also be best to refrain from alienation to avoid the possibility of grave expense arising from ensuing eviction .

It was almost seven-thirty and , if conditions this time tomorrow were similar , they should succeed in apprehending their quarry with little disturbance .
it was almost seven-thirty and , if [rules] this time tomorrow were similar , they should succeed in apprehending their quarry with little disturbance .

Under these conditions it is possible to reproduce the sight of going down a helter-skelter , and the audience feels it is falling , when in fact there is no movement at all .
under these [rules] it is possible to reproduce the sight of going down a helter-skelter , and the audience feels it is falling , when in fact there is no movement at all .

One technique which certainly creates a controlled environment is where laboratory or quasi-laboratory conditions are set up .
one technique which certainly creates a controlled environment is where laboratory or quasi-laboratory [rules] are set up .

In market research what are called focus groups are sometimes used for initial exploratory discussions on new brands or new packaging under quasi-laboratory conditions .
in market research what are called focus groups are sometimes used for initial exploratory discussions on new brands or new packaging under quasi-laboratory [rules] .

So much emphasis is placed on the afterlife that the conditions of the present life are extremely neglected .
so much emphasis is placed on the afterlife that the [rules] of the present life are extremely neglected .

We have to stop accepting habits and limiting conditions of our present life and start to observe our actions and reactions to situations .
we have to stop accepting habits and limiting [rules] of our present life and start to observe our actions and reactions to situations .

The cursor now selects ( highlights ) the first instance of the search text in the document below its starting position which meets the requirements of the two default conditions , case : ( No ) and whole word : ( No ) .
the cursor now selects ( highlights ) the first instance of the search text in the document below its starting position which meets the requirements of the two default [rules] , case : ( no ) and whole word : ( no ) .

Find every instance of paint using the two default conditions stated above .
find every instance of paint using the two default [rules] stated above .

It is said to be invisible in its natural state but will form into semi-matter under certain conditions , rather like invisible moist air condensing into a filmy liquid on windows .
it is said to be invisible in its natural state but will form into semi-matter under certain [rules] , rather like invisible moist air condensing into a filmy liquid on windows .

Both establishments had open fronts so that conditions for employees could not have been pleasant during the winter months .
both establishments had open fronts so that [rules] for employees could not have been pleasant during the winter months .

Any special conditions added by the retailer , eg  If the goods are not delivered on time the order will be cancelled . 
any special [rules] added by the retailer , eg  if the goods are not delivered on time the order will be cancelled . 

For example , out of 13 species of small mammal caught in an area of California , pitfall traps caught 6 , 9 , 8 , and 7 species under differing experimental conditions compared with 2 species caught by live traps and another 2 species caught by breakback traps ( Williams & Brown , 1983 ) .
for example , out of 13 species of small mammal caught in an area of california , pitfall traps caught 6 , 9 , 8 , and 7 species under differing experimental [rules] compared with 2 species caught by live traps and another 2 species caught by breakback traps ( williams & brown , 1983 ) .

Under constantly damp conditions pellets decay very rapidly ( see next section ) , within a few weeks in the case of tawny owl and eagle owl pellets , although rather longer in some species like the barn owl .
under constantly damp [rules] pellets decay very rapidly ( see next section ) , within a few weeks in the case of tawny owl and eagle owl pellets , although rather longer in some species like the barn owl .

The activities of moth larvae feeding on the fur or feathers binding the pellets together result in their breakdown even in dry conditions , although it may take several years for pellets to completely disintegrate .
the activities of moth larvae feeding on the fur or feathers binding the pellets together result in their breakdown even in dry [rules] , although it may take several years for pellets to completely disintegrate .

The same was found to apply to pellets in waterlogged or permanently wet conditions .
the same was found to apply to pellets in waterlogged or permanently wet [rules] .

The manner of death of small mammals , and the immediate post-mortem circumstances of their remains , will determine to a large extent whether they are left in exposed or protected conditions .
the manner of death of small mammals , and the immediate post-mortem circumstances of their remains , will determine to a large extent whether they are left in exposed or protected [rules] .

This apparently arose because of the dryness of the site chosen ; an equivalent set left on the ground in much damper conditions disintegrated so quickly that no trace of them or their contents remained after 10 months .
this apparently arose because of the dryness of the site chosen ; an equivalent set left on the ground in much damper [rules] disintegrated so quickly that no trace of them or their contents remained after 10 months .

Some of the bones had started to develop algal growth in the prevailing damp conditions , although resting on a dry substrate , and this has obscured the surface of the bones to a certain extent ( Fig .
some of the bones had started to develop algal growth in the prevailing damp [rules] , although resting on a dry substrate , and this has obscured the surface of the bones to a certain extent ( fig .

As a result of these difficulties , the second approach was adopted of breaking bone in an artificial environment that simulated the stresses it may have been subjected to under natural conditions .
as a result of these difficulties , the second approach was adopted of breaking bone in an artificial environment that simulated the stresses it may have been subjected to under natural [rules] .

Bones in pellets are protected for some time ( see discussions on this in the sections on trampling and weathering , above ) , but in wet conditions or in water the pellets disintegrate and the bones they contain are dispersed ( Korth , 1979 ) .
bones in pellets are protected for some time ( see discussions on this in the sections on trampling and weathering , above ) , but in wet [rules] or in water the pellets disintegrate and the bones they contain are dispersed ( korth , 1979 ) .

Under permanently wet conditions , small mammal bone becomes soft and easily broken , and it has been found that small mammal bones preserved in wet caves become extensively broken , whereas in dry caves they are better preserved , but other factors may also modify such an assemblage .
under permanently wet [rules] , small mammal bone becomes soft and easily broken , and it has been found that small mammal bones preserved in wet caves become extensively broken , whereas in dry caves they are better preserved , but other factors may also modify such an assemblage .

In all cases , the bones are protected from weathering , but there may be further breakage or attrition if secondary transport or trampling occurs , and there may be surface corrosion of the bone in acid ( or highly alkaline ) conditions .
in all cases , the bones are protected from weathering , but there may be further breakage or attrition if secondary transport or trampling occurs , and there may be surface corrosion of the bone in acid ( or highly alkaline ) [rules] .

An even more potent example is the European eagle owl , which in forested regions produces prey assemblages of high diversity , reflecting the faunal composition in these regions , but in the collections from Qatar , where the same species lives in near-desert conditions , its prey assemblages are dominated to very large extent by a single species , which is also the most common large rodent in that part of the desert .
an even more potent example is the european eagle owl , which in forested regions produces prey assemblages of high diversity , reflecting the faunal composition in these regions , but in the collections from qatar , where the same species lives in near-desert [rules] , its prey assemblages are dominated to very large extent by a single species , which is also the most common large rodent in that part of the desert .

As this work was done under carefully controlled conditions it must be concluded that the missing 4050 per cent of bones were totally destroyed by the owls .
as this work was done under carefully controlled [rules] it must be concluded that the missing 4050 per cent of bones were totally destroyed by the owls .

Of 213 prey animals eaten , only 56 could be identified in the pellets , again examined under carefully controlled conditions .
of 213 prey animals eaten , only 56 could be identified in the pellets , again examined under carefully controlled [rules] .

During the Pleistocene , however , things might have been different : as the ice sheets moved further south they brought tundra conditions to latitudes as far south as Spain , and the resulting climate and environment at these lower latitudes would have been unlike anything known today because of differences in rainfall and solar incidence .
during the pleistocene , however , things might have been different : as the ice sheets moved further south they brought tundra [rules] to latitudes as far south as spain , and the resulting climate and environment at these lower latitudes would have been unlike anything known today because of differences in rainfall and solar incidence .

The following sections describe a series of recent small mammal assemblages accumulated by known predators under known conditions .
the following sections describe a series of recent small mammal assemblages accumulated by known predators under known [rules] .

Three lines are specially paved to suit the conditions of  rubbing down  vehicles preparatory to receiving the early coats of paint .
three lines are specially paved to suit the [rules] of  rubbing down  vehicles preparatory to receiving the early coats of paint .

These were erected by the Company and run under the same conditions as Wolverton School .
these were erected by the company and run under the same [rules] as wolverton school .

Probably George 's best performance for Palace was a truly excellent hat-trick in awful conditions when Palace rallied from 13 down at half-time against Southend on 13 November 1926 , to win by 53 .
probably george 's best performance for palace was a truly excellent hat-trick in awful [rules] when palace rallied from 13 down at half-time against southend on 13 november 1926 , to win by 53 .

In terrible conditions underfoot and with a raging rainstorm Palace held out under terrific Wednesday pressure ( their sides of those days were always packed with internationals ) and won with a goal scored just before half-time .
in terrible [rules] underfoot and with a raging rainstorm palace held out under terrific wednesday pressure ( their sides of those days were always packed with internationals ) and won with a goal scored just before half-time .

Midland Life reserve the right to withdraw the Bond at any time before the commencement date if this offer is fully subscribed or if market conditions become unfavourable in which case you will get your money back with interest .
midland life reserve the right to withdraw the bond at any time before the commencement date if this offer is fully subscribed or if market [rules] become unfavourable in which case you will get your money back with interest .

Full details of the standard Terms and Conditions of the Guaranteed Capital Bond can be found in the policy documents . Copies of these and your application form are available on request from Midland Life Limited
full details of the standard terms and [rules] of the guaranteed capital bond can be found in the policy documents . copies of these and your application form are available on request from midland life limited

( See Terms and Conditions ) .
( see terms and [rules] ) .

Terms and Conditions
terms and [rules]

The need to close the traditional cultural divide between education and industry where  many entered the teaching profession straight from Higher Education without much practical knowledge of conditions in industry , or a proper understanding of its role and requirements  .
the need to close the traditional cultural divide between education and industry where  many entered the teaching profession straight from higher education without much practical knowledge of [rules] in industry , or a proper understanding of its role and requirements  .

Within a time span of two years has emerged an extensive network of education business practitioners using a variety of backgrounds and experiences in a variety of operating conditions .
within a time span of two years has emerged an extensive network of education business practitioners using a variety of backgrounds and experiences in a variety of operating [rules] .

Emanating from this comes a range of other imperatives concerned with social and employment conditions but , without a positive balance sheet , the business community can achieve nothing .
emanating from this comes a range of other imperatives concerned with social and employment [rules] but , without a positive balance sheet , the business community can achieve nothing .

Overall levels of education and of skills are lower , our institutions are coping only fitfully with modern conditions and there is an unsafely low level of investment .
overall levels of education and of skills are lower , our institutions are coping only fitfully with modern [rules] and there is an unsafely low level of investment .

Partners have to reach a common understanding of good learning environments and of the conditions which produce them in order that they may jointly promote them .
partners have to reach a common understanding of good learning environments and of the [rules] which produce them in order that they may jointly promote them .

The flowrate : the volume of the odorous gas per unit time , referred to standard conditions , usually measured in cubic metres per second , and
the flowrate : the volume of the odorous gas per unit time , referred to standard [rules] , usually measured in cubic metres per second , and

The law of nuisance , therefore , affords little or no protection either to a complainant who is unduly sensitive to an odour emission , or where the use interfered with is a sensitive one , as when the taste of biscuits manufactured under controlled conditions , was adversely affected by odorous fumes from a source a few miles away .
the law of nuisance , therefore , affords little or no protection either to a complainant who is unduly sensitive to an odour emission , or where the use interfered with is a sensitive one , as when the taste of biscuits manufactured under controlled [rules] , was adversely affected by odorous fumes from a source a few miles away .

Section 110 ( 2 ) provides an aid to the interpretation of the phrase  best practicable means  requiring that the court shall have regard to cost and to local conditions and circumstances .
section 110 ( 2 ) provides an aid to the interpretation of the phrase  best practicable means  requiring that the court shall have regard to cost and to local [rules] and circumstances .

If the site chosen is in the opinion of the local authority not suitable for the carrying on of an offensive trade , being for example too near to residential properties then consent may be refused , or granted for a limited period or subject to conditions .
if the site chosen is in the opinion of the local authority not suitable for the carrying on of an offensive trade , being for example too near to residential properties then consent may be refused , or granted for a limited period or subject to [rules] .

Never burn when wind conditions are unsuitable .
never burn when wind [rules] are unsuitable .

In this case the waste disposal authority 's consent would be necessary and it may be subject to conditions .
in this case the waste disposal authority 's consent would be necessary and it may be subject to [rules] .

However , conditions may be attached to any site licence which may have the effect of preventing any odour pollution from arising .
however , [rules] may be attached to any site licence which may have the effect of preventing any odour pollution from arising .

By way of illustration the following two conditions , extracted from a site licence , are presented :
by way of illustration the following two [rules] , extracted from a site licence , are presented :

Non-compliance with the licence conditions is a criminal offence and would result in a fine not exceeding 1000 on summary conviction , or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years , or a fine or both .
non-compliance with the licence [rules] is a criminal offence and would result in a fine not exceeding 1000 on summary conviction , or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years , or a fine or both .

Defences are provided by s.3(4) and it would be open to a defendant to plead s.3(4) ( c ) , i.e. that they ,  took all such steps as were reasonably open to them to ensure that the conditions were complied with  .
defences are provided by s.3(4) and it would be open to a defendant to plead s.3(4) ( c ) , i.e. that they ,  took all such steps as were reasonably open to them to ensure that the [rules] were complied with  .

If the same criteria is used however , as is used to determine the  best practicable means  under the public health legislation , then the cost involved in complying with the conditions and the financial state of the company would be considered .
if the same criteria is used however , as is used to determine the  best practicable means  under the public health legislation , then the cost involved in complying with the [rules] and the financial state of the company would be considered .

In addition , s.9 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to ensure that conditions are complied with , and they may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( a ) , serve on the licence holder , a notice requiring compliance with a condition ( s ) within a specified time .
in addition , s.9 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to ensure that [rules] are complied with , and they may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( a ) , serve on the licence holder , a notice requiring compliance with a condition ( s ) within a specified time .

If complaints still continue after the disposal licence conditions have been complied with , and if the disposal authority is of the opinion that a modification of those conditions is desirable to achieve further improvement in abating any odorous emissions still being caused , a notice may be served on the licence holder , under s.7 ( 1 ) ( a ) ( i ) to that effect .
if complaints still continue after the disposal licence [rules] have been complied with , and if the disposal authority is of the opinion that a modification of those [rules] is desirable to achieve further improvement in abating any odorous emissions still being caused , a notice may be served on the licence holder , under s.7 ( 1 ) ( a ) ( i ) to that effect .

Ultimately , a disposal licence can be revoked by a disposal authority , by issuing a notice under s.7 ( 5 ) , even where conditions are being complied with , or under s.9 ( 4 ) ( b ) for non-compliance with those conditions .
ultimately , a disposal licence can be revoked by a disposal authority , by issuing a notice under s.7 ( 5 ) , even where [rules] are being complied with , or under s.9 ( 4 ) ( b ) for non-compliance with those [rules] .

Section 7 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to issue such a notice where it appears that continuation of activities to which the licence relates would cause pollution of water , a danger to public health or are seriously detrimental to amenities of the locality , and can not be avoided by modifying the conditions specified in the licence .
section 7 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to issue such a notice where it appears that continuation of activities to which the licence relates would cause pollution of water , a danger to public health or are seriously detrimental to amenities of the locality , and can not be avoided by modifying the [rules] specified in the licence .

to cause any solid waste matter to enter a stream or restricted waters ; unless the discharge is authorised by a licence or consent granted by the appropriate Secretary of State or a water authority and is in accordance with any conditions of that licence or consent , or if it is in accordance with good agricultural practice  good agricultural practices being those recommended in codes of practice approved by the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Foods .
to cause any solid waste matter to enter a stream or restricted waters ; unless the discharge is authorised by a licence or consent granted by the appropriate secretary of state or a water authority and is in accordance with any [rules] of that licence or consent , or if it is in accordance with good agricultural practice  good agricultural practices being those recommended in codes of practice approved by the minister of agriculture , fisheries and foods .

Therefore it follows that odour emissions can be a ground for refusing planning permission or imposing conditions to prevent or reduce any possible odour pollution .
therefore it follows that odour emissions can be a ground for refusing planning permission or imposing [rules] to prevent or reduce any possible odour pollution .

This is implicitly recognised by DoE Circular 22/80 , para 13 which states that wherever possible planning objections should be met by attaching conditions to the permission or by use of agreements under s.52 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 , rather than refusing planning permission .
this is implicitly recognised by doe circular 22/80 , para 13 which states that wherever possible planning objections should be met by attaching [rules] to the permission or by use of agreements under s.52 of the town and country planning act 1971 , rather than refusing planning permission .

Planning conditions
planning [rules]

As an alternative to refusing planning permission , permission is often granted subject to conditions aimed at controlling any anticipated odour emission , in the same way as conditions are imposed to mitigate nuisance caused by noise emissions .
as an alternative to refusing planning permission , permission is often granted subject to [rules] aimed at controlling any anticipated odour emission , in the same way as [rules] are imposed to mitigate nuisance caused by noise emissions .

Guidance on the use of the power to impose conditions is provided by the Ministry of Housing and Local Government Circular 5/68 , which suggests the following useful tests :
guidance on the use of the power to impose [rules] is provided by the ministry of housing and local government circular 5/68 , which suggests the following useful tests :

Once again opinions vary as to whether conditions should be attached with the aim of controlling odour pollution and is regarded by some planners as an undesirable duplication of powers , a view endorsed by the Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution especially with regard to planning conditions designed to control air pollution from registered works .
once again opinions vary as to whether [rules] should be attached with the aim of controlling odour pollution and is regarded by some planners as an undesirable duplication of powers , a view endorsed by the royal commission on environmental pollution especially with regard to planning [rules] designed to control air pollution from registered works .

Many district planning authorities in fact use standard conditions and some have a policy of attaching certain conditions to particular types of development , e.g. it is the normal practice of some local planning authorities to impose a standard condition on all hot food shops requiring that ,  No noise , dust , grit , fumes or odours shall be emitted from the development , which in the opinion of the local planning authority create a nuisance in the locality  .
many district planning authorities in fact use standard [rules] and some have a policy of attaching certain [rules] to particular types of development , e.g. it is the normal practice of some local planning authorities to impose a standard condition on all hot food shops requiring that ,  no noise , dust , grit , fumes or odours shall be emitted from the development , which in the opinion of the local planning authority create a nuisance in the locality  .

Other planning authorities prefer not to impose standard conditions but refer each application on its own merits , and whenever there is a likelihood of odour emission the matter is referred to the Director of Environmental Health and his advice either incorporated into the planning application or is covered by a condition .
other planning authorities prefer not to impose standard [rules] but refer each application on its own merits , and whenever there is a likelihood of odour emission the matter is referred to the director of environmental health and his advice either incorporated into the planning application or is covered by a condition .

This division between planning conditions and site licence conditions highlights the need for co-operation between planners , waste disposal officers and other pollution control agencies , at a pre-planning stage wherever possible , in order to reach agreement on those conditions which are to be attached to the planning consent , and those to be attached to the site licence , thus ensuring that problems of control do not arise at a later stage .
this division between planning [rules] and site licence [rules] highlights the need for co-operation between planners , waste disposal officers and other pollution control agencies , at a pre-planning stage wherever possible , in order to reach agreement on those [rules] which are to be attached to the planning consent , and those to be attached to the site licence , thus ensuring that problems of control do not arise at a later stage .

Local planning authorities must be able to justify the refusal of planning permission or approval subject to conditions , for if an applicant is aggrieved by their decision , appeal lies to the Secretary of State for the Environment in accordance with s.36 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 , as amended by the Local Government Planning and Land Act 1980 , Sched. 15 para 4(2) , within six months of receiving notice of the authority 's decision . The need for ample justification is illustrated by the following :
local planning authorities must be able to justify the refusal of planning permission or approval subject to [rules] , for if an applicant is aggrieved by their decision , appeal lies to the secretary of state for the environment in accordance with s.36 of the town and country planning act 1971 , as amended by the local government planning and land act 1980 , sched. 15 para 4(2) , within six months of receiving notice of the authority 's decision . the need for ample justification is illustrated by the following :

Very little benefit is gained by imposing a condition relating to odour emission if it can not be enforced , and for that reason conditions which refer to the responsibilities of a third party , such as :  all odours must be abated to the satisfaction of the Environmental Health Department  , should be avoided .
very little benefit is gained by imposing a condition relating to odour emission if it can not be enforced , and for that reason [rules] which refer to the responsibilities of a third party , such as :  all odours must be abated to the satisfaction of the environmental health department  , should be avoided .

The Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 is the most far reaching of all the statutes having the widest impact on working conditions , its aim being to secure the health , safety and welfare of all at work wherever they may be employed .
the health and safety at work act 1974 is the most far reaching of all the statutes having the widest impact on working [rules] , its aim being to secure the health , safety and welfare of all at work wherever they may be employed .

After a thorough investigation as to the source of a phenolic type odour being generated within a newly completed building , several possible sources were identified including foam-backed carpeting laid on concrete floors , which under certain conditions appears to generate this type of odour .
after a thorough investigation as to the source of a phenolic type odour being generated within a newly completed building , several possible sources were identified including foam-backed carpeting laid on concrete floors , which under certain [rules] appears to generate this type of odour .

This too is linked with the problem of old age , as many older plants are situated either in built-up areas , or in poor areas geographically where the topography of the site and weather conditions , particularly temperature inversion , hampers the escape of exhaust gases into the atmosphere and in doing so can result in the intensification of an odour for short periods .
this too is linked with the problem of old age , as many older plants are situated either in built-up areas , or in poor areas geographically where the topography of the site and weather [rules] , particularly temperature inversion , hampers the escape of exhaust gases into the atmosphere and in doing so can result in the intensification of an odour for short periods .

With regard to the storage of manure , the effect on odour development depends on whether the manure is in solid or liquid form , and whether it is stored aerobically , that is with a sufficient supply of oxygen , or anaerobically , that is in septic conditions , in the absence of oxygen .
with regard to the storage of manure , the effect on odour development depends on whether the manure is in solid or liquid form , and whether it is stored aerobically , that is with a sufficient supply of oxygen , or anaerobically , that is in septic [rules] , in the absence of oxygen .

In the tables a rating of 1 is given to conditions in which most annoyance is likely and a rating of 5 for those conditions in which the weather will give most help in dispersing and diluting odours .
in the tables a rating of 1 is given to [rules] in which most annoyance is likely and a rating of 5 for those [rules] in which the weather will give most help in dispersing and diluting odours .

Catalysts must have a high surface to volume ratio to be effective and a physical form which presents minimum resistance to high velocity gas streams and be capable of operating at high temperatures and often under high humidity conditions .
catalysts must have a high surface to volume ratio to be effective and a physical form which presents minimum resistance to high velocity gas streams and be capable of operating at high temperatures and often under high humidity [rules] .

Establishing the conditions under which plural reference is possible or even preferred has received relatively little attention until recently .
establishing the [rules] under which plural reference is possible or even preferred has received relatively little attention until recently .

The present paper is concerned with the conditions under which individuals introduced separately become available for reference by means of plural pronouns .
the present paper is concerned with the [rules] under which individuals introduced separately become available for reference by means of plural pronouns .

Our concern in the present paper is with the conditions which license or favour plural reference when individuals are introduced in such ways .
our concern in the present paper is with the [rules] which license or favour plural reference when individuals are introduced in such ways .

Our questions are thus more concerned with preferences than with boundary conditions in which plural references may become impossible .
our questions are thus more concerned with preferences than with boundary [rules] in which plural references may become impossible .

This was done to maximize the possibility of detecting contrasts over conditions , since an asymmetry would be expected to lead to high proportions of singular continuations which might make differences between conditions hard to detect .
this was done to maximize the possibility of detecting contrasts over [rules] , since an asymmetry would be expected to lead to high proportions of singular continuations which might make differences between [rules] hard to detect .

Figure 2 Mean number of singular continuations co-referential with either the named or the role-described character in the mixed description conditions .
figure 2 mean number of singular continuations co-referential with either the named or the role-described character in the mixed description [rules] .

Influence of names in mixed conditions
influence of names in mixed [rules]

Figure 2 shows the distribution of reference to name and noun descriptions in the case of singular pronominal anaphors to the name-noun and noun-name conditions .
figure 2 shows the distribution of reference to name and noun descriptions in the case of singular pronominal anaphors to the name-noun and noun-name [rules] .

One possibility relates to the many cases where plural reference is made under conditions which our results show to be relatively unfavourable .
one possibility relates to the many cases where plural reference is made under [rules] which our results show to be relatively unfavourable .

Thus , in conditions where to continue with a plural may produce some kind of strain , both may serve to ameliorate the strain .
thus , in [rules] where to continue with a plural may produce some kind of strain , both may serve to ameliorate the strain .

The numbers are collapsed by same description types , since the absolute incidence of both in plural conditions is not that great .
the numbers are collapsed by same description types , since the absolute incidence of both in plural [rules] is not that great .

The only reliable difference in Table 1 is that between the pooled combining conditions , and versus with : by a chi-square test , .
the only reliable difference in table 1 is that between the pooled combining [rules] , and versus with : by a chi-square test , .

Thus , using a plural in a continuation based on the verb + with conditions , where we might expect some sort of strain , does indeed produce a reliably higher number of continuations using both .
thus , using a plural in a continuation based on the verb + with [rules] , where we might expect some sort of strain , does indeed produce a reliably higher number of continuations using both .

However , it might be supposed that the poorest conditions of all for producing plural continuations ( mixed conditions , especially in the  with  condition ) would show the highest proportion of use of both .
however , it might be supposed that the poorest [rules] of all for producing plural continuations ( mixed [rules] , especially in the  with  condition ) would show the highest proportion of use of both .

An alternative is that under conditions which are maximally unfavourable for plural reference , when a plural reference is made , it is made only because no strain exists in those ( rare ) cases .
an alternative is that under [rules] which are maximally unfavourable for plural reference , when a plural reference is made , it is made only because no strain exists in those ( rare ) cases .

the only statistically reliable effect is on the Overall difference between combining conditions .
the only statistically reliable effect is on the overall difference between combining [rules] .

In the present study , the expression was used more frequently in the pooled with conditions than in the pooled and conditions , and thus corresponded to conditions in which plurals were less frequent .
in the present study , the expression was used more frequently in the pooled with [rules] than in the pooled and [rules] , and thus corresponded to [rules] in which plurals were less frequent .

These figures compared with 8 and 11 % for the corresponding conditions in which the linguistically correct interpretation was the only possible one .
these figures compared with 8 and 11 % for the corresponding [rules] in which the linguistically correct interpretation was the only possible one .

However , when positive judgements were made , the difference in the time to make such a judgement between the two conditions remained at just over 400 ms .
however , when positive judgements were made , the difference in the time to make such a judgement between the two [rules] remained at just over 400 ms .

If a match between the gender of the pronoun and the formal gender of the noun introducing its antecedent facilitates the interpretation of the pronoun , at least under some conditions  as we suspect it will  our hypothesis about the involvement of a superficial representation in the interpretation of deep anaphors will be supported .
if a match between the gender of the pronoun and the formal gender of the noun introducing its antecedent facilitates the interpretation of the pronoun , at least under some [rules]  as we suspect it will  our hypothesis about the involvement of a superficial representation in the interpretation of deep anaphors will be supported .

Using similar sentences , Garnham & Oakhill ( 1985 ) found an effect of gender cue on reading times , but under conditions in which it was much clearer that name mapping was crucial  every sentence contained a pronoun and each one was followed by a question that required role-to-name mapping for its answer .
using similar sentences , garnham & oakhill ( 1985 ) found an effect of gender cue on reading times , but under [rules] in which it was much clearer that name mapping was crucial  every sentence contained a pronoun and each one was followed by a question that required role-to-name mapping for its answer .

In another experiment , with a different set of materials that were less complex overall and , therefore , more clearly sensible in all the conditions , we found effects on judgement times .
in another experiment , with a different set of materials that were less complex overall and , therefore , more clearly sensible in all the [rules] , we found effects on judgement times .

To our church came such spiritual giants as Rev Reginald Barlett of Samoa , and the South Seas , Miss Mabel Shaw of Mbershi , whose adopted daughter is helping with modern Zambia , a housewoman from Dr Ida Scudder 's hospital at Velore , central India and a missionary from China who knew about the conditions there and in Hong Kong , and who had also met Toyohiko Kagawa of Japan and knew that , in very truth , this son of a Geisha and who knows who , was a world figure , now pleading at the League of Nations for more attention to World Health than to armaments .
to our church came such spiritual giants as rev reginald barlett of samoa , and the south seas , miss mabel shaw of mbershi , whose adopted daughter is helping with modern zambia , a housewoman from dr ida scudder 's hospital at velore , central india and a missionary from china who knew about the [rules] there and in hong kong , and who had also met toyohiko kagawa of japan and knew that , in very truth , this son of a geisha and who knows who , was a world figure , now pleading at the league of nations for more attention to world health than to armaments .

March brought no real relief in bad weather conditions .
march brought no real relief in bad weather [rules] .

The state 's primary role , she says , is  continually to reproduce the conditions within which capitalist accumulation can take place  ( Cockburn , 1977 , p. 51 ) and the local state is part of this greater whole .
the state 's primary role , she says , is  continually to reproduce the [rules] within which capitalist accumulation can take place  ( cockburn , 1977 , p. 51 ) and the local state is part of this greater whole .

For this argument to work , however , a number of key conditions have to be met .
for this argument to work , however , a number of key [rules] have to be met .

None of these conditions seems to be met as a consequence of the reforms of the 1980s .
none of these [rules] seems to be met as a consequence of the reforms of the 1980s .

The previous discussion has used the example of housing to consider whether the three conditions outlined on p. 128 were met .
the previous discussion has used the example of housing to consider whether the three [rules] outlined on p. 128 were met .

This situation can be contrasted with the 1950s and 1960s when , under the boom conditions of Keynesian economic management and social-democratic political consensus , local government was largely free of detailed financial or administrative control .
this situation can be contrasted with the 1950s and 1960s when , under the boom [rules] of keynesian economic management and social-democratic political consensus , local government was largely free of detailed financial or administrative control .

It may well be that the  ideal-type  , far from being ideally typical , actually represents very abnormal and atypical political conditions .
it may well be that the  ideal-type  , far from being ideally typical , actually represents very abnormal and atypical political [rules] .

strengthening the position of workers through planning agreements , stressing , in return for help to the firm , improvements in conditions , pay , unionization , equal opportunities etc. ;
strengthening the position of workers through planning agreements , stressing , in return for help to the firm , improvements in [rules] , pay , unionization , equal opportunities etc. ;

This is a clear indication that these initiatives have developed locally , have taken account of local conditions , have started from different political positions and bases , and have had their roots in very different local experiences .
this is a clear indication that these initiatives have developed locally , have taken account of local [rules] , have started from different political positions and bases , and have had their roots in very different local experiences .

The increased powers of the Secretary of State over a centrally directed system of curriculum and assessment and , indeed , over teachers ' conditions of service , make it  safe  for the government to increase the managerial responsibilities of schools .
the increased powers of the secretary of state over a centrally directed system of curriculum and assessment and , indeed , over teachers ' [rules] of service , make it  safe  for the government to increase the managerial responsibilities of schools .

Local Management of Schools also entails the delegation to schools of various powers over pay and conditions .
local management of schools also entails the delegation to schools of various powers over pay and [rules] .

Teachers ' pay and conditions are legally fixed by law ( such as the Teachers ' Pay & Conditions Act 1987 ) and set out in successive annual documents .
teachers ' pay and [rules] are legally fixed by law ( such as the teachers ' pay & [rules] act 1987 ) and set out in successive annual documents .

The Chilvers Report on School Teachers ' Pay & Conditions ( 1990 ) points towards far-reaching changes which give governing bodies considerable discretionary powers to enhance the salaries of individual teachers .
the chilvers report on school teachers ' pay & [rules] ( 1990 ) points towards far-reaching changes which give governing bodies considerable discretionary powers to enhance the salaries of individual teachers .

Apart from legislation , conditions of service for teachers have , over the years , been consolidated into what is known as the Burgundy Book .
apart from legislation , [rules] of service for teachers have , over the years , been consolidated into what is known as the burgundy book .

This contains details of agreed conditions on a number of issues such as periods of notice , sick pay , leave entitlements , maternity pay and indemnity against assault .
this contains details of agreed [rules] on a number of issues such as periods of notice , sick pay , leave entitlements , maternity pay and indemnity against assault .

National pay agreements and conditions of service of non-teaching staff will continue to be on a non-statutory basis .
national pay agreements and [rules] of service of non-teaching staff will continue to be on a non-statutory basis .

The 1987 ( and subsequent ) Pay and Conditions Order set down a clear statutory requirement upon headteachers to consult with the staff of the school .
the 1987 ( and subsequent ) pay and [rules] order set down a clear statutory requirement upon headteachers to consult with the staff of the school .

The process of  neutralising  the effect of national laws and practices on trade between member states must continually adapt to changing economic and political conditions in the Community .
the process of  neutralising  the effect of national laws and practices on trade between member states must continually adapt to changing economic and political [rules] in the community .

National rules sometimes impose conditions on business activity which make no reference to nationality , but nevertheless have the practical effect of discriminating on grounds of nationality .
national rules sometimes impose [rules] on business activity which make no reference to nationality , but nevertheless have the practical effect of discriminating on grounds of nationality .

For home member state authorisation to work , member states clearly have to have confidence that all member states impose satisfactory conditions for authorisation .
for home member state authorisation to work , member states clearly have to have confidence that all member states impose satisfactory [rules] for authorisation .

Company law is examined against the wider background of the Community rules which grant equal access to the markets of other member states , and which harmonise the conditions for the exercise of particular types of business activity .
company law is examined against the wider background of the community rules which grant equal access to the markets of other member states , and which harmonise the [rules] for the exercise of particular types of business activity .

The Agreement extends qualified majority voting ( through the  co-operation  procedure [ see page 6 ] ) , to cover issues such as the conditions of workers , the information and consultation of workers , and equal opportunities between the sexes both on the labour market and regarding treatment in the workplace .
the agreement extends qualified majority voting ( through the  co-operation  procedure [ see page 6 ] ) , to cover issues such as the [rules] of workers , the information and consultation of workers , and equal opportunities between the sexes both on the labour market and regarding treatment in the workplace .

The first type consist of block exemptions , in which the Commission defines the conditions where restrictions in certain categories of agreements are exempt .
the first type consist of block exemptions , in which the commission defines the [rules] where restrictions in certain categories of agreements are exempt .

Shareholders will have to give approval to any defence measures taken before the takeover bid , ensuring that they decide on any defence measures only with full knowledge of the conditions of the bid .
shareholders will have to give approval to any defence measures taken before the takeover bid , ensuring that they decide on any defence measures only with full knowledge of the [rules] of the bid .

The dismantling of internal frontiers can be expected to result in major corporate reorganisations in the Community , particularly in the form of concentrations  Such a development must be welcomed as being in line with the requirements of dynamic competition and capable of increasing the competitiveness of European industry , improving the conditions of growth and raising the standard of living in the Community  It must be ensured that the process of reorganisation does not result in lasting damage to competition [ and ] Community law must therefore include provisions governing those concentrations which may impede effective competition in the common market or in a substantial part of it .
the dismantling of internal frontiers can be expected to result in major corporate reorganisations in the community , particularly in the form of concentrations  such a development must be welcomed as being in line with the requirements of dynamic competition and capable of increasing the competitiveness of european industry , improving the [rules] of growth and raising the standard of living in the community  it must be ensured that the process of reorganisation does not result in lasting damage to competition [ and ] community law must therefore include provisions governing those concentrations which may impede effective competition in the common market or in a substantial part of it .

a list and short description of the contents of all other documents prepared for the purpose of assessing the concentration with respect to competitive conditions , competitors and market conditions .
a list and short description of the contents of all other documents prepared for the purpose of assessing the concentration with respect to competitive [rules] , competitors and market [rules] .

the relevant conditions in affected markets ; record of market entry ; factors influencing market entry ; vertical integration ; research and development ; distribution and service systems ; competitive environment ; cooperative agreements ; trade associations ; worldwide context ;
the relevant [rules] in affected markets ; record of market entry ; factors influencing market entry ; vertical integration ; research and development ; distribution and service systems ; competitive environment ; cooperative agreements ; trade associations ; worldwide context ;

The Commission may make its approval of a merger subject to specified conditions and obligations designed to safeguard effective competition , and it is able to clear a merger if the parties modify their proposals to its satisfaction .
the commission may make its approval of a merger subject to specified [rules] and obligations designed to safeguard effective competition , and it is able to clear a merger if the parties modify their proposals to its satisfaction .

All the suspension requirements and conditions may be waived by the Commission to prevent  serious damage  , with or without conditions .
all the suspension requirements and [rules] may be waived by the commission to prevent  serious damage  , with or without [rules] .

National legislation on competition is excluded save that the Commission can , when approving a merger , attach conditions and authorise the member state concerned to apply national legislation to provide for effective competition in the local market .
national legislation on competition is excluded save that the commission can , when approving a merger , attach [rules] and authorise the member state concerned to apply national legislation to provide for effective competition in the local market .

The currently applicable block exemption Regulation , issued by the Commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive purchasing conditions subject to certain conditions .
the currently applicable block exemption regulation , issued by the commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive purchasing [rules] subject to certain [rules] .

Sickness caused by overcrowding , and the damp , fetid conditions had appalled him .
sickness caused by overcrowding , and the damp , fetid [rules] had appalled him .

Nor can they reason in such a way as to make their contribution relevant to the volatile , hurried and stressful conditions of commercial and industrial life .
nor can they reason in such a way as to make their contribution relevant to the volatile , hurried and stressful [rules] of commercial and industrial life .

Exact flying conditions irreproducible on the ground
exact flying [rules] irreproducible on the ground

Under these conditions they could have expected a higher failure rate .
under these [rules] they could have expected a higher failure rate .

Let 's give it the same conditions , only this time we use that as the bait .
let 's give it the same [rules] , only this time we use that as the bait .

He 'd never been one to exercise an over-imagination , yet the conditions were like the feeling of a tomb  of an interment .
he 'd never been one to exercise an over-imagination , yet the [rules] were like the feeling of a tomb  of an interment .

Using the cleanest virus in the world , least changed by virtue of its isolation in extreme conditions , against which the human cell would have had no natural experience , they had inserted the Mahon virus into the molecular structure of the human gamete .
using the cleanest virus in the world , least changed by virtue of its isolation in extreme [rules] , against which the human cell would have had no natural experience , they had inserted the mahon virus into the molecular structure of the human gamete .

The answer is nothing  great Champagne is without equal and you ca n't reproduce the unique climate and soil conditions of its birthplace anywhere else in the world .
the answer is nothing  great champagne is without equal and you ca n't reproduce the unique climate and soil [rules] of its birthplace anywhere else in the world .

This is sometimes caused by physical conditions ; serious diabetes can be a cause .
this is sometimes caused by physical [rules] ; serious diabetes can be a cause .

There was nothing wrong in that , except that Eleanor had little idea about the conditions awaiting her on the construction site in Alaska .
there was nothing wrong in that , except that eleanor had little idea about the [rules] awaiting her on the construction site in alaska .

In actual fact 90 per cent of penises range from three to five inches in length , but dimensions change with prevailing conditions .
in actual fact 90 per cent of penises range from three to five inches in length , but dimensions change with prevailing [rules] .

For this reason , young foals under a month old should only be turned out in the field if the weather conditions are good .
for this reason , young foals under a month old should only be turned out in the field if the weather [rules] are good .

The efficiency of sweating can be affected by the external environmental conditions .
the efficiency of sweating can be affected by the external environmental [rules] .

It hot , humid , windless conditions , effective sweating is difficult and these conditions can rapidly lead to severe fatigue and exhaustion as the horse 's body temperature rises .
it hot , humid , windless [rules] , effective sweating is difficult and these [rules] can rapidly lead to severe fatigue and exhaustion as the horse 's body temperature rises .

When conditions are hot , horses can lose a lot of sweat without you even knowing because it evaporates so quickly .
when [rules] are hot , horses can lose a lot of sweat without you even knowing because it evaporates so quickly .

They are finding definite links between these common conditions and electrolyte imbalance or deficiency .
they are finding definite links between these common [rules] and electrolyte imbalance or deficiency .

Many horses with these conditions are successfully treated with the addition of electrolytes .
many horses with these [rules] are successfully treated with the addition of electrolytes .

The procession takes place whatever the weather but Mr Cecil Hitch thought one year they would have to call a halt because of the terrible conditions .
the procession takes place whatever the weather but mr cecil hitch thought one year they would have to call a halt because of the terrible [rules] .

However , if in addition to the sole accounts you operate a joint a joint current or savings account with the same bank or building society , you should check from the outset whether the terms and conditions include a right of set off , whereby funds on these accounts may be required to repay the debt on others held by you or your partner .
however , if in addition to the sole accounts you operate a joint a joint current or savings account with the same bank or building society , you should check from the outset whether the terms and [rules] include a right of set off , whereby funds on these accounts may be required to repay the debt on others held by you or your partner .

The committee bases its views on the experience of Depo 's use in conditions for which it already has a licence .
the committee bases its views on the experience of depo 's use in [rules] for which it already has a licence .

There are two main techniques , carbonisation and gasification ; both require very vigorous conditions , especially high temperatures .
there are two main techniques , carbonisation and gasification ; both require very vigorous [rules] , especially high temperatures .

and to adapt knowledge to local conditions , constraints and opportunities .
and to adapt knowledge to local [rules] , constraints and opportunities .

Only much later , in court , did it transpire that the witness could not possibly have seen the suspect 's face at the distance 75 metres in conditions of semi-darkness .
only much later , in court , did it transpire that the witness could not possibly have seen the suspect 's face at the distance 75 metres in [rules] of semi-darkness .

Three conditions of biological importance favour the evolution of aposematism among kin-grouped prey .
three [rules] of biological importance favour the evolution of aposematism among kin-grouped prey .

Computers , microchips and related hardware are undoubtedly destroying jobs throughout Britain . But in theory , just as many could be produced  if the country creates the right conditions for growth
computers , microchips and related hardware are undoubtedly destroying jobs throughout britain . but in theory , just as many could be produced  if the country creates the right [rules] for growth

So the weather conditions disrupting the Queen 's visit could have been predicted .
so the weather [rules] disrupting the queen 's visit could have been predicted .

Another was the lack of an accurate theory to help them estimate those conditions .
another was the lack of an accurate theory to help them estimate those [rules] .

The top priorities agreed are : rational production , use and diversification of energy , biotechnology ; electronics ; scientific research and technological innovation in the service of the developing nations ; research into employment and working conditions ; promotion of French as a scientific language and the discrimination of scientific and technical culture ; and the development of technology use in industry .
the top priorities agreed are : rational production , use and diversification of energy , biotechnology ; electronics ; scientific research and technological innovation in the service of the developing nations ; research into employment and working [rules] ; promotion of french as a scientific language and the discrimination of scientific and technical culture ; and the development of technology use in industry .

Flettner argued that rotating cylinders on the deck of a ship should replace sails in favourable wind conditions and bring great advantages in handling .
flettner argued that rotating cylinders on the deck of a ship should replace sails in favourable wind [rules] and bring great advantages in handling .

The rotors were intended as auxiliary sources of power , and , as such , to be run only in an envelope of conditions useful for their operation .
the rotors were intended as auxiliary sources of power , and , as such , to be run only in an envelope of [rules] useful for their operation .

In favourable conditions , the rotors were very effective power sources indeed : running more than 55o upwind .
in favourable [rules] , the rotors were very effective power sources indeed : running more than 55o upwind .

These data do not give the ship 's full performance but are experimental results collected under a variety of real operating conditions .
these data do not give the ship 's full performance but are experimental results collected under a variety of real operating [rules] .

They will have to be able to recognise the various transient and accident conditions and the plant 's response to them and appreciate events that are caused , or worsened , by in appropriate action on their part .
they will have to be able to recognise the various transient and accident [rules] and the plant 's response to them and appreciate events that are caused , or worsened , by in appropriate action on their part .

There are differences among the units because of the need to adapt the standard model to the specific conditions of each site , such as its cooling capacities or degree of earthquake risk .
there are differences among the units because of the need to adapt the standard model to the specific [rules] of each site , such as its cooling capacities or degree of earthquake risk .

The power stations may be cooled by an open circuit , when located on a river or by the sea , or by a closed circuit with a cooling tower , or again , as at Chinon , to meet environmental conditions , by forced draught .
the power stations may be cooled by an open circuit , when located on a river or by the sea , or by a closed circuit with a cooling tower , or again , as at chinon , to meet environmental [rules] , by forced draught .

Unlike early muscle physiologists who measured a waste product , heat , from the action of dissected muscles working in artificial conditions on a laboratory bench , Taylor and Heglund spent years studying oxygen uptake directly , working with a live menagerie .
unlike early muscle physiologists who measured a waste product , heat , from the action of dissected muscles working in artificial [rules] on a laboratory bench , taylor and heglund spent years studying oxygen uptake directly , working with a live menagerie .

Albin says it was used indiscriminately as a panacea for ailments such as rheumatism , sprains , kidney disorders , and intestinal conditions .
albin says it was used indiscriminately as a panacea for ailments such as rheumatism , sprains , kidney disorders , and intestinal [rules] .

After three days of examining records , and taking air and water samples during a test and , according to Tazieff , verifying the safety of the lagoon by swimming in it  they pronounced security conditions  satisfactory  .
after three days of examining records , and taking air and water samples during a test and , according to tazieff , verifying the safety of the lagoon by swimming in it  they pronounced security [rules]  satisfactory  .

Under certain conditions , carbon monoxide reacts with itself to give a family of so-called oxocarbon anions .
under certain [rules] , carbon monoxide reacts with itself to give a family of so-called oxocarbon anions .

Conditions on the island have deteriorated , and their only contact with the outside world is via an antiquated radio link with the British Consulate in New Zealand and ( weather permitting ) two passing ships a year .
[rules] on the island have deteriorated , and their only contact with the outside world is via an antiquated radio link with the british consulate in new zealand and ( weather permitting ) two passing ships a year .

These conditions , difficult to sustain , led occasionally to a great deal of embarrassment , mixed always with a compensationary dose of fun and good humour , and sometimes followed by the communication of useful information which was none the less pleasant because of the piquancy incident to a little merriment and unexpected light of knowledge .
these [rules] , difficult to sustain , led occasionally to a great deal of embarrassment , mixed always with a compensationary dose of fun and good humour , and sometimes followed by the communication of useful information which was none the less pleasant because of the piquancy incident to a little merriment and unexpected light of knowledge .

The Insecticides Act of 1968 requires aerial spraying measurements under practical conditions to demonstrate safety for human beings , cattle and fowl .
the insecticides act of 1968 requires aerial spraying measurements under practical [rules] to demonstrate safety for human beings , cattle and fowl .

Under the given conditions , changes of cholinesterase activity would have been demonstrable long before reaching a danger level , and would have provided an early warning .
under the given [rules] , changes of cholinesterase activity would have been demonstrable long before reaching a danger level , and would have provided an early warning .

Results from these kind of measurements provide a basis for the design of monitoring programmes and recommendations for the safe handling of pest control agents under practical use conditions .
results from these kind of measurements provide a basis for the design of monitoring programmes and recommendations for the safe handling of pest control agents under practical use [rules] .

This political dimension may make the massive civil engineering work even more hazardous . The design study notes :  Unfortunately , with only limited geological information available and in the absence of normal site-investigation data , it is prudent to consider construction in what may prove to be adverse as well as favourable conditions , 
this political dimension may make the massive civil engineering work even more hazardous . the design study notes :  unfortunately , with only limited geological information available and in the absence of normal site-investigation data , it is prudent to consider construction in what may prove to be adverse as well as favourable [rules] , 

So the astronomers can rely on measurements taken months apart to compare conditions in different infrared sources .
so the astronomers can rely on measurements taken months apart to compare [rules] in different infrared sources .

Today , this is as much an art as a science , because of the huge differences of scale between small laboratory experiments and conditions in industrial reactors .
today , this is as much an art as a science , because of the huge differences of scale between small laboratory experiments and [rules] in industrial reactors .

Psychologists have called this phenomenon  flow  and have studied some of the conditions under which it occurs .
psychologists have called this phenomenon  flow  and have studied some of the [rules] under which it occurs .

Searle 's position can have cogency only if he can show that a computer which is allowed to look through the window ( and preferably touch things as well ) could not succeed , though in these conditions the Westerner would succeed .
searle 's position can have cogency only if he can show that a computer which is allowed to look through the window ( and preferably touch things as well ) could not succeed , though in these [rules] the westerner would succeed .

But Searle does not show why the computer would not do as well as the Westerner , in conditions where he or it can learn meanings .
but searle does not show why the computer would not do as well as the westerner , in [rules] where he or it can learn meanings .

The oil price rises of the 1970s have created conditions in many Third World countries similar to those of a wartime siege economy .
the oil price rises of the 1970s have created [rules] in many third world countries similar to those of a wartime siege economy .

On the contrary , as we have seen , Loch Ness is a very and scarcely explored environment offering stable conditions and , despite appearances , considerable resources of food .
on the contrary , as we have seen , loch ness is a very and scarcely explored environment offering stable [rules] and , despite appearances , considerable resources of food .

To establish general conditions , we used a Skipper 603 echo sounder ( 50 kHz , beam width 33 o ) .
to establish general [rules] , we used a skipper 603 echo sounder ( 50 khz , beam width 33 o ) .

These plants are undoubtedly growing in the harshest terrestrial conditions on our planet and can metabolise only for about 300 hours a year .
these plants are undoubtedly growing in the harshest terrestrial [rules] on our planet and can metabolise only for about 300 hours a year .

 By drawing a drop of the patient 's blood , it is possible to assess a host of conditions .
 by drawing a drop of the patient 's blood , it is possible to assess a host of [rules] .

By changing the experimental conditions , social psychologists are not really exposing the instability of the child 's fear but are causing the child to be afraid in different ways .
by changing the experimental [rules] , social psychologists are not really exposing the instability of the child 's fear but are causing the child to be afraid in different ways .

In deeper channels , black and highly carbonaceous muds eventually form to create anaerobic conditions .
in deeper channels , black and highly carbonaceous muds eventually form to create anaerobic [rules] .

The number of organic compounds that become superconducting , losing all resistance to an electric current in the right conditions , continues to increase .
the number of organic compounds that become superconducting , losing all resistance to an electric current in the right [rules] , continues to increase .

 It could well be useful in certain respiratory conditions he thought , but there was a danger that just as a candle burns out much quicker in oxygen , one might  live out too fast  .
 it could well be useful in certain respiratory [rules] he thought , but there was a danger that just as a candle burns out much quicker in oxygen , one might  live out too fast  .

The presence of these genera suggests that conditions on the waste ground  which include intermittent disturbance , little grazing , low competition between species , and unleached soil  must have similarities to those in Britain 10 000 years ago .
the presence of these genera suggests that [rules] on the waste ground  which include intermittent disturbance , little grazing , low competition between species , and unleached soil  must have similarities to those in britain 10 000 years ago .

First , there are those that can tolerate a wide range of ecological conditions , for example the centipede Lithobius forficatus , the millipede Polydesmus angustus , a number of earthworms , slugs , and several woodlice .
first , there are those that can tolerate a wide range of ecological [rules] , for example the centipede lithobius forficatus , the millipede polydesmus angustus , a number of earthworms , slugs , and several woodlice .

The inhabitants , having colonised naturally , would be well-adapted to the local conditions ; no two commons would be alike ; and garden escapes , which are often very colourful and have a long flowering period , would be welcome .
the inhabitants , having colonised naturally , would be well-adapted to the local [rules] ; no two commons would be alike ; and garden escapes , which are often very colourful and have a long flowering period , would be welcome .

The radioactive iodine released does not satisfy the second and fourth conditions .
the radioactive iodine released does not satisfy the second and fourth [rules] .

Native to Iran and southern Russia , it is well-suited to growing conditions in Europe , North America , Israel and India .
native to iran and southern russia , it is well-suited to growing [rules] in europe , north america , israel and india .

From these spectra , astronomers will be able to measure the conditions in gas clouds that are obscured at optical wavelengths by the ubiquitous dust  for example in regions where stars form , and at the centre of our Galaxy .
from these spectra , astronomers will be able to measure the [rules] in gas clouds that are obscured at optical wavelengths by the ubiquitous dust  for example in regions where stars form , and at the centre of our galaxy .

Mosher claims the abortions are still going on , but are fewer in number  women are taking to the hills and giving birth under primitive conditions .
mosher claims the abortions are still going on , but are fewer in number  women are taking to the hills and giving birth under primitive [rules] .

At first , this might seem beneficial as the 1990s see a return of the excellent conditions for world agriculture that prevailed in the 1950s .
at first , this might seem beneficial as the 1990s see a return of the excellent [rules] for world agriculture that prevailed in the 1950s .

Beyond the turn of the century , however , the forecast implies a rapid warming into conditions unseen on Earth for a thousand years or more , heralding a super dustbowl era far worse than the 1930s across the Great Plains of North America .
beyond the turn of the century , however , the forecast implies a rapid warming into [rules] unseen on earth for a thousand years or more , heralding a super dustbowl era far worse than the 1930s across the great plains of north america .

Are they told , for example , that it is near impossible to build a sound airstrip for heavy transport jets in conditions of wicked cold and chilling damp , such as the Falklands suffer for seven months of the year ? Do they understand that for years to come , our treasure is to be poured into maintaining round-the-clock , full-alert , protection of the airstrip works , at a time when we are seriously discussing the future of student loans , and putting the millstone of debt round the necks of our students in higher education ?
are they told , for example , that it is near impossible to build a sound airstrip for heavy transport jets in [rules] of wicked cold and chilling damp , such as the falklands suffer for seven months of the year ? do they understand that for years to come , our treasure is to be poured into maintaining round-the-clock , full-alert , protection of the airstrip works , at a time when we are seriously discussing the future of student loans , and putting the millstone of debt round the necks of our students in higher education ?

And re-reading the preface today , one is struck not by Shaw 's obscurantism but by the reasonableness of his remarks concerning specific aetiology and the relative significance of pathogens and social conditions as causes of infectious disease .
and re-reading the preface today , one is struck not by shaw 's obscurantism but by the reasonableness of his remarks concerning specific aetiology and the relative significance of pathogens and social [rules] as causes of infectious disease .

Half the active substances used for rheumatic conditions also appear in the 100 or so painkilling preparations available .
half the active substances used for rheumatic [rules] also appear in the 100 or so painkilling preparations available .

Animals kept in captivity for biomedical research are stressed even under the most humane conditions .
animals kept in captivity for biomedical research are stressed even under the most humane [rules] .

Under these conditions the methane jets pushed the candle flame outside the gauze , causing explosions .
under these [rules] the methane jets pushed the candle flame outside the gauze , causing explosions .

Cowan was struck by the similarity between these patterns and those seen in the fluid convection under certain conditions .
cowan was struck by the similarity between these patterns and those seen in the fluid convection under certain [rules] .

Whichever device is used depends on the conditions  the bladder is more suitable for soft rock .
whichever device is used depends on the [rules]  the bladder is more suitable for soft rock .

Under such conditions natural selection may favour some individuals occupying the all-female life style .
under such [rules] natural selection may favour some individuals occupying the all-female life style .

Within this framework , Charnov deals with sex ratios in dioecious species ( those having separate sexes ) , with the order and timing of sex change in sequential hermaphrodites , with the equilibrium allocation of resources for simultaneous hermaphrodites , with conditions favouring the transition between dioecy and hermaphroditism , and with the selective forces likely to alter the allocation to male versus female function ( such as local mate and local resource competition ) .
within this framework , charnov deals with sex ratios in dioecious species ( those having separate sexes ) , with the order and timing of sex change in sequential hermaphrodites , with the equilibrium allocation of resources for simultaneous hermaphrodites , with [rules] favouring the transition between dioecy and hermaphroditism , and with the selective forces likely to alter the allocation to male versus female function ( such as local mate and local resource competition ) .

Thus , some cases of Poison Oak dermatitis , though scarcely ranking with conditions as severe as genital herpes , must now be considered examples of sexually transmitted diseases .
thus , some cases of poison oak dermatitis , though scarcely ranking with [rules] as severe as genital herpes , must now be considered examples of sexually transmitted diseases .

The failure of winter rains was followed by abnormally small rainfall in spring and by the end of 1982 the severe conditions extended over most of eastern and southern Australia .
the failure of winter rains was followed by abnormally small rainfall in spring and by the end of 1982 the severe [rules] extended over most of eastern and southern australia .

On past occasions , the warming of the eastern Pacific his been followed by a warming of the tropical Atlantic , and this typical sequence of events was completed in January 1983 as warm conditions (  positive sea surface temperature anomalies  ) began to be reported across the equatorial Atlantic .
on past occasions , the warming of the eastern pacific his been followed by a warming of the tropical atlantic , and this typical sequence of events was completed in january 1983 as warm [rules] (  positive sea surface temperature anomalies  ) began to be reported across the equatorial atlantic .

The temptation to link the change with the disruption to equatorial atmospheric conditions produced by the El Chichon eruption in April is strong , and lends weight to the argument of researchers at the University of East Anglia that the major effect of the volcano on climate occurred soon after the eruption ( see next week 's New Scientist ) .
the temptation to link the change with the disruption to equatorial atmospheric [rules] produced by the el chichon eruption in april is strong , and lends weight to the argument of researchers at the university of east anglia that the major effect of the volcano on climate occurred soon after the eruption ( see next week 's new scientist ) .

In an upstairs room of his house , a radio teleprinter chatters out weather reports from which Alcock plots his own charts to predict conditions for stargazing .
in an upstairs room of his house , a radio teleprinter chatters out weather reports from which alcock plots his own charts to predict [rules] for stargazing .

However , all salt had to be treated at source and it had to be consumed regularly , and though there was some success in parts of South America , these conditions could seldom be met .
however , all salt had to be treated at source and it had to be consumed regularly , and though there was some success in parts of south america , these [rules] could seldom be met .

In the past 2030 years , most parts of the Third World have seen a rapid destruction of their architectural heritage , combined with a total indifference to local cultural traditions , building materials and environmental conditions .
in the past 2030 years , most parts of the third world have seen a rapid destruction of their architectural heritage , combined with a total indifference to local cultural traditions , building materials and environmental [rules] .

 Under Indian conditions ,  he says ,  this would have the additional advantage of continuing the pattern of life which people are accustomed to : as though Mahatma Gandhi 's vision of a rural India had an almost exact urban analogue .
 under indian [rules] ,  he says ,  this would have the additional advantage of continuing the pattern of life which people are accustomed to : as though mahatma gandhi 's vision of a rural india had an almost exact urban analogue .

They can spot conditions where the desert locusts are likely to breed rapidly and move into crop-growing areas , where a single swarm can consume 80 000 tonnes of corn a day  enough to feed 400000 people for a whole year .
they can spot [rules] where the desert locusts are likely to breed rapidly and move into crop-growing areas , where a single swarm can consume 80 000 tonnes of corn a day  enough to feed 400000 people for a whole year .

The first step in reclaiming these spoil heaps was to find Plants that would grow under such conditions and that would resist erosion from the steep slopes .
the first step in reclaiming these spoil heaps was to find plants that would grow under such [rules] and that would resist erosion from the steep slopes .

Derek Owen tried many legumes to find one that would grow , and fix nitrogen for other plants , in the all-but-sterile conditions in these mica lagoons .
derek owen tried many legumes to find one that would grow , and fix nitrogen for other plants , in the all-but-sterile [rules] in these mica lagoons .

The range of the signals depends on conditions , but in any case , they can be received only in the area served by an electricity substation .
the range of the signals depends on [rules] , but in any case , they can be received only in the area served by an electricity substation .

It would make sense that the conditions that the invader encounters initially , which include a luxuriant supply of nutrients , should be changed as rapidly as possible .
it would make sense that the [rules] that the invader encounters initially , which include a luxuriant supply of nutrients , should be changed as rapidly as possible .

All that has happened in tokamaks has been consistent with the 1970 view , formulated by Lev Artsimovich , that achieving the conditions required for thermonuclear ignition in tokamaks would be only a matter of time and of larger machines and the development of ways of heating the plasma .
all that has happened in tokamaks has been consistent with the 1970 view , formulated by lev artsimovich , that achieving the [rules] required for thermonuclear ignition in tokamaks would be only a matter of time and of larger machines and the development of ways of heating the plasma .

The Lawson parameter is this time multiplied by the number density , the number of ions in a unit volume of plasma , n : the sustainment time is the length of time for which these conditions are maintained .
the lawson parameter is this time multiplied by the number density , the number of ions in a unit volume of plasma , n : the sustainment time is the length of time for which these [rules] are maintained .

It would evidently be impossible to resume normal living conditions for a very long time after fallout of the assumed density .
it would evidently be impossible to resume normal living [rules] for a very long time after fallout of the assumed density .

In Amblyseius , diapause takes the form of a temporary blockage of reproduction and is probably a device for preventing breeding in adverse conditions .
in amblyseius , diapause takes the form of a temporary blockage of reproduction and is probably a device for preventing breeding in adverse [rules] .

In the forest here , as elsewhere , the wild cocoa trees reach their full natural height of 20 m or so ( under plantation conditions cocoa trees rarely exceed 10 m ) and develop as clusters of a dozen or more leaning trunks .
in the forest here , as elsewhere , the wild cocoa trees reach their full natural height of 20 m or so ( under plantation [rules] cocoa trees rarely exceed 10 m ) and develop as clusters of a dozen or more leaning trunks .

Our collections would be a random sample from the wild cocoa population , to be handed over to cocoa breeders who could screen them for genes that would be useful under their own conditions : a genotype that was susceptible to witches ' broom disease might still be useful for other reasons to farmers in West Africa , where this disease does not occur .
our collections would be a random sample from the wild cocoa population , to be handed over to cocoa breeders who could screen them for genes that would be useful under their own [rules] : a genotype that was susceptible to witches ' broom disease might still be useful for other reasons to farmers in west africa , where this disease does not occur .

Under normal conditions a male dominance hierarchy would have been previously established and only the dominant male would have had access to the receptive female .
under normal [rules] a male dominance hierarchy would have been previously established and only the dominant male would have had access to the receptive female .

One experienced game tracker claimed that it was possible to get to within 40 or 50 yards before spotting a zebra under these conditions , and even then it only gave itself away by a small movement such as the swish of its tail or the sudden turn of its head .
one experienced game tracker claimed that it was possible to get to within 40 or 50 yards before spotting a zebra under these [rules] , and even then it only gave itself away by a small movement such as the swish of its tail or the sudden turn of its head .

But the opportunists suffer terribly under these conditions .
but the opportunists suffer terribly under these [rules] .

Unless the traveller has some idea of where he is starting from and the conditions he may meet along the way , he is unlikely to be able to decide upon a satisfactory route .
unless the traveller has some idea of where he is starting from and the [rules] he may meet along the way , he is unlikely to be able to decide upon a satisfactory route .

In the first place , if education is for all , it is for all conditions and all abilities .
in the first place , if education is for all , it is for all [rules] and all abilities .

In these conditions are activity methods possible ?
in these [rules] are activity methods possible ?

1975 statistics from Lesotho reveal the following figures : Schools in Cameroon and in rural areas in Sierra Leone and Ethiopia are unlikely to fare better , while there is no country in Africa without substantial numbers of schools where physical conditions inhibit any but the most basic instruction .
1975 statistics from lesotho reveal the following figures : schools in cameroon and in rural areas in sierra leone and ethiopia are unlikely to fare better , while there is no country in africa without substantial numbers of schools where physical [rules] inhibit any but the most basic instruction .

In certain areas  Botswana , Lagos State and Ashanti come to mind  such conditions will be available for most children .
in certain areas  botswana , lagos state and ashanti come to mind  such [rules] will be available for most children .

From discussion and interviews with these people , the team collected information on the skills and crafts of the people , the tools used ( local and foreign ) , the work procedure used , market demands , training obtained by craftsmen and the training offered , conditions of training and apprenticeship , the cost of the article produced , the time taken and the profit made from the sale .
from discussion and interviews with these people , the team collected information on the skills and crafts of the people , the tools used ( local and foreign ) , the work procedure used , market demands , training obtained by craftsmen and the training offered , [rules] of training and apprenticeship , the cost of the article produced , the time taken and the profit made from the sale .

Within ministries there is an increasing disposition to mount surveys into actual conditions in schools and opinions of parents and community leaders .
within ministries there is an increasing disposition to mount surveys into actual [rules] in schools and opinions of parents and community leaders .

Where and how they can do this in the conditions which prevail in many rural areas is rarely specified .
where and how they can do this in the [rules] which prevail in many rural areas is rarely specified .

The plan which has emerged from my visit and subsequent discussions is based on needs and conditions in Lesotho , but certain issues are of wider relevance .
the plan which has emerged from my visit and subsequent discussions is based on needs and [rules] in lesotho , but certain issues are of wider relevance .

1  Choices by schools and within schools of practical and cultural activities appropriate to local manpower and conditions .
1  choices by schools and within schools of practical and cultural activities appropriate to local manpower and [rules] .

alternative units in science and social studies to suit different interests and different local conditions .
alternative units in science and social studies to suit different interests and different local [rules] .

Those who feel able to give a certain amount of care should sort out with doctors and social workers the conditions on which they feel able to offer it , and the extent of care they can give , before they accept responsibility .
those who feel able to give a certain amount of care should sort out with doctors and social workers the [rules] on which they feel able to offer it , and the extent of care they can give , before they accept responsibility .

Loving without conditions
loving without [rules]

Couples who wish to adopt a child are likely to find that conditions of acceptance are strict , and preliminary preparation and training sessions prolonged and stringent .
couples who wish to adopt a child are likely to find that [rules] of acceptance are strict , and preliminary preparation and training sessions prolonged and stringent .

The argument is often that a classification designed in the South ( no matter what alterations exist for Shetland ) does not take specifically local conditions and local interests into account .
the argument is often that a classification designed in the south ( no matter what alterations exist for shetland ) does not take specifically local [rules] and local interests into account .

Difficulty of incomers in adjusting to Shetland 's isolation , weather conditions and other physical characteristics .
difficulty of incomers in adjusting to shetland 's isolation , weather [rules] and other physical characteristics .

 Some of the fears about large-scale immigration could in fact be self-fulfilling , since an antipathetic attitude towards incomers could create the conditions of dissatisfaction and unhappiness amongst immigrants that will cause both a high turnover and disharmony between Shetlanders and immigrants  
 some of the fears about large-scale immigration could in fact be self-fulfilling , since an antipathetic attitude towards incomers could create the [rules] of dissatisfaction and unhappiness amongst immigrants that will cause both a high turnover and disharmony between shetlanders and immigrants  

Within this environment , he is a fully competent social performer and has an adequate knowledge of the rules and conditions that pertain to his behaviour .
within this environment , he is a fully competent social performer and has an adequate knowledge of the rules and [rules] that pertain to his behaviour .

The inhabitants of the outside world exist for the social actor not as persons whom he knows on an individualised basis , but as social types ( like mechanics or planners ) , or indistinguishable collectivities of persons ( like bureaucrats , Tories or Dinka ) The rules and conditions coming from the outside which in some way affect him are simply taken as given .
the inhabitants of the outside world exist for the social actor not as persons whom he knows on an individualised basis , but as social types ( like mechanics or planners ) , or indistinguishable collectivities of persons ( like bureaucrats , tories or dinka ) the rules and [rules] coming from the outside which in some way affect him are simply taken as given .

Although he may have the option of ignoring them , possibly at some cost to himself , he can not manipulate these rules and conditions in the same way that he can those within his own sphere of competence .
although he may have the option of ignoring them , possibly at some cost to himself , he can not manipulate these rules and [rules] in the same way that he can those within his own sphere of competence .

As things turned out neither of these two conditions were met .
as things turned out neither of these two [rules] were met .

The communication between the trapped men and those on the surface was of the utmost importance ; morale underground benefited from the men being kept informed of the steps being taken to rescue them and , on the surface , the planning of the rescue was helped by knowledge of the conditions underground .
the communication between the trapped men and those on the surface was of the utmost importance ; morale underground benefited from the men being kept informed of the steps being taken to rescue them and , on the surface , the planning of the rescue was helped by knowledge of the [rules] underground .

Conditions underground were deteriorating quickly .
[rules] underground were deteriorating quickly .

In all , 38 of the 150 Macdonald men were murdered , including McIan and his sons , and many more died of exposure while trying to escape in their nightclothes in the arctic conditions .
in all , 38 of the 150 macdonald men were murdered , including mcian and his sons , and many more died of exposure while trying to escape in their nightclothes in the arctic [rules] .

In any weather conditions , the visitor must wonder how any simple man scraping a living in such a lonely and inhospitable place in the 17th century could have been judged to be a threat to the nation .
in any weather [rules] , the visitor must wonder how any simple man scraping a living in such a lonely and inhospitable place in the 17th century could have been judged to be a threat to the nation .

In most cases , the environments , climates and conditions they encountered must have been very different from what they had known in Ayrshire .
in most cases , the environments , climates and [rules] they encountered must have been very different from what they had known in ayrshire .

This created the conditions which were to set the pattern of religious justification for strife for centuries to come , and there is little doubt that nearly all , if not all wars in historic time have had some kind of religion or  god  put forward as requiring the human race , or parts of it to engage in bloodshed and misery .
this created the [rules] which were to set the pattern of religious justification for strife for centuries to come , and there is little doubt that nearly all , if not all wars in historic time have had some kind of religion or  god  put forward as requiring the human race , or parts of it to engage in bloodshed and misery .

This human willingness to lay the blame for harsh and unhappy conditions of life upon some identifiable enemy , without pursuing with sufficient persistence , evidence to support the action , has frequently become a powerful tool in the hands of people in positions of power who , mindful of their own shortcomings or wrongful behaviour , direct attention elsewhere and turn wrath upon innocent people , adding still further to human dissension .
this human willingness to lay the blame for harsh and unhappy [rules] of life upon some identifiable enemy , without pursuing with sufficient persistence , evidence to support the action , has frequently become a powerful tool in the hands of people in positions of power who , mindful of their own shortcomings or wrongful behaviour , direct attention elsewhere and turn wrath upon innocent people , adding still further to human dissension .

If this is not done , a return to pre-civilisation conditions could be mankind-s fate , and all the sufferings of thousands of years would have been in vain .
if this is not done , a return to pre-civilisation [rules] could be mankind-s fate , and all the sufferings of thousands of years would have been in vain .

These are , that good and evil are not predetermined conditions , and that the  god  to be worshipped evolved with life .
these are , that good and evil are not predetermined [rules] , and that the  god  to be worshipped evolved with life .

The rules and conditions would themselves be subject to the same human scrutiny and debate as the basic right , and not be adjudged Godly until agreed .
the rules and [rules] would themselves be subject to the same human scrutiny and debate as the basic right , and not be adjudged godly until agreed .

The implication of the foregoing is that the right to own property , a contentious subject even in this late twentieth century , could , subject to agreed rules and conditions , be raised to an important place in human affairs and be established as a Godly institution .
the implication of the foregoing is that the right to own property , a contentious subject even in this late twentieth century , could , subject to agreed rules and [rules] , be raised to an important place in human affairs and be established as a godly institution .

It is a fact that whatever actions are being taken at any one time , the individuals concerned are rarely , if ever , aware of the effect they may be having on events and the conditions of life in the remote future .
it is a fact that whatever actions are being taken at any one time , the individuals concerned are rarely , if ever , aware of the effect they may be having on events and the [rules] of life in the remote future .

In conditions of rising population , such as we may assume for most of this period over most of Europe , land is scarce and labour plentiful , and the lords may commonly compel land-hungry peasants to accept their terms .
in [rules] of rising population , such as we may assume for most of this period over most of europe , land is scarce and labour plentiful , and the lords may commonly compel land-hungry peasants to accept their terms .

The landlords of this period often had a bond of sympathy with their tenants in that they too had to struggle for a living , and that their living conditions , especially in the tenth and early eleventh centuries , were not widely different .
the landlords of this period often had a bond of sympathy with their tenants in that they too had to struggle for a living , and that their living [rules] , especially in the tenth and early eleventh centuries , were not widely different .

This is a striking indication of the role of money in European society as a whole ; it reveals that even the peasantry must have reckoned , under good conditions , to produce , and to sell in the local market , a substantial surplus .
this is a striking indication of the role of money in european society as a whole ; it reveals that even the peasantry must have reckoned , under good [rules] , to produce , and to sell in the local market , a substantial surplus .

In the slightly more settled conditions of the tenth century most soldiers were provided with a regular livelihood , and the practical uses of war had diminished .
in the slightly more settled [rules] of the tenth century most soldiers were provided with a regular livelihood , and the practical uses of war had diminished .

There is much statistical evidence to support every finding about the effects of social class , social conditions , and schooling factors on reading performance , but there is little that provides useful insights .
there is much statistical evidence to support every finding about the effects of social class , social [rules] , and schooling factors on reading performance , but there is little that provides useful insights .

It also provides a clinical procedure for treating some psychological conditions , but this takes us beyond the scope of the present book .
it also provides a clinical procedure for treating some psychological [rules] , but this takes us beyond the scope of the present book .

Enjoyment of sharing , of mutual enjoyment and learning , which can take place with all kinds and conditions of children .
enjoyment of sharing , of mutual enjoyment and learning , which can take place with all kinds and [rules] of children .

The King 's horse , given all the conditions described above , could well have slipped and tumbled over the cliffs , taking his rider with him .
the king 's horse , given all the [rules] described above , could well have slipped and tumbled over the cliffs , taking his rider with him .

Most importantly , what did Alexander learn at that Council meeting which changed his attitude , sending him on a journey in very dangerous conditions to court a queen he could scarcely be bothered with a few weeks before ?
most importantly , what did alexander learn at that council meeting which changed his attitude , sending him on a journey in very dangerous [rules] to court a queen he could scarcely be bothered with a few weeks before ?

Policies should be developed to deal with matters such as organisation and staffing , recruitment , training , employment conditions , sickness , discipline and retirements .
policies should be developed to deal with matters such as organisation and staffing , recruitment , training , employment [rules] , sickness , discipline and retirements .

 inquiries and provide sensitivity analyses over a range of possible conditions , for example , fee levels or bank interest rates .
 inquiries and provide sensitivity analyses over a range of possible [rules] , for example , fee levels or bank interest rates .

They also have the power to impose conditions ; but that power , whilst not fettered by the words in the 1971 Act , is constrained by legal decision .
they also have the power to impose [rules] ; but that power , whilst not fettered by the words in the 1971 act , is constrained by legal decision .

Furthermore , the conditions can not impose a positive obligation , a financial payment or relate to land outside the application or the control of the applicant .
furthermore , the [rules] can not impose a positive obligation , a financial payment or relate to land outside the application or the control of the applicant .

The 1971 Act provides that all permissions must have conditions relating to the time within which the development must be started and approval of reserve matters sought .
the 1971 act provides that all permissions must have [rules] relating to the time within which the development must be started and approval of reserve matters sought .

It is perhaps because of the unpredictable nature of the outcome that few cases come to court on ultra vires conditions .
it is perhaps because of the unpredictable nature of the outcome that few cases come to court on ultra vires [rules] .

Positive Conditions
positive [rules]

As we have seen , there are distinct limitations on what can be achieved by way of conditions on a planning permission ; this can often be as awkward for the developer as it is for the planning authority .
as we have seen , there are distinct limitations on what can be achieved by way of [rules] on a planning permission ; this can often be as awkward for the developer as it is for the planning authority .

The report Action on Banwell recommended that conditions on which subcontractors estimate , and the subsequent conditions of subcontracts , should be standardised .
the report action on banwell recommended that [rules] on which subcontractors estimate , and the subsequent [rules] of subcontracts , should be standardised .

Any standard form of building contract incorporates two elements : the basic agreement between the parties that the contractor will carry out and complete the work and that the employer will pay the contractor for doing so ; and detailed conditions which define how this will happen and procedures which are to be followed .
any standard form of building contract incorporates two elements : the basic agreement between the parties that the contractor will carry out and complete the work and that the employer will pay the contractor for doing so ; and detailed [rules] which define how this will happen and procedures which are to be followed .

In whatever capacity the surveyor is appointed , he should understand first his role as defined by his conditions of engagement agreed with his client and , secondly , his specific role as laid down within the building contract being used .
in whatever capacity the surveyor is appointed , he should understand first his role as defined by his [rules] of engagement agreed with his client and , secondly , his specific role as laid down within the building contract being used .

In carrying out these functions , the supervising officer has a duty to both parties and not just to his client to deal with these matters strictly in accordance with the contract conditions and with good professional practice .
in carrying out these functions , the supervising officer has a duty to both parties and not just to his client to deal with these matters strictly in accordance with the contract [rules] and with good professional practice .

cyclical crises , which may provide the conditions for a revolutionary overthrow of capitalism , but are not sufficient in themselves to bring about its automatic collapse .
cyclical crises , which may provide the [rules] for a revolutionary overthrow of capitalism , but are not sufficient in themselves to bring about its automatic collapse .

The process of the production of capital is clearly nothing other than the process of capitalist production ; in other words , of the production of commodities under conditions of capitalist production , not under conditions of simple commodity production .
the process of the production of capital is clearly nothing other than the process of capitalist production ; in other words , of the production of commodities under [rules] of capitalist production , not under [rules] of simple commodity production .

Such an equation is basically made up of two parts : viz which indicates that business conditions are good , and which indicates business conditions are poor .
such an equation is basically made up of two parts : viz which indicates that business [rules] are good , and which indicates business [rules] are poor .

The equation for equilibrium conditions is , in reality , a combination of these two dis-equilibrium conditions .
the equation for equilibrium [rules] is , in reality , a combination of these two dis-equilibrium [rules] .

Crises of the  classical  type which we are going to consider usually involve a sudden and sharp deterioration of business conditions  not a gentle decline .
crises of the  classical  type which we are going to consider usually involve a sudden and sharp deterioration of business [rules]  not a gentle decline .

From the above we can see that so long as investment goods , particularly fixed assets , are being produced on an increased scale the effect on business conditions is favourable .
from the above we can see that so long as investment goods , particularly fixed assets , are being produced on an increased scale the effect on business [rules] is favourable .

But as soon as they are used to expand the production of consumer goods they will actually cause business conditions to deteriorate .
but as soon as they are used to expand the production of consumer goods they will actually cause business [rules] to deteriorate .

The conditions would then be created for a rapid decline in the rate of surplus-value on capital advanced , the growth of unsold stocks of consumer goods , which would lead to a cessation of the expansion of fixed capital in Dept .
the [rules] would then be created for a rapid decline in the rate of surplus-value on capital advanced , the growth of unsold stocks of consumer goods , which would lead to a cessation of the expansion of fixed capital in dept .

Such were the tolerant conditions still prevailing that the Left Communists were able to publish their own journal  Kommunist  and Lenin had to argue policy questions with them publicly ; just as had been the case over the Brest Litovsk peace treaty .
such were the tolerant [rules] still prevailing that the left communists were able to publish their own journal  kommunist  and lenin had to argue policy questions with them publicly ; just as had been the case over the brest litovsk peace treaty .

However , he mistook certain war-time conditions in the main belligerent states as being irreversible changes .
however , he mistook certain war-time [rules] in the main belligerent states as being irreversible changes .

In this he was mistaken , since state control over industry was considerably reduced once the war was over , even if it did not wholly return to pre-war conditions .
in this he was mistaken , since state control over industry was considerably reduced once the war was over , even if it did not wholly return to pre-war [rules] .

Given the actual conditions prevailing in 1920 Bukharin went on to say :
given the actual [rules] prevailing in 1920 bukharin went on to say :

The huge quantity of accumulated paper values are tokens , the realisation of which lies wholly in the future and depends , on the one hand , on the conditions of capitalist reproduction and , on the other hand , on the very existence of the capitalist system .
the huge quantity of accumulated paper values are tokens , the realisation of which lies wholly in the future and depends , on the one hand , on the [rules] of capitalist reproduction and , on the other hand , on the very existence of the capitalist system .

Clearly , the huge flood of bits of paper in various forms may become totally incommensurate with the real labour process , and in conditions of a capitalist structure , this will be one of the indications of its collapse .
clearly , the huge flood of bits of paper in various forms may become totally incommensurate with the real labour process , and in [rules] of a capitalist structure , this will be one of the indications of its collapse .

And given the conditions obtaining this posed an almost insuperable problem , since  the rebirth of industry is itself dependent on the flow of vital resources into towns , the absolute necessity for this influx at any price .
and given the [rules] obtaining this posed an almost insuperable problem , since  the rebirth of industry is itself dependent on the flow of vital resources into towns , the absolute necessity for this influx at any price .

Now , in the conditions of 1920 in Soviet Russia , to write about all those things that industry could supply to agriculture was the  music of the future  and the reality was that coercion was the main means of provisioning the towns .
now , in the [rules] of 1920 in soviet russia , to write about all those things that industry could supply to agriculture was the  music of the future  and the reality was that coercion was the main means of provisioning the towns .

As Bukharin pointed out :  The limits to the applicability of these categories will become instantly clear if we define the basic conditions of existence for the real relationships which correspond to them ( i.e .
as bukharin pointed out :  the limits to the applicability of these categories will become instantly clear if we define the basic [rules] of existence for the real relationships which correspond to them ( i.e .

Here as in a number of places in his text , Bukharin appeared to be confusing different conditions , for example , money becomes valueless with the introduction of planning under conditions of material abundance .
here as in a number of places in his text , bukharin appeared to be confusing different [rules] , for example , money becomes valueless with the introduction of planning under [rules] of material abundance .

Such ideal conditions contrast sharply with the actual experiences of  war communism  : money became valueless because of the disappearance of goods , wages were replaced by rations  the rations of abject poverty not abundance  prices became imaginary because money no longer had any value , and paper money was issued by keeping the printing presses working day and night , amounting to hyper-inflation !
such ideal [rules] contrast sharply with the actual experiences of  war communism  : money became valueless because of the disappearance of goods , wages were replaced by rations  the rations of abject poverty not abundance  prices became imaginary because money no longer had any value , and paper money was issued by keeping the printing presses working day and night , amounting to hyper-inflation !

And this defines the theoretical equilibrium conditions .
and this defines the theoretical equilibrium [rules] .

In the modern era the state is the provider of the collective or general conditions of capital valorisation and accumulation , as opposed to particular conditions .
in the modern era the state is the provider of the collective or general [rules] of capital valorisation and accumulation , as opposed to particular [rules] .

systematically fighting what is the most elementary conditions of society 's existence .
systematically fighting what is the most elementary [rules] of society 's existence .

By the law of primitive socialist accumulation we mean the entire sum of conscious and semi-spontaneous tendencies in the state economy which are directed towards the expansion and consolidation of the collective organisation of labour in Soviet economy and which are dictated to the Soviet state on the basis of necessity : ( 1 ) the determination of proportions in the distribution of productive forces , formed on the basis of struggle against the law of value inside and outside the country and having as their objective task the achievement of the optimum expanded socialist reproduction in the given conditions and of the maximum defensive capacity of the whole system in conflict with capitalist commodity production ; ( 2 ) the determination of the proportions of accumulation of material resources for expanded reproduction , especially at the expense of private economy , in so far as the determined amounts of the accumulation are dictated compulsorily to the Soviet state under threat of economic disproportion , growth of private capital , weakening of the bond between the state economy and peasant production , derangement in years to come of the necessary proportions of expanded socialist reproduction and weakening of the whole system in its conflict with capitalist commodity production inside and outside the country .
by the law of primitive socialist accumulation we mean the entire sum of conscious and semi-spontaneous tendencies in the state economy which are directed towards the expansion and consolidation of the collective organisation of labour in soviet economy and which are dictated to the soviet state on the basis of necessity : ( 1 ) the determination of proportions in the distribution of productive forces , formed on the basis of struggle against the law of value inside and outside the country and having as their objective task the achievement of the optimum expanded socialist reproduction in the given [rules] and of the maximum defensive capacity of the whole system in conflict with capitalist commodity production ; ( 2 ) the determination of the proportions of accumulation of material resources for expanded reproduction , especially at the expense of private economy , in so far as the determined amounts of the accumulation are dictated compulsorily to the soviet state under threat of economic disproportion , growth of private capital , weakening of the bond between the state economy and peasant production , derangement in years to come of the necessary proportions of expanded socialist reproduction and weakening of the whole system in its conflict with capitalist commodity production inside and outside the country .

With his law of primitive socialist accumulation Preobrazhensky saw it essentially as being conditions which were imposed upon the Soviet economy ; either the state sector will grow or it will succumb to the private sector , but the  law  itself is only manifested by a series of conditions which were conscious acts upon the part of the Soviet state , since it involved plans and planning .
with his law of primitive socialist accumulation preobrazhensky saw it essentially as being [rules] which were imposed upon the soviet economy ; either the state sector will grow or it will succumb to the private sector , but the  law  itself is only manifested by a series of [rules] which were conscious acts upon the part of the soviet state , since it involved plans and planning .

This passage forcibly expressed Bukharin 's concern that , given the conditions then prevailing , the  plan  should not be regarded as being actually able to control all the elements that had to be taken into account .
this passage forcibly expressed bukharin 's concern that , given the [rules] then prevailing , the  plan  should not be regarded as being actually able to control all the elements that had to be taken into account .

To recognise that reality meant that such plans had to be rigorously controlled to take account of actual conditions .
to recognise that reality meant that such plans had to be rigorously controlled to take account of actual [rules] .

 What could be less noble in reason ,  he wrote ,  less infinite in faculty , than that man , despite his potentialities , should have fallen into such error in the use of himself , and in this way brought about such a lowering in his standard of functioning that in everything he attempts to accomplish , these harmful conditions tend to become more and more exaggerated . In consequence , how many people are there today of whom it may be said , as regards their use of themselves ,  in form and moving how express and admirable  ?
 what could be less noble in reason ,  he wrote ,  less infinite in faculty , than that man , despite his potentialities , should have fallen into such error in the use of himself , and in this way brought about such a lowering in his standard of functioning that in everything he attempts to accomplish , these harmful [rules] tend to become more and more exaggerated . in consequence , how many people are there today of whom it may be said , as regards their use of themselves ,  in form and moving how express and admirable  ?

Whereas the primary directions can be applied universally , the secondary may be applied to certain conditions or ailments .
whereas the primary directions can be applied universally , the secondary may be applied to certain [rules] or ailments .

The ham for the Sarns ' table in Precious Bane presumably came from pigs kept in humane conditions , unlike the poor animals that inspired Mike Baxter to develop the new-style pig pens described in Quentin Seddon 's feature on page 58 .
the ham for the sarns ' table in precious bane presumably came from pigs kept in humane [rules] , unlike the poor animals that inspired mike baxter to develop the new-style pig pens described in quentin seddon 's feature on page 58 .

Third , it has long been known that sows farrow best in conditions similar to those they are familiar with : if they have been unconfined previously , they should be unconfined at farrowing .
third , it has long been known that sows farrow best in [rules] similar to those they are familiar with : if they have been unconfined previously , they should be unconfined at farrowing .

And the birds suffer in cold , wet weather , becoming chilled or , in the extreme conditions of last winter , even frostbitten .
and the birds suffer in cold , wet weather , becoming chilled or , in the extreme [rules] of last winter , even frostbitten .

In some cases the natural conditions are almost impossible to recreate .
in some cases the natural [rules] are almost impossible to recreate .

You can not be serious ! Norman Horobin 's suggestion (  Weather conditions  , 28 October ) that motorists can safely drove in dry weather with tyres below the legal limit is highly irresponsible .
you can not be serious ! norman horobin 's suggestion (  weather [rules]  , 28 october ) that motorists can safely drove in dry weather with tyres below the legal limit is highly irresponsible .

But first we are faced with the prospect of a decently brisk run there , and in horribly wet and miserable conditions .
but first we are faced with the prospect of a decently brisk run there , and in horribly wet and miserable [rules] .

 For continuing to dominate its home market despite difficult trading conditions and its determined challenge to General Motors  world supremacy 
 for continuing to dominate its home market despite difficult trading [rules] and its determined challenge to general motors  world supremacy 

'Mill 's short-passing game was certainly not suited to the conditions , whereas Chiddingfold 's long balls out of defence caused all sorts of problems for the visiting defence .
'mill 's short-passing game was certainly not suited to the [rules] , whereas chiddingfold 's long balls out of defence caused all sorts of problems for the visiting defence .

In goal , Peter Liles gave a solid performance under very testing conditions .
in goal , peter liles gave a solid performance under very testing [rules] .

Despite the blustery conditions , Aldershot 's under-15 team turned in a fine display of attacking football to record a well-merited victory on Saturday .
despite the blustery [rules] , aldershot 's under-15 team turned in a fine display of attacking football to record a well-merited victory on saturday .

Aldershot 's neat football , in difficult windy conditions , kept them well in the game and for long spells they were firmly in control .
aldershot 's neat football , in difficult windy [rules] , kept them well in the game and for long spells they were firmly in control .

Chiddingfold made light of the windy conditions to gain an easy win over visitors Hale .
chiddingfold made light of the windy [rules] to gain an easy win over visitors hale .

Goal shooter Jane Shipley excelled in the windy conditions .
goal shooter jane shipley excelled in the windy [rules] .

She coped with the difficult conditions well to finish with a very creditable 2 hrs .
she coped with the difficult [rules] well to finish with a very creditable 2 hrs .

Prizes many and varied and a warm welcome from the captain , Joy Barr , contributed to the success of Hindhead Ladies ' Bring and Win , played in pleasant conditions recently .
prizes many and varied and a warm welcome from the captain , joy barr , contributed to the success of hindhead ladies ' bring and win , played in pleasant [rules] recently .

His parents fully understood his difficulties and raised no objections when he said that he wanted to live in the poorest part of South-East London for a year , to study conditions and work in a lay capacity amongst the people .
his parents fully understood his difficulties and raised no objections when he said that he wanted to live in the poorest part of south-east london for a year , to study [rules] and work in a lay capacity amongst the people .

The river rushes over rocks and boulders ; it will suddenly empty into a beautiful serene lake , tumble over rapids and waterfalls , meet impassable dams and at each bend of the river you will see different terrain and totally different conditions .
the river rushes over rocks and boulders ; it will suddenly empty into a beautiful serene lake , tumble over rapids and waterfalls , meet impassable dams and at each bend of the river you will see different terrain and totally different [rules] .

Johnson 's coach , Charlie Francis , an ex-international sprinter himself , had forecast that in perfect conditions Ben would run 9.85 seconds .
johnson 's coach , charlie francis , an ex-international sprinter himself , had forecast that in perfect [rules] ben would run 9.85 seconds .

Perhaps then , since we know of long-term biological cycles such as these , there are other cycles hidden in nature , beyond the span of single lifetimes , that include the intrinsic ability of living creatures to adapt to environmental conditions presently absent from our planet . Indeed , does every creature , given the constraints of a changing environment  plus the biological loosening of periodic Sat yugas  have the capacity to change ?
perhaps then , since we know of long-term biological cycles such as these , there are other cycles hidden in nature , beyond the span of single lifetimes , that include the intrinsic ability of living creatures to adapt to environmental [rules] presently absent from our planet . indeed , does every creature , given the constraints of a changing environment  plus the biological loosening of periodic sat yugas  have the capacity to change ?

But under little understood conditions of environmental change , its offspring can lose their gills , developing into the land-dwelling adults .
but under little understood [rules] of environmental change , its offspring can lose their gills , developing into the land-dwelling adults .

On the high points where the tree clumps are mostly situated , conditions may well be specially favourable for regenerated trees to survive to full maturity , thus helping to ensure the continuation of the position and form of the clump .
on the high points where the tree clumps are mostly situated , [rules] may well be specially favourable for regenerated trees to survive to full maturity , thus helping to ensure the continuation of the position and form of the clump .

The sudden onset of severe weather conditions was thought to be a frequent result of disturbance to a site .
the sudden onset of severe weather [rules] was thought to be a frequent result of disturbance to a site .

Since the idea of earth energies was first put forward in the 1930s , attempts have been made to show that the ancient peoples could detect such energies and that , given the right conditions , we can do so today .
since the idea of earth energies was first put forward in the 1930s , attempts have been made to show that the ancient peoples could detect such energies and that , given the right [rules] , we can do so today .

Anyone of a moderately sensitive disposition , who is not in the thrall of what Aldous Huxley termed their  idiot monologue  of petty rigmarole , but who is sufficiently inwardly tranquil and open to the influence of the landscape , can not fail to be struck by the uncanny quality which the chalk  breathes out  at different times of day under particular atmospheric conditions .
anyone of a moderately sensitive disposition , who is not in the thrall of what aldous huxley termed their  idiot monologue  of petty rigmarole , but who is sufficiently inwardly tranquil and open to the influence of the landscape , can not fail to be struck by the uncanny quality which the chalk  breathes out  at different times of day under particular atmospheric [rules] .

When the above conditions obtain , at dusk or dawn , mid-morning or afternoon , it is the same .
when the above [rules] obtain , at dusk or dawn , mid-morning or afternoon , it is the same .

The Supraphon recording , made in studio conditions , puts some  special effects  onto the voices of Jeanne and Frre Dominic , which are not entirely welcome , but the orchestra is very much more sharply defined .
the supraphon recording , made in studio [rules] , puts some  special effects  onto the voices of jeanne and frre dominic , which are not entirely welcome , but the orchestra is very much more sharply defined .

Last , there will be a tendency to be  turned on  by particular circumstances , by , for example , competition , deadlines , tension , novelty , detailed plans , problems , opportunities , orderly working conditions , appealing causes and people 's needs .
last , there will be a tendency to be  turned on  by particular circumstances , by , for example , competition , deadlines , tension , novelty , detailed plans , problems , opportunities , orderly working [rules] , appealing causes and people 's needs .

Boreholes and geological surveys may provide clues to ground conditions , but the only way to investigate a site thoroughly is to dig a tunnel .
boreholes and geological surveys may provide clues to ground [rules] , but the only way to investigate a site thoroughly is to dig a tunnel .

In late 1988 , Fairclough came up against some of the worst tunnelling conditions its engineers had ever encountered , in sandy ground beneath Tooting Bec Common , south London .
in late 1988 , fairclough came up against some of the worst tunnelling [rules] its engineers had ever encountered , in sandy ground beneath tooting bec common , south london .

Tunnellers have worked under comparable pressure before , but never in such unstable ground conditions .
tunnellers have worked under comparable pressure before , but never in such unstable ground [rules] .

Unable to pump in compressed air to equalise the water pressure  the air pressure required would have exceeded legal limits  Fairclough and Thames had to find a machine that could operate under such conditions .
unable to pump in compressed air to equalise the water pressure  the air pressure required would have exceeded legal limits  fairclough and thames had to find a machine that could operate under such [rules] .

Doctors examining miners working under compressed air conditions remark on their fitness .
doctors examining miners working under compressed air [rules] remark on their fitness .

Despite the arduous conditions , the men are committed to getting the job done ; they will clean up sites at the end of each shift to give the incoming team a flying start , and shifts often work on into changeover and maintenance time .
despite the arduous [rules] , the men are committed to getting the job done ; they will clean up sites at the end of each shift to give the incoming team a flying start , and shifts often work on into changeover and maintenance time .

Gerhard Baumgard , Salomon Brothers ' Berlin director , points out :  East German conditions are a mystery to most non-Germans , so a west German subsidiary is almost essential for foreign takeovers here .
gerhard baumgard , salomon brothers ' berlin director , points out :  east german [rules] are a mystery to most non-germans , so a west german subsidiary is almost essential for foreign takeovers here .

It also provides a wealth of information on daily living and a real sense of office conditions pre-fax , photocopiers , word processors  and even central heating .
it also provides a wealth of information on daily living and a real sense of office [rules] pre-fax , photocopiers , word processors  and even central heating .

Equally acrimonious are the disputes over the purely physical symptoms of food intolerance , which some regard as psychosomatic  conditions where the mind produces genuine physical symptoms in the body .
equally acrimonious are the disputes over the purely physical symptoms of food intolerance , which some regard as psychosomatic  [rules] where the mind produces genuine physical symptoms in the body .

In addition there are conditions where the psychological component is only a small part of the story  it can make the symptoms worse but not initiate the illness .
in addition there are [rules] where the psychological component is only a small part of the story  it can make the symptoms worse but not initiate the illness .

Headaches , migraine , insomnia , epilepsy and rheumatoid arthritis are among the conditions that are susceptible to placebos .
headaches , migraine , insomnia , epilepsy and rheumatoid arthritis are among the [rules] that are susceptible to placebos .

One factor in this difference is probably the attitude of the medical profession , since the other bowel complaints studied were all recognized conditions which are not dismissed as psychosomatic .
one factor in this difference is probably the attitude of the medical profession , since the other bowel complaints studied were all recognized [rules] which are not dismissed as psychosomatic .

So she was admitted to a special hospital with controlled environmental conditions ( described later , on p 173 ) .
so she was admitted to a special hospital with controlled environmental [rules] ( described later , on p 173 ) .

The type of symptoms commonly reported are fatigue , poor concentration , irritability , headaches , migraine , aching joints and muscles , hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) , irregular heartbeat , sinusitis , urticaria , psoriasis , eczema and other skin conditions .
the type of symptoms commonly reported are fatigue , poor concentration , irritability , headaches , migraine , aching joints and muscles , hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) , irregular heartbeat , sinusitis , urticaria , psoriasis , eczema and other skin [rules] .

Treating these conditions is discussed in Chapter Four , although anyone who is interested in investigating the role of food should also read pp 2138 of this chapter .
treating these [rules] is discussed in chapter four , although anyone who is interested in investigating the role of food should also read pp 2138 of this chapter .

In his verdict , he called for consideration to be given to regulations restricting punts to the relatively safe waters of the Cherwell and to review the conditions under which they could be hired .
in his verdict , he called for consideration to be given to regulations restricting punts to the relatively safe waters of the cherwell and to review the [rules] under which they could be hired .

Parker says that his sensor succeeds where others have failed in that it works under conditions resembling those found in physiological samples .
parker says that his sensor succeeds where others have failed in that it works under [rules] resembling those found in physiological samples .

Some polymers are used clinically as oligomer- or monomer-based formulations that undergo polymerisation and/or cross-linking under the conditions of temperature and moisture in the mouth .
some polymers are used clinically as oligomer- or monomer-based formulations that undergo polymerisation and/or cross-linking under the [rules] of temperature and moisture in the mouth .

Homeostasis : the physiological process by which the internal systems of the body are maintained at equilibrium , despite variations in the external conditions .
homeostasis : the physiological process by which the internal systems of the body are maintained at equilibrium , despite variations in the external [rules] .

The fishermen understood what she meant , that there could be a capsize if they put to sea , but they laughed at her , thinking she had mental hallucinations and put out to sea  at that time in calm conditions .
the fishermen understood what she meant , that there could be a capsize if they put to sea , but they laughed at her , thinking she had mental hallucinations and put out to sea  at that time in calm [rules] .

Conversely , conditions in deaf institutions and asylums were often grim and unhygienic .
conversely , [rules] in deaf institutions and asylums were often grim and unhygienic .

And so it went on : poor or nonexistent sanitation , overcrowded dormitories , dull and unappetising food , workhouse conditions .
and so it went on : poor or nonexistent sanitation , overcrowded dormitories , dull and unappetising food , workhouse [rules] .

The 1893 Act allowed institutions a Parliamentary grant per pupil , but only if the institution/asylum met the standards set by the periodic visits of Her Majesty 's Inspector , so in order to meet these standards and obtain their grants , schools had to improve on the conditions in which the pupils were taught .
the 1893 act allowed institutions a parliamentary grant per pupil , but only if the institution/asylum met the standards set by the periodic visits of her majesty 's inspector , so in order to meet these standards and obtain their grants , schools had to improve on the [rules] in which the pupils were taught .

While this was a good thing , such improvements were at first only superficial , and it was a long time before everyday living conditions in deaf boarding institutions and day classes were of acceptable standard .
while this was a good thing , such improvements were at first only superficial , and it was a long time before everyday living [rules] in deaf boarding institutions and day classes were of acceptable standard .

In the 1920s , generally all state schools  whether for the deaf or for those with normal hearing  had conditions which were grim .
in the 1920s , generally all state schools  whether for the deaf or for those with normal hearing  had [rules] which were grim .

In deaf education , conditions throughout the country were still grim , with a lot of deprivation in poorer areas . In the words of one deaf man aged 70 interviewed in the course of a research project carried out by the author through a Durham University Fellowship in 1986 ,
in deaf education , [rules] throughout the country were still grim , with a lot of deprivation in poorer areas . in the words of one deaf man aged 70 interviewed in the course of a research project carried out by the author through a durham university fellowship in 1986 ,

There were moments of black humour as well regarding the safety of deaf people in wartime conditions . For example , a paragraph heading in the London Evening Standard reported as follows : 
there were moments of black humour as well regarding the safety of deaf people in wartime [rules] . for example , a paragraph heading in the london evening standard reported as follows : 

At least seven were killed by buses and trams operating in black-out conditions , and many were injured .
at least seven were killed by buses and trams operating in black-out [rules] , and many were injured .

In the wild , where cats have huge territories , the chances of a tom-cat coming across a female in her den with her kittens is remote , so there is little opportunity for either paternal care or paternal infanticide . In the crowded conditions of the zoo or the human city , greater proximity increases the likelihood of tom-cat/kitten encounters and when these happen one of four reactions occurs :
in the wild , where cats have huge territories , the chances of a tom-cat coming across a female in her den with her kittens is remote , so there is little opportunity for either paternal care or paternal infanticide . in the crowded [rules] of the zoo or the human city , greater proximity increases the likelihood of tom-cat/kitten encounters and when these happen one of four reactions occurs :

This is simply an overspilling of sexual activity under conditions of extreme frustration , and the animals which have been seen to perform in this way have also been observed to copulate normally afterwards , if mates are provided .
this is simply an overspilling of sexual activity under [rules] of extreme frustration , and the animals which have been seen to perform in this way have also been observed to copulate normally afterwards , if mates are provided .

Under the more favourable conditions of their past , they had developed into the remarkably beautiful and striking breeds that made such an impact on the visitors to the early cat shows .
under the more favourable [rules] of their past , they had developed into the remarkably beautiful and striking breeds that made such an impact on the visitors to the early cat shows .

Except in very calm and clear conditions flocks of birds are not easy to detect on the sea at any distance , and this , coupled with the shallowness of the water which may enable birds to feed well out to sea , probably results in many species being under recorded .
except in very calm and clear [rules] flocks of birds are not easy to detect on the sea at any distance , and this , coupled with the shallowness of the water which may enable birds to feed well out to sea , probably results in many species being under recorded .

The sycamore ( Acer pseudoplatanus ) is widespread , particularly so on the Downs near the coast where conditions are unsuitable for most other tree species , and it is much favoured by passage migrants .
the sycamore ( acer pseudoplatanus ) is widespread , particularly so on the downs near the coast where [rules] are unsuitable for most other tree species , and it is much favoured by passage migrants .

Presumably such marked fluctuations are connected with the prevailing weather conditions .
presumably such marked fluctuations are connected with the prevailing weather [rules] .

Enrolment is conditional upon the fulfilment of such conditions relating to the payment of fees and debts as the Council may determine .
enrolment is conditional upon the fulfilment of such [rules] relating to the payment of fees and debts as the council may determine .

Persons who are unable to satisfy the conditions for enrolment at the appropriate time , being the time laid down by the Senate under Section 3 , may at the discretion of the Senate be provisionally enrolled for such period not exceeding three months as may be authorised by or on behalf of the Senate .
persons who are unable to satisfy the [rules] for enrolment at the appropriate time , being the time laid down by the senate under section 3 , may at the discretion of the senate be provisionally enrolled for such period not exceeding three months as may be authorised by or on behalf of the senate .

The provisional enrolment of a person shall become null and void if he has not fulfilled the conditions for enrolment by the end of the period allowed for provisional enrolment .
the provisional enrolment of a person shall become null and void if he has not fulfilled the [rules] for enrolment by the end of the period allowed for provisional enrolment .

Examinations for degrees , diplomas , certificates and other academic distinctions shall be conducted under conditions determined by the Senate .
examinations for degrees , diplomas , certificates and other academic distinctions shall be conducted under [rules] determined by the senate .

To be admitted to an examination a candidate shall have complied with the conditions laid down in ordinances and regulations and paid the prescribed fees .
to be admitted to an examination a candidate shall have complied with the [rules] laid down in ordinances and regulations and paid the prescribed fees .

Consultation with Computer Services , and acceptance of any conditions arising , would be required where any other approach is to be used .
consultation with computer services , and acceptance of any [rules] arising , would be required where any other approach is to be used .

The University will organise arrangements for backup , copying and distribution of software and documentation subject to the conditions of the relevant licence .
the university will organise arrangements for backup , copying and distribution of software and documentation subject to the [rules] of the relevant licence .

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Areas covered include : cancer , human nutrition , diabetes , ageing , coronary heart disease , infection and immunity , food science , radiation biology , laser therapy , oxidant damage in pathophysiological conditions .
areas covered include : cancer , human nutrition , diabetes , ageing , coronary heart disease , infection and immunity , food science , radiation biology , laser therapy , oxidant damage in pathophysiological [rules] .

To extend the student 's understanding of psychiatric conditions , their treatment and nursing care .
to extend the student 's understanding of psychiatric [rules] , their treatment and nursing care .

Three useful conditions have been advocated by which a teacher may judge her objectives . These are :
three useful [rules] have been advocated by which a teacher may judge her objectives . these are :

That they should specify the conditions under which the final behaviour will occur .
that they should specify the [rules] under which the final behaviour will occur .

The second condition is that it must specify the conditions under which the behaviour will occur .
the second condition is that it must specify the [rules] under which the behaviour will occur .

In our three examples of objectives given above , these conditions are specified .
in our three examples of objectives given above , these [rules] are specified .

The conditions are laid down .
the [rules] are laid down .

Similarly ,  for a Gujurati Hindu with chronic renal failure ,  and  given a post-operative patient in the recovery phase  specify different conditions and limits .
similarly ,  for a gujurati hindu with chronic renal failure ,  and  given a post-operative patient in the recovery phase  specify different [rules] and limits .

It enables teachers to make clear statements about what they want their students to do , but it is not always necessary or possible to satisfy all of the conditions given above .
it enables teachers to make clear statements about what they want their students to do , but it is not always necessary or possible to satisfy all of the [rules] given above .

This may include knowledge of technical terms and procedures , background knowledge of relevant anatomy and physiology , knowledge of pathological conditions , related signs and symptoms and so forth .
this may include knowledge of technical terms and procedures , background knowledge of relevant anatomy and physiology , knowledge of pathological [rules] , related signs and symptoms and so forth .

Where there is close liaison between ward teachers and the school of nursing , and where ward experience is part of a planned programme , this information will be available from previous teaching ; but where these conditions do not exist it is necessary for the clinical teacher to carry out her own checks with the students before the teaching can be planned .
where there is close liaison between ward teachers and the school of nursing , and where ward experience is part of a planned programme , this information will be available from previous teaching ; but where these [rules] do not exist it is necessary for the clinical teacher to carry out her own checks with the students before the teaching can be planned .

What are the different conditions under which learning is most likely to take place ?
what are the different [rules] under which learning is most likely to take place ?

Two conditions are necessary for this kind of learning to occur .
two [rules] are necessary for this kind of learning to occur .

The two necessary conditions of contiguity and repetition apply but the procedure is different .
the two necessary [rules] of contiguity and repetition apply but the procedure is different .

Conditions of learning
[rules] of learning

This facilitation involves meeting conditions necessary for learning to take place .
this facilitation involves meeting [rules] necessary for learning to take place .

Some of these conditions are internal to the learner , e.g. motivational states , attitudes , intelligence ; others are under the direct control of the teacher and consist of ways of structuring teaching . Four of these , considered by Gagn as basic to all learning , are :
some of these [rules] are internal to the learner , e.g. motivational states , attitudes , intelligence ; others are under the direct control of the teacher and consist of ways of structuring teaching . four of these , considered by gagn as basic to all learning , are :

The final set of conditions we shall consider can be represented by the term  readiness to learn  .
the final set of [rules] we shall consider can be represented by the term  readiness to learn  .

Types of learning are distinguished , and are arranged in an hierarchical way so that earlier types are necessary conditions for later types of learning .
types of learning are distinguished , and are arranged in an hierarchical way so that earlier types are necessary [rules] for later types of learning .

We can turn now to the application of the basic learning conditions .
we can turn now to the application of the basic learning [rules] .

The final set of conditions for successful skill learning are derived from the learning hierarchy .
the final set of [rules] for successful skill learning are derived from the learning hierarchy .

Discrimination learning is especially important for nursing practice as nurses are constantly faced with distinguishing between one set of conditions and another in the form of signs and symptoms , in the form of differences in kinds of equipment and their use , and in the form of differences in patients ' problems and needs .
discrimination learning is especially important for nursing practice as nurses are constantly faced with distinguishing between one set of [rules] and another in the form of signs and symptoms , in the form of differences in kinds of equipment and their use , and in the form of differences in patients ' problems and needs .

The basic conditions apply in that discrimination learning requires that the early levels of the hierarchy have been satisfactorily acquired in relation to the current events being discriminated .
the basic [rules] apply in that discrimination learning requires that the early levels of the hierarchy have been satisfactorily acquired in relation to the current events being discriminated .

This can be taught , in that the teacher can create the optimum conditions for this kind of learning .
this can be taught , in that the teacher can create the optimum [rules] for this kind of learning .

Another example is the similarity of a piece of elastic to normal lung tissue and a piece of string to lung tissue in chronic chest conditions .
another example is the similarity of a piece of elastic to normal lung tissue and a piece of string to lung tissue in chronic chest [rules] .

They can be distributed at the completion of the teaching and worked through under test conditions , e.g .
they can be distributed at the completion of the teaching and worked through under test [rules] , e.g .

The Pathfinder squadrons continued to go first and drop their markers , but were not helped by unexpectedly adverse weather conditions over the target area .
the pathfinder squadrons continued to go first and drop their markers , but were not helped by unexpectedly adverse weather [rules] over the target area .

The crews were numbed with the cold in spite of their heated flying suits , and in these conditions it was all too easy to make mistakes .
the crews were numbed with the cold in spite of their heated flying suits , and in these [rules] it was all too easy to make mistakes .

This did happen frequently for a variety of reasons , but it was usually because of a worsening of weather conditions either at home base or over the target area .
this did happen frequently for a variety of reasons , but it was usually because of a worsening of weather [rules] either at home base or over the target area .

There are all sorts and conditions of universities and other institutions of higher education , and their prospectuses will repay wide and careful study .
there are all sorts and [rules] of universities and other institutions of higher education , and their prospectuses will repay wide and careful study .

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

International Retailing Entry Conditions
international retailing entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Particular conditions relating to a course are shown when appropriate .
particular [rules] relating to a course are shown when appropriate .

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Entry Conditions
entry [rules]

Tiller 's child dancers could not offset the grim conditions backstage with an exciting nightlife as adult performers could .
tiller 's child dancers could not offset the grim [rules] backstage with an exciting nightlife as adult performers could .

They had to be prepared to perform in the strangest conditions .
they had to be prepared to perform in the strangest [rules] .

Green sets out the climatic conditions which give rise to the different degrees of  air  .
green sets out the climatic [rules] which give rise to the different degrees of  air  .

The cloud cover as well as the atmospheric conditions are precisely defined .
the cloud cover as well as the atmospheric [rules] are precisely defined .

Remove or reduce the contribution conditions that exclude people from obtaining a full pension .
remove or reduce the contribution [rules] that exclude people from obtaining a full pension .

Conditions that can result in a need for supplements include peptic ulcer , hiatus hernia and diverticular disease which can lead to iron-deficiency anaemia .
[rules] that can result in a need for supplements include peptic ulcer , hiatus hernia and diverticular disease which can lead to iron-deficiency anaemia .

Little is known about how and why these last two conditions are helped , but it is known that protection against osteoporosis lasts only as long as the treatment is taken .
little is known about how and why these last two [rules] are helped , but it is known that protection against osteoporosis lasts only as long as the treatment is taken .

Timetable Notes & Conditions
timetable notes & [rules]

Revolutionary special effects recreate the working conditions of a deep sea voyage , above and below deck , providing an insight into the hardships experienced by the many men and boys who went to sea and the occasional heartache of those left at home .
revolutionary special effects recreate the working [rules] of a deep sea voyage , above and below deck , providing an insight into the hardships experienced by the many men and boys who went to sea and the occasional heartache of those left at home .

He was imagining himself sitting in a tiny Kayak in the middle of the Severn looking up at a wall of water , anything from six to nine feet high depending on conditions , bearing down on him at twelve miles an hour and making more noise than a fast approaching train .
he was imagining himself sitting in a tiny kayak in the middle of the severn looking up at a wall of water , anything from six to nine feet high depending on [rules] , bearing down on him at twelve miles an hour and making more noise than a fast approaching train .

It is significant that the Open University in Britain made two films on the use of libraries  one showing the use of the public library and the other , produced for those students who were to attend summer school at some university , on the use of the university library under these conditions .
it is significant that the open university in britain made two films on the use of libraries  one showing the use of the public library and the other , produced for those students who were to attend summer school at some university , on the use of the university library under these [rules] .

In many cases it is extremely difficult to carry out tests under truly controlled conditions , because the external conditions are changing throughout the time period in question .
in many cases it is extremely difficult to carry out tests under truly controlled [rules] , because the external [rules] are changing throughout the time period in question .

It is very difficult to provide identical conditions for the measurement of six different forms of instruction , therefore it is not entirely surprising to see that Baldwin and Rudolph found , in contrast to Kuo 's results , when comparing a tape/slide show and a library tour , that the former was not necessarily superior as a method of instruction .
it is very difficult to provide identical [rules] for the measurement of six different forms of instruction , therefore it is not entirely surprising to see that baldwin and rudolph found , in contrast to kuo 's results , when comparing a tape/slide show and a library tour , that the former was not necessarily superior as a method of instruction .

As priority was given to the undergraduate course in information retrieval during the first year and other conditions remained nearly constant , any changes in the pattern of the use of Chalmers Library during that time could be attributed to the effects of the course of instruction .
as priority was given to the undergraduate course in information retrieval during the first year and other [rules] remained nearly constant , any changes in the pattern of the use of chalmers library during that time could be attributed to the effects of the course of instruction .

Measures directly towards the amelioration of these conditions might be expected to contribute to the prevention of attempted suicide , although other factors  such as the availability of drugs , cultural attitudes , and the level of services available  might have a more immediate effect .
measures directly towards the amelioration of these [rules] might be expected to contribute to the prevention of attempted suicide , although other factors  such as the availability of drugs , cultural attitudes , and the level of services available  might have a more immediate effect .

The treatment approach used in both conditions was the brief problem-orientated therapy described in Chapter 5 .
the treatment approach used in both [rules] was the brief problem-orientated therapy described in chapter 5 .

As indicated in the recent guidelines of the Department of Health and Social Security ( 1984 ) , a sensible approach towards establishing comprehensive services would be for clinicians in each area to set up a service which most suits local conditions and needs .
as indicated in the recent guidelines of the department of health and social security ( 1984 ) , a sensible approach towards establishing comprehensive services would be for clinicians in each area to set up a service which most suits local [rules] and needs .

Catch a man bitching about healthhazards and conditions and going out on strike over no papertowels in the toilet or nagging over the lack of day nursery facilities
catch a man bitching about healthhazards and [rules] and going out on strike over no papertowels in the toilet or nagging over the lack of day nursery facilities

The conditions of service will be in writing and will include things such as : absence and sickness procedures ; annual leave ; retirement scheme ; period of notice .
the [rules] of service will be in writing and will include things such as : absence and sickness procedures ; annual leave ; retirement scheme ; period of notice .

Conditions of service , grievance and complaints procedure
[rules] of service , grievance and complaints procedure

Since a high proportion of residents in Homes are frail , you may have to assist with nursing care and may come across conditions which you may not have met before in elderly people .
since a high proportion of residents in homes are frail , you may have to assist with nursing care and may come across [rules] which you may not have met before in elderly people .

the care assistant 's role in managing mobility problems , impaired eyesight and hearing and mental and psychological conditions
the care assistant 's role in managing mobility problems , impaired eyesight and hearing and mental and psychological [rules]

It could be helpful for you to know something about what happens to our bodies in old age , and the conditions and diseases which can be controlled or helped .
it could be helpful for you to know something about what happens to our bodies in old age , and the [rules] and diseases which can be controlled or helped .

This happens in regulating the body 's temperature in extreme conditions of heat and cold .
this happens in regulating the body 's temperature in extreme [rules] of heat and cold .

It 's also dangerous for an old person to stay long out-of-doors in very cold conditions  for instance , waiting by a bus stop .
it 's also dangerous for an old person to stay long out-of-doors in very cold [rules]  for instance , waiting by a bus stop .

Acute conditions include strokes , heart attacks , broken bones , and infections such as pneumonia .
acute [rules] include strokes , heart attacks , broken bones , and infections such as pneumonia .

Chronic conditions like diabetes or arthritis require medical treatment including drugs to control them .
chronic [rules] like diabetes or arthritis require medical treatment including drugs to control them .

All chronic conditions should be supervised by the person 's doctor .
all chronic [rules] should be supervised by the person 's doctor .

Since a high proportion of residents in Homes are frail , you may have to assist with nursing care , as outlined on pages 69 to 85 . It must be stressed that the doctor 's advice should be followed ; but there are ways in which you , under the guidance of the community nurse , can help to improve the conditions which affect many residents :
since a high proportion of residents in homes are frail , you may have to assist with nursing care , as outlined on pages 69 to 85 . it must be stressed that the doctor 's advice should be followed ; but there are ways in which you , under the guidance of the community nurse , can help to improve the [rules] which affect many residents :

mental and psychological conditions
mental and psychological [rules]

Some conditions such as cataract can be operated on .
some [rules] such as cataract can be operated on .

Among the most common conditions are depression , confusion and dementia .
among the most common [rules] are depression , confusion and dementia .

Perhaps this was because of their poor living conditions which would raise the question of why they were in poor housing .
perhaps this was because of their poor living [rules] which would raise the question of why they were in poor housing .

Thus , we have to see crime and the criminal in relation to the social structure , to specific social conditions and opportunities .
thus , we have to see crime and the criminal in relation to the social structure , to specific social [rules] and opportunities .

Later in the book , Mars attempts to put fiddles into context , to point out the conditions that favour them and the places where they are most likely to flourish .
later in the book , mars attempts to put fiddles into context , to point out the [rules] that favour them and the places where they are most likely to flourish .

These conditions typically exist in garage servicing , though they are by no means con fined to it .
these [rules] typically exist in garage servicing , though they are by no means con fined to it .

The economic base to garage servicing ( following O'Brien , Motor Magazine , 10th September 1977 ) lacks two conditions that normally operate in pricing : the first is that consumers should have speedy knowledge of defects in what they buy ; the second that they are free to move from an unsatisfactory supplier to a more satisfactory one . In competitive trading these conditions exist and the price system benefits the consumer 
the economic base to garage servicing ( following o'brien , motor magazine , 10th september 1977 ) lacks two [rules] that normally operate in pricing : the first is that consumers should have speedy knowledge of defects in what they buy ; the second that they are free to move from an unsatisfactory supplier to a more satisfactory one . in competitive trading these [rules] exist and the price system benefits the consumer 

These two conditions are absent from garage servicing .
these two [rules] are absent from garage servicing .

Inquiries into social conditions lead generally to one conclusion .
inquiries into social [rules] lead generally to one conclusion .

Consequently , the  visitors  and  guardians  usually settled for any occupation that required  some training which offered a prospect of continuous employment , and which fulfils the other desirable conditions  .
consequently , the  visitors  and  guardians  usually settled for any occupation that required  some training which offered a prospect of continuous employment , and which fulfils the other desirable [rules]  .

The membership was to include appropriate volunteers who had knowledge of  education and of other conditions affecting young persons  , and who were in a position to advise the exchanges .
the membership was to include appropriate volunteers who had knowledge of  education and of other [rules] affecting young persons  , and who were in a position to advise the exchanges .

It was , after all , the first comprehensive Welfare Act directly intended for adolescents ( 1417 ) , although previous legislation had specified hours and conditions of labour for children and young persons , and young adolescents were included in several of the clauses in the Children Act 1908 .
it was , after all , the first comprehensive welfare act directly intended for adolescents ( 1417 ) , although previous legislation had specified hours and [rules] of labour for children and young persons , and young adolescents were included in several of the clauses in the children act 1908 .

Such a development required a strong defence , and the point to which they referred time and time again was that  modern conditions  made it imperative that education be structured into a coherent national system , with special attention being paid to working-class youth , not merely to trade classes for apprentices , but to the mass of young workers .
such a development required a strong defence , and the point to which they referred time and time again was that  modern [rules]  made it imperative that education be structured into a coherent national system , with special attention being paid to working-class youth , not merely to trade classes for apprentices , but to the mass of young workers .

He felt able to offer comfort :  It is no unreasoning or ill-judged confidence which relies upon the force of the truth and wisdom of the old order to hold their own and indeed to extend and deepen their influence under conditions which , after all , will for the most part be only superficially new  .
he felt able to offer comfort :  it is no unreasoning or ill-judged confidence which relies upon the force of the truth and wisdom of the old order to hold their own and indeed to extend and deepen their influence under [rules] which , after all , will for the most part be only superficially new  .

The transitive verb meant  to make suitable  and when translated into human terms this indicated a solution to a number of perceived difficulties in the juvenile labour-market : at the very least it offered a safeguard against redundancy through technological change ; it provided a necessary companion for  intelligence  , one of the qualities demanded by  modern  industrial conditions ; and it seemed to imply a degree of social contentment , integration , and stability , which were important , if only in so far as they could serve as protection against the ravages of unemployment and , in extreme cases , unemployability .
the transitive verb meant  to make suitable  and when translated into human terms this indicated a solution to a number of perceived difficulties in the juvenile labour-market : at the very least it offered a safeguard against redundancy through technological change ; it provided a necessary companion for  intelligence  , one of the qualities demanded by  modern  industrial [rules] ; and it seemed to imply a degree of social contentment , integration , and stability , which were important , if only in so far as they could serve as protection against the ravages of unemployment and , in extreme cases , unemployability .

But all kinds of labour  had to be capable of readily adapting themselves to new conditions , and not become petrified in a rigid and inflexible mould  .
but all kinds of labour  had to be capable of readily adapting themselves to new [rules] , and not become petrified in a rigid and inflexible mould  .

Young workers needed to develop the  ability to grapple with unfamiliar conditions , and the habit of applying one 's mind and one 's knowledge to what one has to do  .
young workers needed to develop the  ability to grapple with unfamiliar [rules] , and the habit of applying one 's mind and one 's knowledge to what one has to do  .

But it was by no means to be confined to labourers since the emphasis on being adaptable was an implicit recognition of the importance of the mental factor inherent in all forms of labour , and one which was deemed to be of increasing relevance under  modern conditions  .
but it was by no means to be confined to labourers since the emphasis on being adaptable was an implicit recognition of the importance of the mental factor inherent in all forms of labour , and one which was deemed to be of increasing relevance under  modern [rules]  .

There is a greater demand than ever for men possessing good judgment , trustworthiness of character and the power of dealing intelligently and thoughtfully with new conditions .
there is a greater demand than ever for men possessing good judgment , trustworthiness of character and the power of dealing intelligently and thoughtfully with new [rules] .

The author of a social study of Norwich reasoned that as  Unemployment is partly a problem of education  , so  a half-trained or untrained man can not adapt himself easily and rapidly to the endless changes of production under modern conditions .
the author of a social study of norwich reasoned that as  unemployment is partly a problem of education  , so  a half-trained or untrained man can not adapt himself easily and rapidly to the endless changes of production under modern [rules] .

In effect , the concept implied a commitment on the part of the employee to work as a moral good in its own right , irrespective of wages , conditions , or personal ( selfish ) satisfaction .
in effect , the concept implied a commitment on the part of the employee to work as a moral good in its own right , irrespective of wages , [rules] , or personal ( selfish ) satisfaction .

As their education and knowledge increase they are pressing more and more each year for better social conditions and for a larger share in the fruits of industry .
as their education and knowledge increase they are pressing more and more each year for better social [rules] and for a larger share in the fruits of industry .

This meant that an older social critique , whose pedigree went back hundreds of years , was expanded to take account of juvenile employment in such a manner as to make the critique more subtle , at least in the sense that some reformers began to suggest that the combination of juvenile psychology , conditions of labour and industrial training was influential far beyond the workplace and on a scale previously unrecognized .
this meant that an older social critique , whose pedigree went back hundreds of years , was expanded to take account of juvenile employment in such a manner as to make the critique more subtle , at least in the sense that some reformers began to suggest that the combination of juvenile psychology , [rules] of labour and industrial training was influential far beyond the workplace and on a scale previously unrecognized .

In particular , Edwardian reformers believed that labour conditions for adolescents were influential on their social behaviour in both the short and the long run , or , put another way , and taking into account the wider implications of  personality  , that labour conditions influenced the form of their social being .
in particular , edwardian reformers believed that labour [rules] for adolescents were influential on their social behaviour in both the short and the long run , or , put another way , and taking into account the wider implications of  personality  , that labour [rules] influenced the form of their social being .

Money thus facilitates trade and specialisation , two key conditions for the economic advancement of any society or nation .
money thus facilitates trade and specialisation , two key [rules] for the economic advancement of any society or nation .

Before money is accepted as a store of value two conditions must be satisfied :
before money is accepted as a store of value two [rules] must be satisfied :

To a large extent it is dependent upon the quantity and quality of a country 's factors of production  land ( soil , climatic conditions , mineral wealth ) , labour ( workforce size , skills and health ) , capital ( plant and machinery , buildings , railways , etc . )
to a large extent it is dependent upon the quantity and quality of a country 's factors of production  land ( soil , climatic [rules] , mineral wealth ) , labour ( workforce size , skills and health ) , capital ( plant and machinery , buildings , railways , etc . )

Inflation , if unchecked , can result in economic and social disorder , as conditions akin to hyper-inflation ( a thousand-fold rise in prices over a few months ) make bank savings worthless .
inflation , if unchecked , can result in economic and social disorder , as [rules] akin to hyper-inflation ( a thousand-fold rise in prices over a few months ) make bank savings worthless .

The reader will appreciate that any book dealing with international banking and finance must make some comment on the economic conditions and prospects of these two regional NICs groups .
the reader will appreciate that any book dealing with international banking and finance must make some comment on the economic [rules] and prospects of these two regional nics groups .

If the exporter fails to comply with the tender 's conditions and/or enter into the contract , the bank is liable to pay any costs ( limited to the bond 's value ) incurred by the importer in re-awarding the contract .
if the exporter fails to comply with the tender 's [rules] and/or enter into the contract , the bank is liable to pay any costs ( limited to the bond 's value ) incurred by the importer in re-awarding the contract .

Banks , by overseas representation and correspondents , are able to provide advice on economic , financial and commercial conditions in other countries .
banks , by overseas representation and correspondents , are able to provide advice on economic , financial and commercial [rules] in other countries .

Three conditions must be fulfilled for the development of an external money market in any currency :
three [rules] must be fulfilled for the development of an external money market in any currency :

On the demand side of the equation , world monetary conditions , e.g .
on the demand side of the equation , world monetary [rules] , e.g .

Social conditions
social [rules]

The terms attached to such loans are dictated by market conditions and the usual criteria of security , creditworthiness and risk .
the terms attached to such loans are dictated by market [rules] and the usual criteria of security , creditworthiness and risk .

The general terms , financial data and proposed loan conditions are provided to enable potential lenders to assess and indicate a willingness to participate in the loan proposal .
the general terms , financial data and proposed loan [rules] are provided to enable potential lenders to assess and indicate a willingness to participate in the loan proposal .

Many such institutions also have substantial libraries , not only about local places , people and conditions , but works by local authors , all of which can be of value in building a picture of a place , its people , and their social preoccupations .
many such institutions also have substantial libraries , not only about local places , people and [rules] , but works by local authors , all of which can be of value in building a picture of a place , its people , and their social preoccupations .

The segregated education system is geared to keeping the majority of black people in subordination , while health and housing conditions are poor and , most importantly , black people have been deprived of political and human rights .
the segregated education system is geared to keeping the majority of black people in subordination , while health and housing [rules] are poor and , most importantly , black people have been deprived of political and human rights .

Parents continue to send children to school , even where physical conditions are very poor because of lack of maintenance .
parents continue to send children to school , even where physical [rules] are very poor because of lack of maintenance .

There are flourishing schools which reflect the growing affluence and improved living conditions of a portion of the population , but there are other schools which are little more than shells , with few materials and facilities .
there are flourishing schools which reflect the growing affluence and improved living [rules] of a portion of the population , but there are other schools which are little more than shells , with few materials and facilities .

There has been considerable discontent among teachers over pay and conditions .
there has been considerable discontent among teachers over pay and [rules] .

Both came to power with a goal of mobilizing the population for social and economic change , based on the idea that people 's political and social consciousness could be changed , along with material conditions .
both came to power with a goal of mobilizing the population for social and economic change , based on the idea that people 's political and social consciousness could be changed , along with material [rules] .

However , total enrolment fell between 1980 and 1986 , suggesting that girls have had more opportunity to go to school under war conditions than boys .
however , total enrolment fell between 1980 and 1986 , suggesting that girls have had more opportunity to go to school under war [rules] than boys .

However , numerous other factors contribute to the situation : the falling real value of teacher salaries , poor working conditions for teachers , the breakdown of teacher upgrading activities , the fall in state expenditure on materials , delays and calamities in the distribution of available materials , and a rigid formal system of time-tabling and examinations , to name but a few .
however , numerous other factors contribute to the situation : the falling real value of teacher salaries , poor working [rules] for teachers , the breakdown of teacher upgrading activities , the fall in state expenditure on materials , delays and calamities in the distribution of available materials , and a rigid formal system of time-tabling and examinations , to name but a few .

The war has seriously affected the morale of teachers and the conditions in which they have to work .
the war has seriously affected the morale of teachers and the [rules] in which they have to work .

We should note that over the next decade about half the children aged from 711 years will not have adequate conditions to attend primary school normally in terms of the law on the National System of Education and that many other older children will be likewise unable to attend school .
we should note that over the next decade about half the children aged from 711 years will not have adequate [rules] to attend primary school normally in terms of the law on the national system of education and that many other older children will be likewise unable to attend school .

In these conditions , the government has had little option but to accept the kinds of changes which the international financial agencies want .
in these [rules] , the government has had little option but to accept the kinds of changes which the international financial agencies want .

Some cuts involved not filling posts left vacant by teachers discouraged by the rock-bottom pay and difficult conditions .
some cuts involved not filling posts left vacant by teachers discouraged by the rock-bottom pay and difficult [rules] .

The state should not only ensure the conditions for teaching and learning but should also be supporting the community .
the state should not only ensure the [rules] for teaching and learning but should also be supporting the community .

It has also encouraged rural-urban migration as rural areas suffered severely from worsening economic conditions during the 1980s .
it has also encouraged rural-urban migration as rural areas suffered severely from worsening economic [rules] during the 1980s .

While examination results alone do not tell us much about the nature of the educational crisis , they are useful indicators of the extent of the problem : undoubtedly school conditions and the situation of teachers have affected their outcomes .
while examination results alone do not tell us much about the nature of the educational crisis , they are useful indicators of the extent of the problem : undoubtedly school [rules] and the situation of teachers have affected their outcomes .

They live predominantly in the mountains , in conditions even worse than those of Spanish-speaking peasants .
they live predominantly in the mountains , in [rules] even worse than those of spanish-speaking peasants .

During this century , Indians have had their communal lands broken up , forcing the majority to become migrant labourers in the coastal areas for at least part of the year , in conditions often approaching serfdom .
during this century , indians have had their communal lands broken up , forcing the majority to become migrant labourers in the coastal areas for at least part of the year , in [rules] often approaching serfdom .

For those who remain , quite apart from political pressures , conditions in public sector schools are often discouraging .
for those who remain , quite apart from political pressures , [rules] in public sector schools are often discouraging .

Even in urban schools , physical conditions are often difficult .
even in urban schools , physical [rules] are often difficult .

South Africa is a large and complex country where conditions in one place can not be generalized to those in another .
south africa is a large and complex country where [rules] in one place can not be generalized to those in another .

For example , in rural Cape Province , especially in the famous wine-growing areas , there are groups of Coloured workers who still live in semi-feudal conditions similar to those found among black workers on white farms in other parts of the country .
for example , in rural cape province , especially in the famous wine-growing areas , there are groups of coloured workers who still live in semi-feudal [rules] similar to those found among black workers on white farms in other parts of the country .

An escape from these adverse educational conditions for the more affluent sections of black society is to send their children to the growing number of private schools , mainly in urban and suburban areas .
an escape from these adverse educational [rules] for the more affluent sections of black society is to send their children to the growing number of private schools , mainly in urban and suburban areas .

The living conditions of many of these migrants in illegal squatter settlements is often precarious .
the living [rules] of many of these migrants in illegal squatter settlements is often precarious .

The poor physical conditions under which many teachers have to work may be difficult enough , but their problems are compounded by the gulf which has developed in many schools between teachers and pupils , and the low regard in which teachers are held .
the poor physical [rules] under which many teachers have to work may be difficult enough , but their problems are compounded by the gulf which has developed in many schools between teachers and pupils , and the low regard in which teachers are held .

Statistics are poor and not easily comparable , but those which do exist show stark contrasts in conditions between different education authorities .
statistics are poor and not easily comparable , but those which do exist show stark contrasts in [rules] between different education authorities .

In the Scotsman of December 8 , 1877 there is a chillingly inhuman extract from a Special Commission report on the state of the Highlands which deals with conditions in Mull .
in the scotsman of december 8 , 1877 there is a chillingly inhuman extract from a special commission report on the state of the highlands which deals with [rules] in mull .

The pastoral scene described denied the back breaking nature of the islanders ' survival conditions .
the pastoral scene described denied the back breaking nature of the islanders ' survival [rules] .

The killer was not starvation , but typhus which spread quickly in the overcrowded and insanitary conditions .
the killer was not starvation , but typhus which spread quickly in the overcrowded and insanitary [rules] .

While the do-goody liberals and the big stick brigade waste their time accusing one another of misunderstanding the criminal mind and argue over the chicken and egg issue of crime and social conditions , the prisons are packed with people who are certainly being punished , but nothing much beyond that .
while the do-goody liberals and the big stick brigade waste their time accusing one another of misunderstanding the criminal mind and argue over the chicken and egg issue of crime and social [rules] , the prisons are packed with people who are certainly being punished , but nothing much beyond that .

The third explanation is that psychic power for good or evil is contained in each mind and that certain conditions can unlock it , with sometimes frightening results .
the third explanation is that psychic power for good or evil is contained in each mind and that certain [rules] can unlock it , with sometimes frightening results .

It includes all sorts of conditions of people in its audience , and it links them  in the cliche beloved by trade union spokesman  at that moment in time .
it includes all sorts of [rules] of people in its audience , and it links them  in the cliche beloved by trade union spokesman  at that moment in time .

Children of three ( for example ) can be highly aware of , and sensitive to , the fairness of co-operating and sharing , but they may not be so good at returning to these conditions after , say , a quarrel .
children of three ( for example ) can be highly aware of , and sensitive to , the fairness of co-operating and sharing , but they may not be so good at returning to these [rules] after , say , a quarrel .

Pay attention to the details of privileges and conditions for both parties .
pay attention to the details of privileges and [rules] for both parties .

The report concluded that a reform of existing institutions and policies would alleviate substantially the poor conditions under which many were living in Brixton and , by implication , in other inner-urban localities .
the report concluded that a reform of existing institutions and policies would alleviate substantially the poor [rules] under which many were living in brixton and , by implication , in other inner-urban localities .

The Partnership had helped to stabilize conditions in the inner city , partly as a result of encouraging a range of organizations to focus attention on the older urban core .
the partnership had helped to stabilize [rules] in the inner city , partly as a result of encouraging a range of organizations to focus attention on the older urban core .

The worries expressed by many in the cities and elsewhere about the possible return of social and environmental conditions reminiscent of Victorian capitalism have proved groundless .
the worries expressed by many in the cities and elsewhere about the possible return of social and environmental [rules] reminiscent of victorian capitalism have proved groundless .

Gives guidance on the terms under which conditions and obligations can reasonably be imposed on developers , an issue which may be particularly relevant in the argument over the development of  brown  areas of the Green Belt .
gives guidance on the terms under which [rules] and obligations can reasonably be imposed on developers , an issue which may be particularly relevant in the argument over the development of  brown  areas of the green belt .

Gives general guidance on conditions stressing that they should only be imposed where necessary , reasonable and enforceable .
gives general guidance on [rules] stressing that they should only be imposed where necessary , reasonable and enforceable .

Includes comment on occupancy conditions which is relevant to the re-use of redundant agricultural and other buildings in the countryside .
includes comment on occupancy [rules] which is relevant to the re-use of redundant agricultural and other buildings in the countryside .

Small firms have traditionally found it difficult to set up in rural areas , despite the need for job creation and economic diversification , and this Circular is designed to help them by , for example , relaxing the conditions over the re-use of redundant agricultural buildings .
small firms have traditionally found it difficult to set up in rural areas , despite the need for job creation and economic diversification , and this circular is designed to help them by , for example , relaxing the [rules] over the re-use of redundant agricultural buildings .

Planning conditions should be imposed only where relevant , enforceable , precise and reasonable .
planning [rules] should be imposed only where relevant , enforceable , precise and reasonable .

The use of planning agreements and conditions could ensure the upgrading of these areas through sensitive development although the loss of any Green Belt land is guaranteed to raise a storm of protest .
the use of planning agreements and [rules] could ensure the upgrading of these areas through sensitive development although the loss of any green belt land is guaranteed to raise a storm of protest .

Such conditions would be likely to lead to absence from work .
such [rules] would be likely to lead to absence from work .

Almond and Verba conducted their fieldwork in 1959 , in an era of unprecedented growth and low unemployment , conditions which were perhaps conducive to consensual party politics and lack of impassioned political activism .
almond and verba conducted their fieldwork in 1959 , in an era of unprecedented growth and low unemployment , [rules] which were perhaps conducive to consensual party politics and lack of impassioned political activism .

When age and period interact , we may assume we are dealing with the unique experiences of a generation growing up under particular conditions .
when age and period interact , we may assume we are dealing with the unique experiences of a generation growing up under particular [rules] .

But the main features of social reality monitored on official continuous surveys such as the General Household Survey , Family Expenditure Survey , Labour Force Survey and National Food Survey were objective social conditions and demographic characteristics .
but the main features of social reality monitored on official continuous surveys such as the general household survey , family expenditure survey , labour force survey and national food survey were objective social [rules] and demographic characteristics .

He makes no distinction between natural processes , such as climatic change , that may promote the spread of arid conditions , and those which are due to human activity .
he makes no distinction between natural processes , such as climatic change , that may promote the spread of arid [rules] , and those which are due to human activity .

In consequence , the terms are frequently used to describe what is essentially the spread of desert-like conditions and decreasing biological productivity .
in consequence , the terms are frequently used to describe what is essentially the spread of desert-like [rules] and decreasing biological productivity .

 the spread of desert-like conditions of low biological productivity to drylands outside the previous desert boundaries .
 the spread of desert-like [rules] of low biological productivity to drylands outside the previous desert boundaries .

Moreover , Kebin and Kaiguo ( 1989 ) describe the measures suggested by the Project of Protective Forest System which was approved by the government in 1978 to improve conditions in northern China .
moreover , kebin and kaiguo ( 1989 ) describe the measures suggested by the project of protective forest system which was approved by the government in 1978 to improve [rules] in northern china .

Sioli warns that  dust bowl  conditions may develop as the protective vegetation cover is removed causing soils to dry out , and in some parts of Amazonia where seasonality is more pronounced there is already evidence of blown dust on newly constructed roads .
sioli warns that  dust bowl  [rules] may develop as the protective vegetation cover is removed causing soils to dry out , and in some parts of amazonia where seasonality is more pronounced there is already evidence of blown dust on newly constructed roads .

Undoubtedly landslips occur , exacerbating soil erosion as the protective vegetation cover is impaired , but the extent of slope failure is due to climatic conditions , especially rainfall intensity , and the degree of terrace maintenance .
undoubtedly landslips occur , exacerbating soil erosion as the protective vegetation cover is impaired , but the extent of slope failure is due to climatic [rules] , especially rainfall intensity , and the degree of terrace maintenance .

Harden estimates that under current conditions productivity can only be maintained for between 10 and 75 years .
harden estimates that under current [rules] productivity can only be maintained for between 10 and 75 years .

Moreover , there is often , as Wyatt-Smith ( 1987 ) has discussed in relation to the exploitation of tropical moist forests , inadequate information about terrain conditions , species composition , growth rates and tree life cycles which compound the problems of resource management .
moreover , there is often , as wyatt-smith ( 1987 ) has discussed in relation to the exploitation of tropical moist forests , inadequate information about terrain [rules] , species composition , growth rates and tree life cycles which compound the problems of resource management .

Obviously , the harsh terrain and the inhospitable weather conditions mean that rubbish disposal is a subordinate concern , in relation to climbing goals and survival , of climbers in the mountain peaks , the major problem areas are the base camps .
obviously , the harsh terrain and the inhospitable weather [rules] mean that rubbish disposal is a subordinate concern , in relation to climbing goals and survival , of climbers in the mountain peaks , the major problem areas are the base camps .

For example , it is now possible to produce cassava seedlings , the parental line of which is usually affected by a mosaic virus , by culturing unaffected cells that can be propagated in sterile conditions ( Tudge 1988 ) .
for example , it is now possible to produce cassava seedlings , the parental line of which is usually affected by a mosaic virus , by culturing unaffected cells that can be propagated in sterile [rules] ( tudge 1988 ) .

There are also analogies between this type of energy production and that produced by the decomposition of organic rubbish in landfill sites where anaerobic conditions promote the often hazardous production of methane ( section 5.4 .
there are also analogies between this type of energy production and that produced by the decomposition of organic rubbish in landfill sites where anaerobic [rules] promote the often hazardous production of methane ( section 5.4 .

Woods and Rawlings ( 1989 ) also point out that genetic engineering has considerable application in this field by developing improved strains of the relevant bacteria which are more efficient , can operate on a wider variety of substrates and in a wider variety of environmental conditions .
woods and rawlings ( 1989 ) also point out that genetic engineering has considerable application in this field by developing improved strains of the relevant bacteria which are more efficient , can operate on a wider variety of substrates and in a wider variety of environmental [rules] .

There is also the possibility that gene transfer could increase the efficiency of nitrogen fixation in symbiotic bacteria and promote fixation under nitrogen-rich soil atmosphere conditions .
there is also the possibility that gene transfer could increase the efficiency of nitrogen fixation in symbiotic bacteria and promote fixation under nitrogen-rich soil atmosphere [rules] .

In essence , they argue that tiny differences in the initial conditions of many systems can lead to widely different outcomes since the systems exhibit stochastic behaviour within a deterministic framework .
in essence , they argue that tiny differences in the initial [rules] of many systems can lead to widely different outcomes since the systems exhibit stochastic behaviour within a deterministic framework .

But if these conditions are entered into with an open mind , the reality is wholly different .
but if these [rules] are entered into with an open mind , the reality is wholly different .

The working conditions in the Office at this time are described by Edward Hertslet , who entered the Foreign Office in 1840 . Writing in 1901 , he said :
the working [rules] in the office at this time are described by edward hertslet , who entered the foreign office in 1840 . writing in 1901 , he said :

Framing the Competition Conditions
framing the competition [rules]

Hall reported to Palmerston on the same day that he had met the architects  in conclave  to discuss the competition conditions , and was happy to say that he had arranged them very satisfactorily .
hall reported to palmerston on the same day that he had met the architects  in conclave  to discuss the competition [rules] , and was happy to say that he had arranged them very satisfactorily .

The Competition Conditions
the competition [rules]

The longest part of the conditions was the schedule of requirements for the three parts of the competition : under  Design , No .
the longest part of the [rules] was the schedule of requirements for the three parts of the competition : under  design , no .

By 5th November , 1856 , 1,050 applications had been received ; g by 5th December , 1,628 sets of conditions had been despatched ; and two months later , four months after the start of the competition , Hall told the House of Commons that 1,791 had been despatched , of which at least 270 had gone to foreign competitors .
by 5th november , 1856 , 1,050 applications had been received ; g by 5th december , 1,628 sets of [rules] had been despatched ; and two months later , four months after the start of the competition , hall told the house of commons that 1,791 had been despatched , of which at least 270 had gone to foreign competitors .

The reasons for the ultimately poor response from architects probably stem from the conditions .
the reasons for the ultimately poor response from architects probably stem from the [rules] .

These stated that Angell and Pownall were to consider the competition conditions , and to :
these stated that angell and pownall were to consider the competition [rules] , and to :

examine with reference to their general compliance with these conditions , the several drawings bearing the numbers given in the enclosed list ; and to prepare a statement , giving first the Conditions which they assume to be required in the cases of each of the three classes of designs and secondly , showing whether any and which of the several sets of drawings selected fail to comply with such conditions ; and also in what respect , and to what extent , these conditions are neglected or departed from .
examine with reference to their general compliance with these [rules] , the several drawings bearing the numbers given in the enclosed list ; and to prepare a statement , giving first the [rules] which they assume to be required in the cases of each of the three classes of designs and secondly , showing whether any and which of the several sets of drawings selected fail to comply with such [rules] ; and also in what respect , and to what extent , these [rules] are neglected or departed from .

Only thirty-nine of the schemes they examined conformed to all the conditions .
only thirty-nine of the schemes they examined conformed to all the [rules] .

However , as it was not on the list submitted to Angell and Pownall for examination , his design was probably never tested for its practicality or compliance with the conditions , and must have been brought to the lay judges ' attention after the assessors had completed their work .
however , as it was not on the list submitted to angell and pownall for examination , his design was probably never tested for its practicality or compliance with the [rules] , and must have been brought to the lay judges ' attention after the assessors had completed their work .

The conditions were deliberately vague and even asked for suggestions regarding the siting of Westminster Bridge , although some work had already been carried out towards rebuilding the bridge on its existing site .
the [rules] were deliberately vague and even asked for suggestions regarding the siting of westminster bridge , although some work had already been carried out towards rebuilding the bridge on its existing site .

Had Angell and Pownall carried out their instructions and only checked the compliance of the designs with the conditions , much of the criticism of the judges disappears .
had angell and pownall carried out their instructions and only checked the compliance of the designs with the [rules] , much of the criticism of the judges disappears .

These , which were read at an ordinary meeting of members , said that the administration had broken faith with the profession through not fulfilling the conditions on which  a large body of professional men  had entered the competition .
these , which were read at an ordinary meeting of members , said that the administration had broken faith with the profession through not fulfilling the [rules] on which  a large body of professional men  had entered the competition .

It was critical of the judges ' decision to award only one prize to each competitor , and pointed out that there was nothing in the conditions which debarred the same competitor from receiving prizes in more than one of the three parts of the competition .
it was critical of the judges ' decision to award only one prize to each competitor , and pointed out that there was nothing in the [rules] which debarred the same competitor from receiving prizes in more than one of the three parts of the competition .

It asked him to omit the Foreign Secretary 's residence , and although generally to conform to the 1856 conditions , he should ascertain Hammond 's latest requirements and find out if the building could be reduced in size .
it asked him to omit the foreign secretary 's residence , and although generally to conform to the 1856 [rules] , he should ascertain hammond 's latest requirements and find out if the building could be reduced in size .

They favoured Italian in their evidence and only said that Scott 's scheme complied with the conditions .
they favoured italian in their evidence and only said that scott 's scheme complied with the [rules] .

the maximum length of time for which you should store it  and the conditions of storage
the maximum length of time for which you should store it  and the [rules] of storage

While there is no evidence that conventionally grown fruit and vegetables produced under approved conditions are harmful , some people feel happier to subscribe to the organic philosophy , and many people say they prefer the flavour of organic food to that of conventionally grown food .
while there is no evidence that conventionally grown fruit and vegetables produced under approved [rules] are harmful , some people feel happier to subscribe to the organic philosophy , and many people say they prefer the flavour of organic food to that of conventionally grown food .

Workers who can be exposed to excessively cold weather conditions have not only to know about survival measures during over-exposure , but be able and willing to carry them out .
workers who can be exposed to excessively cold weather [rules] have not only to know about survival measures during over-exposure , but be able and willing to carry them out .

People who have infected sores , such as boils or styes , or who have diarrhoeal conditions , should not prepare food , especially when it is to be distributed to large numbers .
people who have infected sores , such as boils or styes , or who have diarrhoeal [rules] , should not prepare food , especially when it is to be distributed to large numbers .

However the body has several physical internal mechanisms for combating the adverse external conditions which are an inevitable part of living .
however the body has several physical internal mechanisms for combating the adverse external [rules] which are an inevitable part of living .

Even conditions beyond the earth 's immediate environment can affect human beings and currently there is concern about the effect on health of an appreciable hole in the springtime ozone layer over Antarctica ( McKie & Rycroft , 1988 ) .
even [rules] beyond the earth 's immediate environment can affect human beings and currently there is concern about the effect on health of an appreciable hole in the springtime ozone layer over antarctica ( mckie & rycroft , 1988 ) .

Moreover , she goes on , these problems are accentuated by the complexities of modern surgery and the large number of high-risk patients being admitted for hitherto inoperable conditions , particularly the very young , the elderly debilitated patient , diabetic , cancer and transplant patients , the severely injured , the burned and those undergoing surgery .
moreover , she goes on , these problems are accentuated by the complexities of modern surgery and the large number of high-risk patients being admitted for hitherto inoperable [rules] , particularly the very young , the elderly debilitated patient , diabetic , cancer and transplant patients , the severely injured , the burned and those undergoing surgery .

Nurses should therefore discover from patients what meaning these words have for them , so that they can be sure that they and the patients are talking about the same conditions .
nurses should therefore discover from patients what meaning these words have for them , so that they can be sure that they and the patients are talking about the same [rules] .

Give too much and it may bring about the very conditions it is capable of curing ;  Through the like , disease is produced and through the application of the like it is cured  , said Hippocrates over 2000 years ago .
give too much and it may bring about the very [rules] it is capable of curing ;  through the like , disease is produced and through the application of the like it is cured  , said hippocrates over 2000 years ago .

This is why , as has been said earlier , conditions which more closely reflect the constitutional state of the person should only be treated by experienced therapists and not the well intentioned novice .
this is why , as has been said earlier , [rules] which more closely reflect the constitutional state of the person should only be treated by experienced therapists and not the well intentioned novice .

When it comes to the treatment of chronic and recurrent illnesses such as those listed in the section Conditions Requiring Constitutional Therapy on page 137 , the situation is quite different .
when it comes to the treatment of chronic and recurrent illnesses such as those listed in the section [rules] requiring constitutional therapy on page 137 , the situation is quite different .

Curative treatment for such conditions is quite beyond the scope of this book .
curative treatment for such [rules] is quite beyond the scope of this book .

Anyone requiring therapy for such conditions would be well advised to seek out an experienced practitioner in whichever constitutional therapy best suits their individual needs .
anyone requiring therapy for such [rules] would be well advised to seek out an experienced practitioner in whichever constitutional therapy best suits their individual needs .

Under the section of Abdominal Conditions it will be noticed that there are three lots of modalities .
under the section of abdominal [rules] it will be noticed that there are three lots of modalities .

This actually applies to any symptom , not just to mental conditions .
this actually applies to any symptom , not just to mental [rules] .

For the conditions described in this book it is the selection of the remedy that is of far greater importance than the specific potency used . As a general rule if the sick person requires a remedy and you only have it available in one potency then that is the correct potency no matter what it is !
for the [rules] described in this book it is the selection of the remedy that is of far greater importance than the specific potency used . as a general rule if the sick person requires a remedy and you only have it available in one potency then that is the correct potency no matter what it is !

> and >> indicate conditions under which the cough is improved and markedly improved
> and >> indicate [rules] under which the cough is improved and markedly improved

< and << indicate conditions which worsen and markedly worsen the cough
< and << indicate [rules] which worsen and markedly worsen the cough

See Conditions Requiring Constitutional Therapy on page 137 .
see [rules] requiring constitutional therapy on page 137 .

See Conditions Requiring Constitutional Therapy on page 137 .
see [rules] requiring constitutional therapy on page 137 .

See  Conditions Requiring Constitutional Therapy  on page 137 .
see  [rules] requiring constitutional therapy  on page 137 .

Also of use in old bums that do not resolve and if there are any ill effects of burns  other conditions that have developed from the burn itself or coincided with the burn though not apparently directly connected with it .
also of use in old bums that do not resolve and if there are any ill effects of burns  other [rules] that have developed from the burn itself or coincided with the burn though not apparently directly connected with it .

Has an affinity with soft tissue conditions .
has an affinity with soft tissue [rules] .

It has a strong affinity for fibrous tissues hence its use in conditions affecting joints , ligaments and the stage of healing when fibrous scar tissue is laid down after the initial inflammation has begun to settle .
it has a strong affinity for fibrous tissues hence its use in [rules] affecting joints , ligaments and the stage of healing when fibrous scar tissue is laid down after the initial inflammation has begun to settle .

It lacks the vitality to throw these conditions off ; it does not have the expulsive power of Ipecacuanha and the chest steadily fills up with mucus ; rattling breathing with the inability to raise phlegm .
it lacks the vitality to throw these [rules] off ; it does not have the expulsive power of ipecacuanha and the chest steadily fills up with mucus ; rattling breathing with the inability to raise phlegm .

Worse ( < ) heat or warm room is very marked , this affects both the local conditions , like pains and inflammations , and also the patient himself ; better ( > ) cold in any form , air , applications etc .
worse ( < ) heat or warm room is very marked , this affects both the local [rules] , like pains and inflammations , and also the patient himself ; better ( > ) cold in any form , air , applications etc .

Often needed in conditions where the skin is affected .
often needed in [rules] where the skin is affected .

In a child after scarlet fever or a suppressed ear discharge with sweating of the head , dilated pupils , rolling of the head , worse ( < ) at night , in such lingering febrile conditions Mercurius may be needed .
in a child after scarlet fever or a suppressed ear discharge with sweating of the head , dilated pupils , rolling of the head , worse ( < ) at night , in such lingering febrile [rules] mercurius may be needed .

Haemorrhages ; anaemia and relaxed conditions of muscles .
haemorrhages ; anaemia and relaxed [rules] of muscles .

Although many societal conditions heighten parents  struggle to rear psychologically healthy children , two are especially pernicious , aecting even parents who manage to escape the trials and tribulations of divorce , single parenthood , stepchildren , serious nancial worries , and other family stresses .
although many societal [rules] heighten parents  struggle to rear psychologically healthy children , two are especially pernicious , aecting even parents who manage to escape the trials and tribulations of divorce , single parenthood , stepchildren , serious nancial worries , and other family stresses .

Under these conditions , children often reap extra benets from more equitable involvement of both parents .
under these [rules] , children often reap extra benets from more equitable involvement of both parents .

In describing the close connection between brain growth and experience , I have used the expression  appropriate stimulation.  By this , I mean neither impoverished conditions nor excessive bombardment with sights and sounds but input that the child can absorb , as indicated by his or her approach , interest , and concentration .
in describing the close connection between brain growth and experience , i have used the expression  appropriate stimulation.  by this , i mean neither impoverished [rules] nor excessive bombardment with sights and sounds but input that the child can absorb , as indicated by his or her approach , interest , and concentration .

Excessive stimulation also causes them to withdraw as they try to shield themselves from a stimulus deluge , thereby creating conditions that , paradoxically , are much like stimulus deprivation ! 61 These ndings help us understand , from a brain-development perspective , the detrimental impact of excessive adult tutoring on young children , described earlier in this chapter .
excessive stimulation also causes them to withdraw as they try to shield themselves from a stimulus deluge , thereby creating [rules] that , paradoxically , are much like stimulus deprivation ! 61 these ndings help us understand , from a brain-development perspective , the detrimental impact of excessive adult tutoring on young children , described earlier in this chapter .

Under these conditions , heredity and environment act in concert to maintain the child  s fear , increasing the likelihood that it will translate into long-term adjustment diculties , such as excessive cautiousness , social withdrawal , loneliness , and ( by school age ) overwhelming anxiety in the face of academic challenges .
under these [rules] , heredity and environment act in concert to maintain the child  s fear , increasing the likelihood that it will translate into long-term adjustment diculties , such as excessive cautiousness , social withdrawal , loneliness , and ( by school age ) overwhelming anxiety in the face of academic challenges .

A common thread in research on the impact of stressful life events and conditions ( including poverty , divorce , abuse , community violence , and wartime trauma ) is that a close relationship with a parent , relative , or teacher who introduces aection , assistance , and order into the child  s life , fosters resiliencymastery of cognitive and social skills that enable the child to withstand and even overcome adversity .
a common thread in research on the impact of stressful life events and [rules] ( including poverty , divorce , abuse , community violence , and wartime trauma ) is that a close relationship with a parent , relative , or teacher who introduces aection , assistance , and order into the child  s life , fosters resiliencymastery of cognitive and social skills that enable the child to withstand and even overcome adversity .

These include one-sided , contradictory messages in the parenting-advice literature ; career pressures that impinge on parent involvement in children  s lives ; abysmally weak American child-care services to assist employed parents in their child-rearing roles ; cultural violence and excessive materialism permeating children  s worlds ; schools with less than optimal conditions for children  s learning ; and impediments to granting children with decits and disabilities social experiences that maximize their development .
these include one-sided , contradictory messages in the parenting-advice literature ; career pressures that impinge on parent involvement in children  s lives ; abysmally weak american child-care services to assist employed parents in their child-rearing roles ; cultural violence and excessive materialism permeating children  s worlds ; schools with less than optimal [rules] for children  s learning ; and impediments to granting children with decits and disabilities social experiences that maximize their development .

When parents do make an eort , preschoolers watch less TV , nd educational programs more appealing , and more often view shows with their parents.118 Parentchild co-viewing creates conditions in which adults can raise questions about the realism of televised information , assist children in making sense of the story line , and express disapproval of negative on-screen behavior and commercial messages , thereby teaching children to evaluate TV content rather than to accept it uncritically .
when parents do make an eort , preschoolers watch less tv , nd educational programs more appealing , and more often view shows with their parents.118 parentchild co-viewing creates [rules] in which adults can raise questions about the realism of televised information , assist children in making sense of the story line , and express disapproval of negative on-screen behavior and commercial messages , thereby teaching children to evaluate tv content rather than to accept it uncritically .

Between ages 3 and 4 , this detachment of make-believe symbols from the real-life conditions they stand for is well developed .
between ages 3 and 4 , this detachment of make-believe symbols from the real-life [rules] they stand for is well developed .

Imaginative play , Vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature  adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations.  10 In helping children disengage thought from reality , pretend play is vital preparation for the much later development of abstract thinking , in which symbols are manipulated and hypothetical ideas are evaluated without referring to currently existing , real world conditions .
imaginative play , vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature  adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations.  10 in helping children disengage thought from reality , pretend play is vital preparation for the much later development of abstract thinking , in which symbols are manipulated and hypothetical ideas are evaluated without referring to currently existing , real world [rules] .

Under what conditions are preschoolers most likely to display sustained attention ?
under what [rules] are preschoolers most likely to display sustained attention ?

Children in the two  play  conditions gave more hypothetical responses and also justied their answers with hypothetical ideasfor example , by saying  In the story , cats bark , so we can pretend they bark . 
children in the two  play  [rules] gave more hypothetical responses and also justied their answers with hypothetical ideasfor example , by saying  in the story , cats bark , so we can pretend they bark . 

It provided great flexibility in coping with fluctuations in style , season , and economic conditions ; at the same time , jobbers did not take on the substantial costs of plant , equipment , or employees that  inside shop  manufacturers did .
it provided great flexibility in coping with fluctuations in style , season , and economic [rules] ; at the same time , jobbers did not take on the substantial costs of plant , equipment , or employees that  inside shop  manufacturers did .

This system also separated and specialized the functions of production from the purchase of materials and the selling of finished productsdevelopments that greatly influence women  s and children  s apparel today , including the complexity of the regulation of labor conditions .
this system also separated and specialized the functions of production from the purchase of materials and the selling of finished productsdevelopments that greatly influence women  s and children  s apparel today , including the complexity of the regulation of labor [rules] .

In contrast , PBS provided apparel manufacturers with a means for improving labor productivity along with adaptability to day-to-day variations in shop-floor conditions .
in contrast , pbs provided apparel manufacturers with a means for improving labor productivity along with adaptability to day-to-day variations in shop-floor [rules] .

Employer resistance to unionization , arising from the highly competitive conditions in apparel markets and the significant percentage of total costs arising from labor , further compounded the problem .
employer resistance to unionization , arising from the highly competitive [rules] in apparel markets and the significant percentage of total costs arising from labor , further compounded the problem .

The unions drew on several different methods to standardize wages and conditions within the markets .
the unions drew on several different methods to standardize wages and [rules] within the markets .

Emphasizing the potential role of the union in this regard , ILGWU President Dubinsky commented on the difficult conditions of the 1920s :
emphasizing the potential role of the union in this regard , ilgwu president dubinsky commented on the difficult [rules] of the 1920s :

They had to pay decent wages and maintain decent conditions , but they also had to compete with the fly-by-nights and chiselers .
they had to pay decent wages and maintain decent [rules] , but they also had to compete with the fly-by-nights and chiselers .

They could not meet conditions if their competitors were free to ignore them .
they could not meet [rules] if their competitors were free to ignore them .

Employers who signed the major collective bargaining agreements with the ILGWU in the women  s industry ( primarily manufacturers ) not only agreed to abide by wage and working conditions for their own employees , they also pledged to use only contractors  designated or registered  with the union and the employer association.26 These contractors , in turn , agreed to abide by the terms laid out by the collective agreement .
employers who signed the major collective bargaining agreements with the ilgwu in the women  s industry ( primarily manufacturers ) not only agreed to abide by wage and working [rules] for their own employees , they also pledged to use only contractors  designated or registered  with the union and the employer association.26 these contractors , in turn , agreed to abide by the terms laid out by the collective agreement .

They weathered diverse competitive conditions ; they differed markedly in their capital structures , costs of entry and exit , size and scale of operations , the proportion of direct labor costs , unionization , geographic locations , and so on .
they weathered diverse competitive [rules] ; they differed markedly in their capital structures , costs of entry and exit , size and scale of operations , the proportion of direct labor costs , unionization , geographic locations , and so on .

As we have already noted , the general requirement for return on investment forces expensive capital equipment to be operated under more than single-shift conditions , unless it is essential to produce a given item .
as we have already noted , the general requirement for return on investment forces expensive capital equipment to be operated under more than single-shift [rules] , unless it is essential to produce a given item .

The actual making of custom jeans or any other item of custom apparel is slightly more complicated than making an equivalent item under standard production conditions .
the actual making of custom jeans or any other item of custom apparel is slightly more complicated than making an equivalent item under standard production [rules] .

Under these conditions , a marker will not be as efficient as the standard production markers shown in Figures 8.1 and 8.2 ( page 137 ) because the amount of cloth that can be saved for a single ply does not justify the time required to reach high levels of cloth utilization .
under these [rules] , a marker will not be as efficient as the standard production markers shown in figures 8.1 and 8.2 ( page 137 ) because the amount of cloth that can be saved for a single ply does not justify the time required to reach high levels of cloth utilization .

The conditions they toil under make a mockery of the already low American labor standardsthe most regressive among the advanced industrial nations .
the [rules] they toil under make a mockery of the already low american labor standardsthe most regressive among the advanced industrial nations .

At the turn of the last century , unsanitary conditions , in addition to low wages , long hours , and child labor , were the biggest concerns .
at the turn of the last century , unsanitary [rules] , in addition to low wages , long hours , and child labor , were the biggest concerns .

Labor conditions have deteriorated for a number of reasons : the decline in the coverage of collective bargaining agreements with their provisions for regulation of contract shops ; the difficulty of policing contributions for health and pension funds from employers in this sector ; the increase in immigrants , legal and illegal , concentrated in certain areas ; the intense competition from imports ; and the sharp drop in employment in apparel in some markets.23 Sweatshops , it seems , have always been with us .
labor [rules] have deteriorated for a number of reasons : the decline in the coverage of collective bargaining agreements with their provisions for regulation of contract shops ; the difficulty of policing contributions for health and pension funds from employers in this sector ; the increase in immigrants , legal and illegal , concentrated in certain areas ; the intense competition from imports ; and the sharp drop in employment in apparel in some markets.23 sweatshops , it seems , have always been with us .

What can be done to ameliorate sweatshop conditions in developing countries that produce and export half of the apparel purchased in this country ?
what can be done to ameliorate sweatshop [rules] in developing countries that produce and export half of the apparel purchased in this country ?

In general , the effectiveness of focusing public attention on sweatshops and poor labor conditions has been limited by the difficulty of keeping consumers , voters , students , or other groups working on this issue for sustained periods of time .
in general , the effectiveness of focusing public attention on sweatshops and poor labor [rules] has been limited by the difficulty of keeping consumers , voters , students , or other groups working on this issue for sustained periods of time .

The viability of collective bargaining as a means , once again , to regulate sweatshop conditions largely depends on the ability of UNITE !
the viability of collective bargaining as a means , once again , to regulate sweatshop [rules] largely depends on the ability of unite !

Well-building hath three conditions : Commoditie , Firmeness , and Delight . 
well-building hath three [rules] : commoditie , firmeness , and delight . 

The art of building requires judiciously balancing Wotton  s three conditions .
the art of building requires judiciously balancing wotton  s three [rules] .

The art of cooking , like the art of architecture , lies in knowing how to establish the appropriate relations between the three conditions .
the art of cooking , like the art of architecture , lies in knowing how to establish the appropriate relations between the three [rules] .

Richard Flores , both as an ethnographer and as a performer , presents a thorough analysis of the historical conditions that continue to provide an environment for the performance of Los Pastores as both ritual and drama .
richard flores , both as an ethnographer and as a performer , presents a thorough analysis of the historical [rules] that continue to provide an environment for the performance of los pastores as both ritual and drama .

Many of a child  s symptoms , as described by mothers , can be linked to medical conditions such as dehydration , which can occur from diarrhea .
many of a child  s symptoms , as described by mothers , can be linked to medical [rules] such as dehydration , which can occur from diarrhea .

Some Mexican Americans refer to this condition as a Mexican folk disease because American doctors may not recognize the medical conditions .
some mexican americans refer to this condition as a mexican folk disease because american doctors may not recognize the medical [rules] .

The ancient Israelites would spend forty years wandering in the desert before the passing of time would generate a new people , unaffected by the mentality of the  fleshpots of Egypt.  Modern political conditions rarely offer this luxury .
the ancient israelites would spend forty years wandering in the desert before the passing of time would generate a new people , unaffected by the mentality of the  fleshpots of egypt.  modern political [rules] rarely offer this luxury .

Harlan  s most devastating argument was that the courts had long assumed that Congress enjoyed a general legislative power to regulate the conditions of slavery .
harlan  s most devastating argument was that the courts had long assumed that congress enjoyed a general legislative power to regulate the [rules] of slavery .

Behind the nominal appearance of freedom lies a structure of influence , a set of conditions that influences people to make the choices they do .
behind the nominal appearance of freedom lies a structure of influence , a set of [rules] that influences people to make the choices they do .

Economic and social conditions can also lead people to enter into socially and economically oppressive relationships , abusive marriages , and postures of dependence on drugs and alcohol .
economic and social [rules] can also lead people to enter into socially and economically oppressive relationships , abusive marriages , and postures of dependence on drugs and alcohol .

This is especially true under market conditions , where the need for sustenance can drive people into relationships that they would not choose in and of themselves .
this is especially true under market [rules] , where the need for sustenance can drive people into relationships that they would not choose in and of themselves .

Under modern capitalism there are many conditions that render choices less than fully free .
under modern capitalism there are many [rules] that render choices less than fully free .

State the laws and the initial and boundary conditions , then calculate ; Newton taught us how to do science this way .
state the laws and the initial and boundary [rules] , then calculate ; newton taught us how to do science this way .

What if we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and calculate with Newton  s  method of fluxions ,  the calculus , from initial and boundary conditions and laws ?
what if we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and calculate with newton  s  method of fluxions ,  the calculus , from initial and boundary [rules] and laws ?

Spores can survive that long under desiccating conditions .
spores can survive that long under desiccating [rules] .

If this view is correct , and the kinetic conditions for rapid reactions can be sustained , perhaps by enclosure of such a reproducing system in a bounding membrane vesicle , also synthesized by the system , the emergence of self-reproducing molecular systems may be highly probable .
if this view is correct , and the kinetic [rules] for rapid reactions can be sustained , perhaps by enclosure of such a reproducing system in a bounding membrane vesicle , also synthesized by the system , the emergence of self-reproducing molecular systems may be highly probable .

If , as I will suggest , we can not prestate the configuration space , variables , laws , initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere , if we can not foretell a biosphere , we can , nevertheless , tell the stories as it unfolds .
if , as i will suggest , we can not prestate the configuration space , variables , laws , initial and boundary [rules] of a biosphere , if we can not foretell a biosphere , we can , nevertheless , tell the stories as it unfolds .

From what initial and boundary conditions would you , could you , start ?
from what initial and boundary [rules] would you , could you , start ?

Richard Palmer , a physicist at Duke University and the Santa Fe Institute , has commented to me that physics is used to distinguishing the initial and boundary conditions from the  laws.  In the evolution of a biosphere , the emergence of systems such as the genetic code and meiosis seems rather like the emergence of new laws .
richard palmer , a physicist at duke university and the santa fe institute , has commented to me that physics is used to distinguishing the initial and boundary [rules] from the  laws.  in the evolution of a biosphere , the emergence of systems such as the genetic code and meiosis seems rather like the emergence of new laws .

This has led Palmer to wonder whether the distinction between initial and boundary conditions and laws is really as clean as it appears in , say , Newtonian physics .
this has led palmer to wonder whether the distinction between initial and boundary [rules] and laws is really as clean as it appears in , say , newtonian physics .

Like other eVorts , we will find suYcient conditions but be hard pressed to find jointly necessary and suYcient conditions .
like other evorts , we will find suycient [rules] but be hard pressed to find jointly necessary and suycient [rules] .

We carve up the world in a variety of ways , Wittgenstein  s language games , that appear not to be reducible to one another in the strict sense of necessary and suYcient conditions .
we carve up the world in a variety of ways , wittgenstein  s language games , that appear not to be reducible to one another in the strict sense of necessary and suycient [rules] .

While statistical mechanics based on Newtonian forces yields a set of suYcient conditions , that statistical mechanics is not jointly necessary and suYcient .
while statistical mechanics based on newtonian forces yields a set of suycient [rules] , that statistical mechanics is not jointly necessary and suycient .

Even at the heart , where reduction is supposed to have taken place , there seems to be no finitely prestateable set of necessary and suYcient conditions on a lower level over a set of possible statistical mechanics that would jointly suYce for a reduction of classical thermodynamics .
even at the heart , where reduction is supposed to have taken place , there seems to be no finitely prestateable set of necessary and suycient [rules] on a lower level over a set of possible statistical mechanics that would jointly suyce for a reduction of classical thermodynamics .

There is a weaker sense of reductionism , namely the casting of an account of a higher-level object , concept , or phenomenon in terms of a suYcient , but not necessary and suYcient , set of conditions at a lower level .
there is a weaker sense of reductionism , namely the casting of an account of a higher-level object , concept , or phenomenon in terms of a suycient , but not necessary and suycient , set of [rules] at a lower level .

Rather , we observe the macroscopic properties , find lawful features of those properties , then attempt to link them to suYcient conditions in our quantum mechanical description of matter .
rather , we observe the macroscopic properties , find lawful features of those properties , then attempt to link them to suycient [rules] in our quantum mechanical description of matter .

Again , we can give several suYcient conditions , but apparently we can not finitely prespecify a set of necessary and suYcient conditions that would allow us to prespecify all the possible patterns of construction , constraint , and organization of physical processes and matter flows that would constitute an autonomous agent .
again , we can give several suycient [rules] , but apparently we can not finitely prespecify a set of necessary and suycient [rules] that would allow us to prespecify all the possible patterns of construction , constraint , and organization of physical processes and matter flows that would constitute an autonomous agent .

We can give suYcient , but not necessary and suYcient conditions , for all physical realizations of an autonomous agent , and we can check any specific candidate case .
we can give suycient , but not necessary and suycient [rules] , for all physical realizations of an autonomous agent , and we can check any specific candidate case .

Newtonian mechanics : Prestate the initial and boundary conditions , the particles and force laws , and with them the possible configuration space and calculate away .
newtonian mechanics : prestate the initial and boundary [rules] , the particles and force laws , and with them the possible configuration space and calculate away .

Too in general relativity : Given Einstein  s equations , prestate the initial and boundary conditions and seek solutions .
too in general relativity : given einstein  s equations , prestate the initial and boundary [rules] and seek solutions .

In quantum mechanics , one talks of specifying the classical conditions of the experiment , and thereby the configuration space of the quantum system , preparing an initial state , and using Schrdinger  s equation to propagate amplitudes for the entire future evolution in the configuration space for all conceivable observables .
in quantum mechanics , one talks of specifying the classical [rules] of the experiment , and thereby the configuration space of the quantum system , preparing an initial state , and using schrdinger  s equation to propagate amplitudes for the entire future evolution in the configuration space for all conceivable observables .

Dominant Mendelian gene , you see , easily selected once the right environmental conditions arose.  The propagating exapting biosphere is getting on with it , and it appears that we crucially need stories to do some of the telling of that getting on with it .
dominant mendelian gene , you see , easily selected once the right environmental [rules] arose.  the propagating exapting biosphere is getting on with it , and it appears that we crucially need stories to do some of the telling of that getting on with it .

In both cases , the puzzling conditions for the evolutionary cocreation and coassembly of increasing diversity are present .
in both cases , the puzzling [rules] for the evolutionary cocreation and coassembly of increasing diversity are present .

Then the conditions for a mutualism are possible .
then the [rules] for a mutualism are possible .

In due course , the conditions are met to begin construction of partial objects on the way to the entire chair .
in due course , the [rules] are met to begin construction of partial objects on the way to the entire chair .

The most interesting result is that , of the patterns , fall into eight mirror-symmetric pairs : Under some conditions , one set of genes increases in transcript abundance while a second set of genes decreases in transcript abundance .
the most interesting result is that , of the patterns , fall into eight mirror-symmetric pairs : under some [rules] , one set of genes increases in transcript abundance while a second set of genes decreases in transcript abundance .

Under other of the seven perturbing conditions , the roles are reversed , and the first set of genes decreases in transcript abundance while the second set increases in transcript abundance .
under other of the seven perturbing [rules] , the roles are reversed , and the first set of genes decreases in transcript abundance while the second set increases in transcript abundance .

What are the general conditions that allow such self-constructing nonequilibrium processes to flourish ?
what are the general [rules] that allow such self-constructing nonequilibrium processes to flourish ?

In general , it would begin to appear that as a higher diversity of entities come into existence entities that are then necessarily more complex their modes of being in nonequilibrium conditions increase in diversity and subtlety .
in general , it would begin to appear that as a higher diversity of entities come into existence entities that are then necessarily more complex their modes of being in nonequilibrium [rules] increase in diversity and subtlety .

In normal physics , say , college-level physics , all these specifications occur at the beginning of the problem , in the statement of the initial and boundary conditions .
in normal physics , say , college-level physics , all these specifications occur at the beginning of the problem , in the statement of the initial and boundary [rules] .

The puzzle of where the initial and boundary conditions come from , and the specific coupling of cue to ball , are  hidden  in the initial and boundary conditions of  the problem  and in how Newton taught us to calculate .
the puzzle of where the initial and boundary [rules] come from , and the specific coupling of cue to ball , are  hidden  in the initial and boundary [rules] of  the problem  and in how newton taught us to calculate .

In short , the problem of the organization of the process in any specific case of work is hidden from view in the initial and boundary conditions of the usual statement of the physical problem .
in short , the problem of the organization of the process in any specific case of work is hidden from view in the initial and boundary [rules] of the usual statement of the physical problem .

In eect , this choice is the choice of the  relevant  degrees of freedom , which is equivalent to the choice of the boundary conditions versus the dynamical variables of the system .
in eect , this choice is the choice of the  relevant  degrees of freedom , which is equivalent to the choice of the boundary [rules] versus the dynamical variables of the system .

An evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing initial and boundary conditions that constitute coevolving autonomous agents , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes extract work .
an evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing initial and boundary [rules] that constitute coevolving autonomous agents , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes extract work .

We will return in a subsequent chapter to ask if it makes sense to try to finitely prestate the initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere .
we will return in a subsequent chapter to ask if it makes sense to try to finitely prestate the initial and boundary [rules] of a biosphere .

I will claim that we can not finitely prespecify the configuration space of a biosphere , hence , we can not finitely prespecify the initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere .
i will claim that we can not finitely prespecify the configuration space of a biosphere , hence , we can not finitely prespecify the initial and boundary [rules] of a biosphere .

If so , then we can not hide the issue of the organization of work processes in a statement of the initial and boundary conditions of the biosphere .
if so , then we can not hide the issue of the organization of work processes in a statement of the initial and boundary [rules] of the biosphere .

Indeed , it seems important to wonder which conditions in a nonequilibrium universe would allow such propagating organization to proliferate .
indeed , it seems important to wonder which [rules] in a nonequilibrium universe would allow such propagating organization to proliferate .

If we synthesize autonomous agents in the next decades and they coevolve under our rapt gaze over months or years into a modestly complex ecosystem brimming with novel life forms , they too will know how to make a living in their mutually created world plus the boundary conditions we more or less intelligently impose on them .
if we synthesize autonomous agents in the next decades and they coevolve under our rapt gaze over months or years into a modestly complex ecosystem brimming with novel life forms , they too will know how to make a living in their mutually created world plus the boundary [rules] we more or less intelligently impose on them .

Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold , but we also can not even translate in the sense of necessary and sucient conditions from legal talk to normal intentional talk , let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description .
not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold , but we also can not even translate in the sense of necessary and sucient [rules] from legal talk to normal intentional talk , let alone from legal talk of henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description .

The problem , briefly , is that there appears to be no finitely prestatable set of conditions about sense data statements whose truth is logically equivalent to any statement about a real physical chair in a living room .
the problem , briefly , is that there appears to be no finitely prestatable set of [rules] about sense data statements whose truth is logically equivalent to any statement about a real physical chair in a living room .

The Brits had large numbers of steam pumps that were able to clear water from coal and iron mines , allowing miners to work under bad but relatively dry conditions and extract coal and iron more eVectively than could their French counterparts .
the brits had large numbers of steam pumps that were able to clear water from coal and iron mines , allowing miners to work under bad but relatively dry [rules] and extract coal and iron more evectively than could their french counterparts .

In fact , under appropriate experimental conditions , this positive feedback coupling can cause the glycolytic pathway to undergo sustained temporal oscillations in the concentrations of the glycolytic metabolites .
in fact , under appropriate experimental [rules] , this positive feedback coupling can cause the glycolytic pathway to undergo sustained temporal oscillations in the concentrations of the glycolytic metabolites .

The chemical reaction network occurs under  chemostat  conditions .
the chemical reaction network occurs under  chemostat  [rules] .

Imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws ( thereby the initial and boundary conditions are specified ) , where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change , as does the spin network , and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given , perhaps new , fundamental amplitude laws .
imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws ( thereby the initial and boundary [rules] are specified ) , where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change , as does the spin network , and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given , perhaps new , fundamental amplitude laws .

Along the eastern coastline are several fine beaches with perfect windsurfing conditions in their wide , shallow bays .
along the eastern coastline are several fine beaches with perfect windsurfing [rules] in their wide , shallow bays .

During the last one hundred years a large percentage of the population , tired of fighting the hard economic conditions , immigrated to the United States .
during the last one hundred years a large percentage of the population , tired of fighting the hard economic [rules] , immigrated to the united states .

The beaches of Samos provide some of the best conditions for windsurfing in the Aegean , particularly on the western coast .
the beaches of samos provide some of the best [rules] for windsurfing in the aegean , particularly on the western coast .

It is said that one of the conditions of her bequest to the National Trust was that Herdwick sheep must always be bred on her farms .
it is said that one of the [rules] of her bequest to the national trust was that herdwick sheep must always be bred on her farms .

Always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you depart .
always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road [rules] are good before you depart .

The coffee plantations lie in the humid heights , where soil conditions and the slow growing process ( five years from germination to harvesting ) produce a fine crop with a high yield .
the coffee plantations lie in the humid heights , where soil [rules] and the slow growing process ( five years from germination to harvesting ) produce a fine crop with a high yield .

Around the Island Sightseers have their choice of taxi or rental vehicles , including the ubiquitous Minimoke and beach buggy , ideal for local conditions .
around the island sightseers have their choice of taxi or rental vehicles , including the ubiquitous minimoke and beach buggy , ideal for local [rules] .

There are also windsurfing ( boardsailing ) schools , and you can find boards to hire and conditions to suit everyone .
there are also windsurfing ( boardsailing ) schools , and you can find boards to hire and [rules] to suit everyone .

Prisoners , soldiers , and the soldiers  families endured the same harsh conditions .
prisoners , soldiers , and the soldiers  families endured the same harsh [rules] .

Later they were often home to many large families , rife with overcrowding and unsanitary conditions .
later they were often home to many large families , rife with overcrowding and unsanitary [rules] .

Conditions are good , with average visibility on calm days of 10 metres ( 33 feet ) .
[rules] are good , with average visibility on calm days of 10 metres ( 33 feet ) .

Be warned that the work is often hard , the conditions spartan , and the financial reward nonexistent ; but the satisfaction can be immense .
be warned that the work is often hard , the [rules] spartan , and the financial reward nonexistent ; but the satisfaction can be immense .

Swimming conditions vary enormously on all the islands .
swimming [rules] vary enormously on all the islands .

Still there was little change in conditions for the black majority , who had no economic or political power .
still there was little change in [rules] for the black majority , who had no economic or political power .

The new factories created an urban working class clamoring for improvement of its miserable working and living conditions .
the new factories created an urban working class clamoring for improvement of its miserable working and living [rules] .

On a more sentimental note , Italy  s Lake District at the foot of the Lombardy Alps  its major lakes are Como , Garda and Maggiore  is the perfect setting for mending broken hearts , breaking mended hearts , and all romantic conditions in between .
on a more sentimental note , italy  s lake district at the foot of the lombardy alps  its major lakes are como , garda and maggiore  is the perfect setting for mending broken hearts , breaking mended hearts , and all romantic [rules] in between .

It was in fact the nucleus of a utopian city conceived by Claude-Nicolas Ledoux , who had the outlandish idea of making working conditions for the salt-laborers pleasant .
it was in fact the nucleus of a utopian city conceived by claude-nicolas ledoux , who had the outlandish idea of making working [rules] for the salt-laborers pleasant .

The windswept , desolate coastline frequently recalls the stormy conditions that prevented the Americans from setting up their own artificial harbor to land their equipment .
the windswept , desolate coastline frequently recalls the stormy [rules] that prevented the americans from setting up their own artificial harbor to land their equipment .

Warm clothing and hiking boots are essential , though , and in winter bear in mind that conditions on the mountains can be hazardous , with landslides removing parts of the path .
warm clothing and hiking boots are essential , though , and in winter bear in mind that [rules] on the mountains can be hazardous , with landslides removing parts of the path .

Check weather conditions from the tourist information office in Funchal , then double-check at the pousada when you get there .
check weather [rules] from the tourist information office in funchal , then double-check at the pousada when you get there .

The country  s first 20 years were consumed with the struggle to house , feed , and educate the new arrivals , despite austere economic conditions and the constant threat of military attack from neighboring countries .
the country  s first 20 years were consumed with the struggle to house , feed , and educate the new arrivals , despite austere economic [rules] and the constant threat of military attack from neighboring countries .

They were stored in cylindrical pottery jars and kept perfectly preserved in the almost moisture-free conditions of the caves .
they were stored in cylindrical pottery jars and kept perfectly preserved in the almost moisture-free [rules] of the caves .

Trading conditions , however , were not easy .
trading [rules] , however , were not easy .

Conditions in the colony in the 19th century , however , did not favor the Chinese population .
[rules] in the colony in the 19th century , however , did not favor the chinese population .

Conditions are particularly strong on the west coast of Paros , where the World Windsurfing Championships are held every year .
[rules] are particularly strong on the west coast of paros , where the world windsurfing championships are held every year .

You can also find good offshore conditions at Naxos , Samos , and Kos .
you can also find good offshore [rules] at naxos , samos , and kos .

Conditions of water pollution vary from year to year , but observe the general rule of thumb of avoiding a dip in the immediate vicinity of major industrialized port cities : Genoa , Naples , and Palermo .
[rules] of water pollution vary from year to year , but observe the general rule of thumb of avoiding a dip in the immediate vicinity of major industrialized port cities : genoa , naples , and palermo .

The fire provided the soil with a rich ash fertilizer , which complemented the luxuriant growing conditions of tropical sun and plentiful water .
the fire provided the soil with a rich ash fertilizer , which complemented the luxuriant growing [rules] of tropical sun and plentiful water .

The unique geological conditions that formed Bermuda created a number of cave systems .
the unique geological [rules] that formed bermuda created a number of cave systems .

The beaches on the western coast of Cozumel offer crystal-clear , warm water with generally benign conditions and a range of facilities such as restaurants , rest rooms , and lockers .
the beaches on the western coast of cozumel offer crystal-clear , warm water with generally benign [rules] and a range of facilities such as restaurants , rest rooms , and lockers .

Don  t expect to be able to surf in the south and east , however ; because conditions there are not as favorable .
don  t expect to be able to surf in the south and east , however ; because [rules] there are not as favorable .

This uninhabited island off the west coast offers pristine conditions for diving and snorkeling .
this uninhabited island off the west coast offers pristine [rules] for diving and snorkeling .

Begin at the Furnace Creek Visitor Center , where you can pick up maps and information on the road conditions , hiking trails , and general desert safety .
begin at the furnace creek visitor center , where you can pick up maps and information on the road [rules] , hiking trails , and general desert safety .

Information on the conditions of roads and slopes can be obtained from the Associaci Catalana d  Estacions d  Esqu ( Tel .
information on the [rules] of roads and slopes can be obtained from the associaci catalana d  estacions d  esqu ( tel .

Flags are used at all beaches to advise swimmers of sea conditions : a green flag means the sea is safe for swimming , while a red flag warns of danger .
flags are used at all beaches to advise swimmers of sea [rules] : a green flag means the sea is safe for swimming , while a red flag warns of danger .

The road climbs steeply into dense vegetation and cooler air before you see signs for the hacienda ; the climate and environmental conditions here were ideal for the coffee that the plantation began to grow more than 150 years ago .
the road climbs steeply into dense vegetation and cooler air before you see signs for the hacienda ; the climate and environmental [rules] here were ideal for the coffee that the plantation began to grow more than 150 years ago .

In 1724 , the Bienville enacted the Code Noir ( Black Code ) , which regulated the conditions of slavery and the rights of free blacks .
in 1724 , the bienville enacted the code noir ( black code ) , which regulated the [rules] of slavery and the rights of free blacks .

One was John McDonogh , who elevated conditions for the ordinary people of the city .
one was john mcdonogh , who elevated [rules] for the ordinary people of the city .

Local conditions were exploited with traditional French ingenuity .
local [rules] were exploited with traditional french ingenuity .

The mild climate and generally easy living have given them the leisure to develop artistic talents less apparent among native peoples and Inuit facing harsher conditions .
the mild climate and generally easy living have given them the leisure to develop artistic talents less apparent among native peoples and inuit facing harsher [rules] .

This somehow allowed the plants to resist adverse weather conditions and even the grape plague , phylloxera , that decimated vines all over Europe in the second half of the 19th century .
this somehow allowed the plants to resist adverse weather [rules] and even the grape plague , phylloxera , that decimated vines all over europe in the second half of the 19th century .

Exhibits also show how horrendous were the living conditions endured by her crew of 450 .
exhibits also show how horrendous were the living [rules] endured by her crew of 450 .

The conditions here offer quite a contrast to the west , with the waves of the Caribbean lashing against limestone rocks , and the low vegetation leaning inward , blown by the sea breezes .
the [rules] here offer quite a contrast to the west , with the waves of the caribbean lashing against limestone rocks , and the low vegetation leaning inward , blown by the sea breezes .

The zoo is popular with local children , but most foreign visitors find the facilities too antiquated and its conditions poor .
the zoo is popular with local children , but most foreign visitors find the facilities too antiquated and its [rules] poor .

In 1407 the Emperor Yongle ordered a search for a suitable burial place with auspicious  wind and water  conditions , as well as appropriate grandeur .
in 1407 the emperor yongle ordered a search for a suitable burial place with auspicious  wind and water  [rules] , as well as appropriate grandeur .

The climatic conditions of China  s  oven  are nevertheless hostile to humans .
the climatic [rules] of china  s  oven  are nevertheless hostile to humans .

In the wake of the 1848 revolts in Paris and Vienna , demonstrations which were held to protest working and living conditions in Berlin were crushed by the Prussian cavalry , leaving 230 dead .
in the wake of the 1848 revolts in paris and vienna , demonstrations which were held to protest working and living [rules] in berlin were crushed by the prussian cavalry , leaving 230 dead .

Discontent with the living conditions in East Berlin first erupted into open revolt on 17 June 1953 .
discontent with the living [rules] in east berlin first erupted into open revolt on 17 june 1953 .

The line , which linked up with the Union Pacific at Promontory , Utah , in 1869 , was built under the most hazardous conditions , using poorly paid Chinese laborers who sometimes worked suspended in wicker baskets over sheer cliffs to hack a tenuous cutting through the steep passes of the Sierras .
the line , which linked up with the union pacific at promontory , utah , in 1869 , was built under the most hazardous [rules] , using poorly paid chinese laborers who sometimes worked suspended in wicker baskets over sheer cliffs to hack a tenuous cutting through the steep passes of the sierras .

When the tide or sea conditions don  t suit , there is usually a pool .
when the tide or sea [rules] don  t suit , there is usually a pool .

Conditions are not ideal for beginners , though .
[rules] are not ideal for beginners , though .

Children will , of course , revel in the hotel pools and the beaches , the slides at the Waterbom park in Tuban , and when the conditions are right , they can learn to snorkel , sail , and windsurf  but think about their safety .
children will , of course , revel in the hotel pools and the beaches , the slides at the waterbom park in tuban , and when the [rules] are right , they can learn to snorkel , sail , and windsurf  but think about their safety .

Continue over to the King  s Bastion , the military barracks where living conditions show the kind of stark contrast that nurtured enough discontent to cause a mutiny in that year of 1744 .
continue over to the king  s bastion , the military barracks where living [rules] show the kind of stark contrast that nurtured enough discontent to cause a mutiny in that year of 1744 .

Despite benign conditions and ample food , there were few visitors , and those who landed did so usually because they were shipwrecked .
despite benign [rules] and ample food , there were few visitors , and those who landed did so usually because they were shipwrecked .

Surfing : A few beaches have the right conditions for surfing .
surfing : a few beaches have the right [rules] for surfing .

Swimming : There are many safe family beaches at all the major resorts , where breakwaters have created lagoon-like conditions .
swimming : there are many safe family beaches at all the major resorts , where breakwaters have created lagoon-like [rules] .

Angling conditions are generally best in the winter from October to mid-January .
angling [rules] are generally best in the winter from october to mid-january .

Because of pollution along the Estoril Coast , you should not swim any closer to Lisbon than at Estoril itself , which has been granted an EU blue flag ( for safe conditions ) .
because of pollution along the estoril coast , you should not swim any closer to lisbon than at estoril itself , which has been granted an eu blue flag ( for safe [rules] ) .

There are walkways down to a lagoon enclosed by menacing rocks , and if weather conditions are calm , this open-air grotto is a paradise for snorkelers .
there are walkways down to a lagoon enclosed by menacing rocks , and if weather [rules] are calm , this open-air grotto is a paradise for snorkelers .

Each spring , provided that weather conditions are favorable , it becomes a home to flamingos .
each spring , provided that weather [rules] are favorable , it becomes a home to flamingos .

These can be found all around the outer reef , but expert local help is needed to pinpoint the best spots , weather , water conditions , and times of year for each fish species .
these can be found all around the outer reef , but expert local help is needed to pinpoint the best spots , weather , water [rules] , and times of year for each fish species .

Initially , the regime was harsh , with fear and ignorance causing victims to be treated more like criminals than patients ; however , conditions improved over the years until the colony was disbanded in 1957 .
initially , the regime was harsh , with fear and ignorance causing victims to be treated more like criminals than patients ; however , [rules] improved over the years until the colony was disbanded in 1957 .

Only in the mild conditions of summer , when the torrent turns to a trickle , are people allowed to follow its path .
only in the mild [rules] of summer , when the torrent turns to a trickle , are people allowed to follow its path .

The Spanish nation gradually healed its wounds , though conditions in the country were difficult and life was far from easy .
the spanish nation gradually healed its wounds , though [rules] in the country were difficult and life was far from easy .

Rental rules scarce in rural Iowa By JASON CLAYWORTHRegister Staff Writer 05/14/2002 Thousands of Iowans who live in mobile homes face increasingly unsafe conditions because no laws exist to govern how landlords care for property outside city limits , advocates say .
rental rules scarce in rural iowa by jason clayworthregister staff writer 05/14/2002 thousands of iowans who live in mobile homes face increasingly unsafe [rules] because no laws exist to govern how landlords care for property outside city limits , advocates say .

Tenants of mobile home parks often feel forced to move when conditions become intolerable .
tenants of mobile home parks often feel forced to move when [rules] become intolerable .

They are victims of domestic violence , single moms trying to navigate the regulatory maze that strangles their efforts to move from dependency to self-sufficiency , foster children who are maltreated , migrant and seasonal farm workers who are not paid or are forced to work in unsafe and unsanitary conditions .
they are victims of domestic violence , single moms trying to navigate the regulatory maze that strangles their efforts to move from dependency to self-sufficiency , foster children who are maltreated , migrant and seasonal farm workers who are not paid or are forced to work in unsafe and unsanitary [rules] .

One of the plaintiffs , Joan Tate , who is disabled , was forced to move into a federally subsidized rental housing in May because of `` increasingly uninhabitable conditions in the park , '' the suit said .
one of the plaintiffs , joan tate , who is disabled , was forced to move into a federally subsidized rental housing in may because of `` increasingly uninhabitable [rules] in the park , '' the suit said .

Cases involving collection of wages , wrongful discharge , discrimination and unsafe working conditions have become conspicuous as Oregonians struggle against a vicious economic undertow .
cases involving collection of wages , wrongful discharge , discrimination and unsafe working [rules] have become conspicuous as oregonians struggle against a vicious economic undertow .

They have contended with difficult working conditions as demand for Legal Aid 's services is on the rise because of Sept. 11 and the deteriorating economy .
they have contended with difficult working [rules] as demand for legal aid 's services is on the rise because of sept. 11 and the deteriorating economy .

In a class action that concluded in a settlement at the end of 2000 , he succeeded in changing the oppressive conditions of confinement in Philadelphia 's prisons .
in a class action that concluded in a settlement at the end of 2000 , he succeeded in changing the oppressive [rules] of confinement in philadelphia 's prisons .

Common issues range from wage claims to poor working conditions to sexual harassment .
common issues range from wage claims to poor working [rules] to sexual harassment .

Studies suggest that physicians can opportunistically capitalize on the motivating effects of acute injuries or medical conditions that require emergency care to convince patients of the need for behavior change.2 This process may identify patients who have not yet developed severe dependence , thereby pre-venting the development of more intractable stages of alcoholism .
studies suggest that physicians can opportunistically capitalize on the motivating effects of acute injuries or medical [rules] that require emergency care to convince patients of the need for behavior change.2 this process may identify patients who have not yet developed severe dependence , thereby pre-venting the development of more intractable stages of alcoholism .

Stephen Hargarten said that screening for alcohol applies not only to the potential for interventions , but also to the patient 's overall quality of care , including safety from injury due to alcohol impairment or from alcohol withdrawal during the acute phase of treatment for medical or surgical conditions .
stephen hargarten said that screening for alcohol applies not only to the potential for interventions , but also to the patient 's overall quality of care , including safety from injury due to alcohol impairment or from alcohol withdrawal during the acute phase of treatment for medical or surgical [rules] .

Carlo C. DiClemente , PhD* Carl Soderstrom , MD Excessive alcohol consumption plays an important role in many of the medical conditions , accidents , and injuries that cause visits to emergency departments and trauma centers .
carlo c. diclemente , phd* carl soderstrom , md excessive alcohol consumption plays an important role in many of the medical [rules] , accidents , and injuries that cause visits to emergency departments and trauma centers .

This attribution may be less endorsed with medical conditions such as liver disease or pancreatitis .
this attribution may be less endorsed with medical [rules] such as liver disease or pancreatitis .

Several studies have documented consumption changes not only in the intervention condition but also in the minimal intervention control groups.18,19 However , changes in alcohol consumption are often not sustained among participants in control conditions .
several studies have documented consumption changes not only in the intervention condition but also in the minimal intervention control groups.18,19 however , changes in alcohol consumption are often not sustained among participants in control [rules] .

On the other hand , the fast pace of the ED may play a role in why providers find it difficult to address alcohol issues at all , particularly for those patients who do not present in the ED with problems or conditions clearly linked to alcohol consumption .
on the other hand , the fast pace of the ed may play a role in why providers find it difficult to address alcohol issues at all , particularly for those patients who do not present in the ed with problems or [rules] clearly linked to alcohol consumption .

We will have to change our thinking and consider the many conditions for which we could intervene .
we will have to change our thinking and consider the many [rules] for which we could intervene .

He added that broad screening would identify people with medical conditions as well .
he added that broad screening would identify people with medical [rules] as well .

He felt that it would be a mistake to open this set of research recommendations with a recommendation that included screening for withdrawal or other conditions .
he felt that it would be a mistake to open this set of research recommendations with a recommendation that included screening for withdrawal or other [rules] .

Fiellin reflected on increasing information about the biological basis for addictive disorders , the increasing effectiveness of pharmacotherapy , and the fact that we are trying look at these disorders the same way we look at chronic medical conditions like hypertension and diabetes .
fiellin reflected on increasing information about the biological basis for addictive disorders , the increasing effectiveness of pharmacotherapy , and the fact that we are trying look at these disorders the same way we look at chronic medical [rules] like hypertension and diabetes .

Safe and healthy work environment : Senior executives can provide employees with safe , secure , and healthful work conditions to ensure that the workspace is conducive to effective performance .
safe and healthy work environment : senior executives can provide employees with safe , secure , and healthful work [rules] to ensure that the workspace is conducive to effective performance .

Part of the decline may have been due to general market conditions , but it 's doubtful that all of it was .
part of the decline may have been due to general market [rules] , but it 's doubtful that all of it was .

Although some have argued that stock option re-loads and re-pricing were necessary to keep their executives , I wonder how many of these executives wanted to give up options or raise the strike price of their options when general market conditions were causing all boats to rise ?
although some have argued that stock option re-loads and re-pricing were necessary to keep their executives , i wonder how many of these executives wanted to give up options or raise the strike price of their options when general market [rules] were causing all boats to rise ?

In addition , because governmental , economic , industry , regulatory , and operating conditions continually change , risk assessments should be periodically updated to identify and deal with any special risks prompted by such changes .
in addition , because governmental , economic , industry , regulatory , and operating [rules] continually change , risk assessments should be periodically updated to identify and deal with any special risks prompted by such changes .

Workers are considered disabled if they have severe physical or mental conditions that prevent them from engaging in substantial gainful activity .
workers are considered disabled if they have severe physical or mental [rules] that prevent them from engaging in substantial gainful activity .

For example , FEMA public assistance coordinators are on-site at the disaster or emergency to observe the conditions and to coordinate public assistance .
for example , fema public assistance coordinators are on-site at the disaster or emergency to observe the [rules] and to coordinate public assistance .

In April 2000 , the airport surveillance radar at Boston 's Logan Airport was ripped from its mounting pedestal during severe weather conditions , severely reducing the number of flights in and out of Logan Airport .
in april 2000 , the airport surveillance radar at boston 's logan airport was ripped from its mounting pedestal during severe weather [rules] , severely reducing the number of flights in and out of logan airport .

Social insurance taxes and contributions paid by Federal employees.39 -- Federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as Social Security40 and Medicare under the same terms and conditions as the remainder of the covered population .
social insurance taxes and contributions paid by federal employees.39 -- federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as social security40 and medicare under the same terms and [rules] as the remainder of the covered population .

Insofar as the social insurance program applies to employees of the United States government , the terms and conditions are generally the same as the program for private employees .
insofar as the social insurance program applies to employees of the united states government , the terms and [rules] are generally the same as the program for private employees .

Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs.61 -- Federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as Social Security62 and Medicare under the same terms and conditions as the rest of the covered population .
employer entity contributions to social insurance programs.61 -- federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as social security62 and medicare under the same terms and [rules] as the rest of the covered population .

Insofar as the social insurance program applies to Federal employees , the terms and conditions are generally the same as the program for private employees .
insofar as the social insurance program applies to federal employees , the terms and [rules] are generally the same as the program for private employees .

Financial condition allows an assessment of an entity on the basis of additional data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current conditions .
financial condition allows an assessment of an entity on the basis of additional data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current [rules] .

These requirements are flexible since different conditions may be considered acceptable by different entities , as well as for different items of PP & E held by the same entity .
these requirements are flexible since different [rules] may be considered acceptable by different entities , as well as for different items of pp & e held by the same entity .

ACTUARIAL LIABILITY - A liability based on statistical calculations and actuarial assumptions ( actuarial assumptions are conditions used to resolve uncertainties in the absence of information concerning future events affecting insurance , pension expenses , etc . ) .
actuarial liability - a liability based on statistical calculations and actuarial assumptions ( actuarial assumptions are [rules] used to resolve uncertainties in the absence of information concerning future events affecting insurance , pension expenses , etc . ) .

Some authorities use terms like `` impact , '' `` effect , '' or `` results '' to distinguish the change in outcomes specifically caused by the Government activity from the total change in conditions that can be caused by many factors .
some authorities use terms like `` impact , '' `` effect , '' or `` results '' to distinguish the change in outcomes specifically caused by the government activity from the total change in [rules] that can be caused by many factors .

RECOGNIZE - To determine the amount , timing , classification , and other conditions precedent to the acceptance and entry of a transaction .
recognize - to determine the amount , timing , classification , and other [rules] precedent to the acceptance and entry of a transaction .

Because of its power to create and fund programs , the involvement of Congress is indispensable to defining each agency 's mission and establishing its goals.8 This may entail identifying legislative changes that are needed to clarify or modify Congress ' intent and expectations or to address differing conditions and citizens ' needs that have occurred since the initial statutory requirements were established .
because of its power to create and fund programs , the involvement of congress is indispensable to defining each agency 's mission and establishing its goals.8 this may entail identifying legislative changes that are needed to clarify or modify congress ' intent and expectations or to address differing [rules] and citizens ' needs that have occurred since the initial statutory requirements were established .

Section 3 : Deciding If a Data Reliability Assessment Is Necessary To decide if a data reliability assessment is necessary , you should consider certain conditions .
section 3 : deciding if a data reliability assessment is necessary to decide if a data reliability assessment is necessary , you should consider certain [rules] .

Conditions Requiring a Data Reliability Assessment You should assess reliability if the data to be analyzed are intended to support the engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations .
[rules] requiring a data reliability assessment you should assess reliability if the data to be analyzed are intended to support the engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations .

Conditions Not Requiring a Data Reliability Assessment You do not need to assess reliability if the data are used ( 1 ) only as background information or ( 2 ) in documents without findings , conclusions , or recommendations .
[rules] not requiring a data reliability assessment you do not need to assess reliability if the data are used ( 1 ) only as background information or ( 2 ) in documents without findings , conclusions , or recommendations .

To do a risk assessment , consider the following risk conditions :
to do a risk assessment , consider the following risk [rules] :

Bear in mind that any one of the conditions may have more importance than another , depending on the engagement .
bear in mind that any one of the [rules] may have more importance than another , depending on the engagement .

It generally requires specialized computer programs to test for specific conditions in the data .
it generally requires specialized computer programs to test for specific [rules] in the data .

Educating users on the terminology of internal control reporting , such as reportable conditions , was also urged so that the users and capital markets do not over react in interpreting the internal control reports .
educating users on the terminology of internal control reporting , such as reportable [rules] , was also urged so that the users and capital markets do not over react in interpreting the internal control reports .

For example , investors do not understand terminology such as `` reportable conditions , '' 8 which could result in investors over- or under-reacting to problems .
for example , investors do not understand terminology such as `` reportable [rules] , '' 8 which could result in investors over- or under-reacting to problems .

Based on that guidance , fast pay is currently subject to a limitation of $ 25,000 per invoice and the following conditions : ( 1 ) geographical separation and lack of communication facilities make it impractical to make timely payments based on evidence of acceptance , ( 2 ) suppliers who will be paid under the procedure have agreed to repair , correct , or replace goods or services not conforming to requirements , and ( 3 ) and it is limited to suppliers who have had and continue to have a good ongoing business relationship with the agency .
based on that guidance , fast pay is currently subject to a limitation of $ 25,000 per invoice and the following [rules] : ( 1 ) geographical separation and lack of communication facilities make it impractical to make timely payments based on evidence of acceptance , ( 2 ) suppliers who will be paid under the procedure have agreed to repair , correct , or replace goods or services not conforming to requirements , and ( 3 ) and it is limited to suppliers who have had and continue to have a good ongoing business relationship with the agency .

The group market provisions of HIPAA create concurrent jurisdiction for the Secretaries of Health and Human Services , Labor , and Treasury and include rules relating to preexisting conditions exclusions , special enrollment rights , and prohibition of discrimination against individuals based on health statusrelated factors .
the group market provisions of hipaa create concurrent jurisdiction for the secretaries of health and human services , labor , and treasury and include rules relating to preexisting [rules] exclusions , special enrollment rights , and prohibition of discrimination against individuals based on health statusrelated factors .

For group health plans coverage under these rules , the Departments cite estimates formulated by the Congressional Budget Office which shows the initial yearly cost ( direct cost to the private sector ) to be $ 50 million with 300,000 people covered and $ 200 million in subsequent years for limiting the length of preexisting conditions exclusions to 12 months .
for group health plans coverage under these rules , the departments cite estimates formulated by the congressional budget office which shows the initial yearly cost ( direct cost to the private sector ) to be $ 50 million with 300,000 people covered and $ 200 million in subsequent years for limiting the length of preexisting [rules] exclusions to 12 months .

The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service is amending the regulations concerning the importation of animal products to allow , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the State of Sonora , Mexico .
the animal and plant health inspection service is amending the regulations concerning the importation of animal products to allow , under certain [rules] , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the state of sonora , mexico .

APHIS did determine , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the State of Sonora , Mexico , into the United States could be issued as a final rule at this time .
aphis did determine , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain [rules] , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the state of sonora , mexico , into the united states could be issued as a final rule at this time .

The alternatives included ( 1 ) not lifting the current importation restrictions for the State of Sonora and ( 2 ) allowing importation under either less or more stringent mitigating conditions .
the alternatives included ( 1 ) not lifting the current importation restrictions for the state of sonora and ( 2 ) allowing importation under either less or more stringent mitigating [rules] .

APHIS rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of hog cholera into the United States and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .
aphis rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of hog cholera into the united states and that more stringent mitigating [rules] would be unnecessarily restrictive .

These tools are ( 1 ) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable , sustainable , and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and ( 2 ) product tests in operational conditions that ensure the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of maintenance for predictable intervals .
these tools are ( 1 ) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable , sustainable , and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and ( 2 ) product tests in operational [rules] that ensure the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of maintenance for predictable intervals .

The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service is amending the regulations concerning the importation of animal products to allow , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from Argentina .
the animal and plant health inspection service is amending the regulations concerning the importation of animal products to allow , under certain [rules] , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from argentina .

APHIS did determine , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from Argentina into the United States could be issued as a final rule at this time .
aphis did determine , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain [rules] , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from argentina into the united states could be issued as a final rule at this time .

The alternatives included ( 1 ) not lifting the current importation restrictions for beef from Argentina and ( 2 ) allowing importation under either less or more stringent conditions than those adopted in the rule .
the alternatives included ( 1 ) not lifting the current importation restrictions for beef from argentina and ( 2 ) allowing importation under either less or more stringent [rules] than those adopted in the rule .

APHIS rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of beef from Argentina under certain conditions and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the United States .
aphis rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of beef from argentina under certain [rules] and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the united states .

APHIS rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of foot and mouth disease into the United States and that more stringent mitigating conditions would be unnecessarily restrictive .
aphis rejected the second alternative because it believed that less stringent mitigating measures than the ones proposed would increase the risk of the introduction of foot and mouth disease into the united states and that more stringent mitigating [rules] would be unnecessarily restrictive .

Our analysis helped the Congress reduce the final fiscal year 2000 appropriation request for the F-22 by about $ 552 million and to identify conditions that should be met before the Department of Defense could begin full production .
our analysis helped the congress reduce the final fiscal year 2000 appropriation request for the f-22 by about $ 552 million and to identify [rules] that should be met before the department of defense could begin full production .

It describes our role and mission in the federal government ; the core values that guide our work ; the trends , conditions , and external factors underlying our plan ; and our goals , objectives , and strategies for serving the Congress .
it describes our role and mission in the federal government ; the core values that guide our work ; the trends , [rules] , and external factors underlying our plan ; and our goals , objectives , and strategies for serving the congress .

CONSIDERING THE RESULTS OF PREVIOUS AUDITS 4.14 An additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable conditions , identified in previous audits reports that relate to the objectives of the audit being undertaken .
considering the results of previous audits 4.14 an additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable [rules] , identified in previous audits reports that relate to the objectives of the audit being undertaken .

In presenting the results of those tests , auditors should report fraud , illegal acts , other material noncompliance , and reportable conditions in internal control over financial reporting .
in presenting the results of those tests , auditors should report fraud , illegal acts , other material noncompliance , and reportable [rules] in internal control over financial reporting .

Scope of Compliance and Internal Control Work 5.10 Auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and regulations and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and regulations or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are providing such opinions.3 REPORTING DEFICIENCIES IN INTERNAL CONTROL 5.11 The additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should report significant deficiencies in internal control considered to be reportable conditions as defined in AICPA standards .
scope of compliance and internal control work 5.10 auditors should report the scope of their testing of compliance with laws and regulations and of internal control over financial reporting , including whether or not the tests they performed provided sufficient evidence to support an opinion on compliance with laws and regulations or internal control over financial reporting and whether the auditors are providing such opinions.3 reporting deficiencies in internal control 5.11 the additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should report significant deficiencies in internal control considered to be reportable [rules] as defined in aicpa standards .

AICPA standards define reportable conditions as significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control which could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements .
aicpa standards define reportable [rules] as significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control which could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements .

When the auditors ' objectives include estimating the extent to which a program has caused changes in physical , social , or economic conditions , `` effect '' is a measure of the impact achieved by the program .
when the auditors ' objectives include estimating the extent to which a program has caused changes in physical , social , or economic [rules] , `` effect '' is a measure of the impact achieved by the program .

Here , effect is the extent to which positive or negative changes in actual physical , social , or economic conditions can be identified and attributed to program operations .
here , effect is the extent to which positive or negative changes in actual physical , social , or economic [rules] can be identified and attributed to program operations .

In some circumstances , conditions such as the following might indicate a heightened risk of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance :
in some circumstances , [rules] such as the following might indicate a heightened risk of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance :

For example , in a paperbased system , an individual 's signature on the paper document is a timetested method of showing that an individual intended to be bound by the terms and conditions in the paper document .
for example , in a paperbased system , an individual 's signature on the paper document is a timetested method of showing that an individual intended to be bound by the terms and [rules] in the paper document .

However , in an electronic world , where adequate controls have not been implemented , the similar approach of having an individual 's name appended to a data record does not provide the same assurance because , for example , the terms and conditions can be changed without obtaining the individual 's approval of the changes made .
however , in an electronic world , where adequate controls have not been implemented , the similar approach of having an individual 's name appended to a data record does not provide the same assurance because , for example , the terms and [rules] can be changed without obtaining the individual 's approval of the changes made .

The procedures will provide opportunities for foreign entities to deliver satellite services here , and the liberalized market conditions resulting from the Agreement will allow U.S. companies to enter previously closed markets .
the procedures will provide opportunities for foreign entities to deliver satellite services here , and the liberalized market [rules] resulting from the agreement will allow u.s. companies to enter previously closed markets .

The rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of GAO/OGC-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .
the rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various [rules] regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of gao/ogc-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .

Because governmental , economic , industry , regulatory , and operating conditions continually change , mechanisms should be provided to identify and deal with any special risks prompted by such changes .
because governmental , economic , industry , regulatory , and operating [rules] continually change , mechanisms should be provided to identify and deal with any special risks prompted by such changes .

B285663 facility design review area discussed in the study , as well as the efforts that have been made by federal agencies to address the conditions covered in the study .
b285663 facility design review area discussed in the study , as well as the efforts that have been made by federal agencies to address the [rules] covered in the study .

The biggest challenge during the construction phase is managing changes resulting from such sources as scope of work changes by the owner , errors and omissions in the construction documents , and unknown or changed site conditions .
the biggest challenge during the construction phase is managing changes resulting from such sources as scope of work changes by the owner , errors and omissions in the construction documents , and unknown or changed site [rules] .

It is almost inevitable during the construction phase that scope of work changes by the owner , errors and omissions in the plans , unknown or changed site conditions , and creative initiatives on the part of construction staff will result in recommended changes to the facility design .
it is almost inevitable during the construction phase that scope of work changes by the owner , errors and omissions in the plans , unknown or changed site [rules] , and creative initiatives on the part of construction staff will result in recommended changes to the facility design .

A statement of work or specifications statementthat clearly and accurately describes the government 's requirements , including a clear definition of all deliverables and the conditions of their acceptability .
a statement of work or specifications statementthat clearly and accurately describes the government 's requirements , including a clear definition of all deliverables and the [rules] of their acceptability .

The contract should specify conditions for acceptable performance .
the contract should specify [rules] for acceptable performance .

Agency personnel should ensure that the contractor fully meets the conditions for acceptable performance .
agency personnel should ensure that the contractor fully meets the [rules] for acceptable performance .

The ability of a system or component to perform itsReliability required functions under stated conditions for a stated period of time .
the ability of a system or component to perform itsreliability required functions under stated [rules] for a stated period of time .

To others , `` a random sample is necessary for a case study , '' `` case studies are nonnormative research that investigate a situation without prejudice , '' `` where we could look at a limited number of cases that would represent the universe overall , '' and `` a review of relevant conditions in a specific environment with no attempt to project to a larger universe . ''
to others , `` a random sample is necessary for a case study , '' `` case studies are nonnormative research that investigate a situation without prejudice , '' `` where we could look at a limited number of cases that would represent the universe overall , '' and `` a review of relevant [rules] in a specific environment with no attempt to project to a larger universe . ''

Criterion is less clear : what would be sufficient under present conditions and with existing and possible technologies ?
criterion is less clear : what would be sufficient under present [rules] and with existing and possible technologies ?

Such interest usually would be based on information extraneous to the data in the table : a complaint might be received , for example , about conditions in the San Diego site , or allegations might be made that the high costs of the Miami site were due to mismanagement .
such interest usually would be based on information extraneous to the data in the table : a complaint might be received , for example , about [rules] in the san diego site , or allegations might be made that the high costs of the miami site were due to mismanagement .

These case studies described what services were delivered , the conditions in rural as well as urban areas , and what the Home Start teachers did during the home visits and generally provided a surrogate or vicarious experience for readers who might never have visited a Head Start or a Home Start center .
these case studies described what services were delivered , the [rules] in rural as well as urban areas , and what the home start teachers did during the home visits and generally provided a surrogate or vicarious experience for readers who might never have visited a head start or a home start center .

For example , in a study of the effects of an employment training program , greater employment of participants after the training than before must be shown to be due to the training and not simply to better economic conditions , which also could increase employment .
for example , in a study of the effects of an employment training program , greater employment of participants after the training than before must be shown to be due to the training and not simply to better economic [rules] , which also could increase employment .

For example , in NSIAD 's study of conditions on submarines , auditors spent time aboard submarines in a variety of situations , getting firsthand knowledge of life in these vessels .
for example , in nsiad 's study of [rules] on submarines , auditors spent time aboard submarines in a variety of situations , getting firsthand knowledge of life in these vessels .

This requires careful organization of the files of original observations , complete documentation of the conditions of data collection that are relevant to the trustworthiness and credibility of the information , and making transparent and reproducible the manner in which the evaluator moved from phase to phase of the analysis .
this requires careful organization of the files of original observations , complete documentation of the [rules] of data collection that are relevant to the trustworthiness and credibility of the information , and making transparent and reproducible the manner in which the evaluator moved from phase to phase of the analysis .

The categories are related to the evaluation subquestions ; for example , if a subquestion was `` How does the Immigration and Naturalization Service monitor the conditions of confinement in privately contracted detention facilities , '' coding categories might include who is responsible , how these persons get information , what they do with information received , evidence that minimum standards are met , evidence of shortfalls , changes over time in monitoring , and conflicting guidance or responsibilities .
the categories are related to the evaluation subquestions ; for example , if a subquestion was `` how does the immigration and naturalization service monitor the [rules] of confinement in privately contracted detention facilities , '' coding categories might include who is responsible , how these persons get information , what they do with information received , evidence that minimum standards are met , evidence of shortfalls , changes over time in monitoring , and conflicting guidance or responsibilities .

If we want to illustrate , for example , working conditions for immigrant laborers , we can report what the thermometers registered and we can also report , firsthand , how people were sweating and what it felt like to be out in the fields .
if we want to illustrate , for example , working [rules] for immigrant laborers , we can report what the thermometers registered and we can also report , firsthand , how people were sweating and what it felt like to be out in the fields .

If the evaluation question involved an understanding of working conditions for migrant laborers or workers in heavy industry , a thick description , even including information on how exhausted the evaluator felt in the heat , would be more appropriate-according to some case study methodologists-than only recording that the thermometer registered 95 degrees .
if the evaluation question involved an understanding of working [rules] for migrant laborers or workers in heavy industry , a thick description , even including information on how exhausted the evaluator felt in the heat , would be more appropriate-according to some case study methodologists-than only recording that the thermometer registered 95 degrees .

For readers who know a handicapped child or have an aging parent , for example , a case study report of conditions in residential care for the severely handicapped or the aged may compare dramatically with vivid personal experiences .
for readers who know a handicapped child or have an aging parent , for example , a case study report of [rules] in residential care for the severely handicapped or the aged may compare dramatically with vivid personal experiences .

Instead of trying to forecast lifetime income and economic conditions in the distant future , people may use simple rules of thumb , such as saving a fixed share of their income or avoiding debt.14 Many people are `` target savers '' who aim for a fixed level of wealth or ratio of wealth to income in order to achieve 12Textbooks in microeconomics discuss these effects in detail .
instead of trying to forecast lifetime income and economic [rules] in the distant future , people may use simple rules of thumb , such as saving a fixed share of their income or avoiding debt.14 many people are `` target savers '' who aim for a fixed level of wealth or ratio of wealth to income in order to achieve 12textbooks in microeconomics discuss these effects in detail .

With the personal saving rate around zero or negative , economists have questioned the relevance of the NIPA personal saving measure.24 Wealth measures , which reflect the value of existing assets based on current market conditions , show a fundamentally different trend , as illustrated in figure 1.2.25 Although these supplementary measures may explain why individual households may choose to save less , the NIPA personal saving rate shows that people are consuming virtually all of their current income and saving little for the future .
with the personal saving rate around zero or negative , economists have questioned the relevance of the nipa personal saving measure.24 wealth measures , which reflect the value of existing assets based on current market [rules] , show a fundamentally different trend , as illustrated in figure 1.2.25 although these supplementary measures may explain why individual households may choose to save less , the nipa personal saving rate shows that people are consuming virtually all of their current income and saving little for the future .

Under such conditions , the more likely result would be a rise in the rate of interest and a more rapid increase in federal interest payments than our simulations display .
under such [rules] , the more likely result would be a rise in the rate of interest and a more rapid increase in federal interest payments than our simulations display .

The specific key conditions and strategies described in this guide can be used as suggestions for federal CIOs to apply or adapt to their environments , where appropriate .
the specific key [rules] and strategies described in this guide can be used as suggestions for federal cios to apply or adapt to their environments , where appropriate .

Further , although there is no precedence among the principles , organizational conditions may make it more feasible to address one principle before another .
further , although there is no precedence among the principles , organizational [rules] may make it more feasible to address one principle before another .

Case Study : Recognizing the Role of Information Management in Creating Value Due to changes in market conditions and requirements for increased productivity through using common components , a large manufacturing company decided that it needed to make major changes in the way it managed IT to support the business .
case study : recognizing the role of information management in creating value due to changes in market [rules] and requirements for increased productivity through using common components , a large manufacturing company decided that it needed to make major changes in the way it managed it to support the business .

The specific key conditions and strategies described in this guide can be used as suggestions for federal CIOs to apply or adapt to their environments , as appropriate .
the specific key [rules] and strategies described in this guide can be used as suggestions for federal cios to apply or adapt to their environments , as appropriate .

More generally , the key conditions and strategies can be thought of as addressing specific aspects of the six primary principles , which CIOs from all sectors agree are critical to the successful execution of their responsibilities and realization of the potential benefits of information technology investments .
more generally , the key [rules] and strategies can be thought of as addressing specific aspects of the six primary principles , which cios from all sectors agree are critical to the successful execution of their responsibilities and realization of the potential benefits of information technology investments .

In addition , the specific key conditions and strategies described in this guide will provide insight when considering areas of future study .
in addition , the specific key [rules] and strategies described in this guide will provide insight when considering areas of future study .

This suit requires us to decide whether one of the conditions imposed by Congress on the use of LSC funds violates the Amendment rights of LSC grantees and their clients .
this suit requires us to decide whether one of the [rules] imposed by congress on the use of lsc funds violates the amendment rights of lsc grantees and their clients .

We must be vigilant when Congress imposes rules and conditions which in effect insulate its own laws from legitimate judicial challenge .
we must be vigilant when congress imposes rules and [rules] which in effect insulate its own laws from legitimate judicial challenge .

Perhaps the most that can be said on the subject is contained in a passage written by Chief Justice Shaw of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts that we have often quoted : `` [ I ] f [ a statute 's provisions ] are so mutually connected with and dependent on each other , as conditions , considerations or compensations for each other , as to warrant a belief that the legislature intended them as a whole , and that , if all could not be carried into effect , the legislature would not pass the residue independently , and some parts are unconstitutional , all the provisions which as thus dependent , conditional or connected , must fall with them . ''
perhaps the most that can be said on the subject is contained in a passage written by chief justice shaw of the supreme judicial court of massachusetts that we have often quoted : `` [ i ] f [ a statute 's provisions ] are so mutually connected with and dependent on each other , as [rules] , considerations or compensations for each other , as to warrant a belief that the legislature intended them as a whole , and that , if all could not be carried into effect , the legislature would not pass the residue independently , and some parts are unconstitutional , all the provisions which as thus dependent , conditional or connected , must fall with them . ''

It is clear to me that the LSC Act 's funding of welfare benefits suits and its prohibition on suits challenging or defending the validity of existing law are `` conditions , considerations [ and ] compensations for each other '' that can not be severed .
it is clear to me that the lsc act 's funding of welfare benefits suits and its prohibition on suits challenging or defending the validity of existing law are `` [rules] , considerations [ and ] compensations for each other '' that can not be severed .

LSC grant conditions require that programs obtain LSC approval of a merger or consolidation before LSC will allow the transfer of the grant from one program to another .
lsc grant [rules] require that programs obtain lsc approval of a merger or consolidation before lsc will allow the transfer of the grant from one program to another .

LSC is given explicit authority `` to prescribe the keeping of records with respect to funds provided by grant or contract and shall have access to such records at all reasonable times for the purpose of insuring compliance with the grant or contract or the terms and conditions upon which financial assistance was provided . ''
lsc is given explicit authority `` to prescribe the keeping of records with respect to funds provided by grant or contract and shall have access to such records at all reasonable times for the purpose of insuring compliance with the grant or contract or the terms and [rules] upon which financial assistance was provided . ''

Such representation was intended to prevent the exploitation of foreign H2A workers and to ensure that the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers would not be undermined .
such representation was intended to prevent the exploitation of foreign h2a workers and to ensure that the wages and working [rules] of u.s. workers would not be undermined .

Accordingly , the legislation requires that agricultural employers recruit U.S. workers first , and that the terms of work offered foreign workers , when U.S. workers are unavailable , must notadversely affect the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers .
accordingly , the legislation requires that agricultural employers recruit u.s. workers first , and that the terms of work offered foreign workers , when u.s. workers are unavailable , must notadversely affect the wages and working [rules] of u.s. workers .

In general , the wages , benefits and working conditions the employer intends to offer to H-2A workers must also be offered to recruited U.S. workers , which includes lawful permanent resident aliens .
in general , the wages , benefits and working [rules] the employer intends to offer to h-2a workers must also be offered to recruited u.s. workers , which includes lawful permanent resident aliens .

The process for the admission of H-2A workers requires that the grower submit an application for certification to USDOL setting forth all the material terms and conditions of work that the employer intends to offer its workers .
the process for the admission of h-2a workers requires that the grower submit an application for certification to usdol setting forth all the material terms and [rules] of work that the employer intends to offer its workers .

The statutory protections set forth in the H-2A program , and the provision of legal representation to H-2A workers to enforce these rights , thus were intended to accomplish two purposes : to protect foreign workers from exploitation , and to ensure that the employment of such workers would not depress the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers .
the statutory protections set forth in the h-2a program , and the provision of legal representation to h-2a workers to enforce these rights , thus were intended to accomplish two purposes : to protect foreign workers from exploitation , and to ensure that the employment of such workers would not depress the wages and working [rules] of u.s. workers .

Their claims include violations of recruitment promises and disputes over wages , working conditions , wrongful terminations , and the job contract .
their claims include violations of recruitment promises and disputes over wages , working [rules] , wrongful terminations , and the job contract .

The H-2A worker 's contract must include certain minimum benefits , wages , and working conditions that are mandated by federal law .
the h-2a worker 's contract must include certain minimum benefits , wages , and working [rules] that are mandated by federal law .

Employers may improperly fire and deport workers who are injured , who speak to legal services , or who complain about working conditions or wages .
employers may improperly fire and deport workers who are injured , who speak to legal services , or who complain about working [rules] or wages .

In Illinois , claims involving false promises , failure to pay wages , unsafe housing , dangerous field conditions , illegal wage deductions take months to resolve .
in illinois , claims involving false promises , failure to pay wages , unsafe housing , dangerous field [rules] , illegal wage deductions take months to resolve .

The conference report to IRCA explained the provision of legal services to H-2A aliens as follows : Legal services are to be made available to H-2 aliens with regard to housing , wages , transportation and other conditions of employment under their H-2 contract .
the conference report to irca explained the provision of legal services to h-2a aliens as follows : legal services are to be made available to h-2 aliens with regard to housing , wages , transportation and other [rules] of employment under their h-2 contract .

Such representation was intended to prevent the exploitation of foreign H-2A workers and to ensure that the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers would not be undermined .
such representation was intended to prevent the exploitation of foreign h-2a workers and to ensure that the wages and working [rules] of u.s. workers would not be undermined .

U.S. agricultural recruiters in Mexico could willfully misrepresent working conditions to permanent legal residents across the border , knowing the alien would be barred from legal assistance on her federally-protected MSWPA claim .
u.s. agricultural recruiters in mexico could willfully misrepresent working [rules] to permanent legal residents across the border , knowing the alien would be barred from legal assistance on her federally-protected mswpa claim .

The protections of the H-2A statute were adopted , inter alia , to ensure that the employment of foreign workers would not undermine the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers , and Congress provided legal services representation `` to secure the rights of H-2 agricultural workers '' under their employment contracts .
the protections of the h-2a statute were adopted , inter alia , to ensure that the employment of foreign workers would not undermine the wages and working [rules] of u.s. workers , and congress provided legal services representation `` to secure the rights of h-2 agricultural workers '' under their employment contracts .

Our special grant conditions required periodic submission of written progress reports on achieving a comprehensive integrated delivery system .
our special grant [rules] required periodic submission of written progress reports on achieving a comprehensive integrated delivery system .

Programs in California , Illinois , Kentucky , Louisiana , Michigan , Mississippi , North and South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas and Virginia received special grant conditions .
programs in california , illinois , kentucky , louisiana , michigan , mississippi , north and south carolina , south dakota , tennessee , texas and virginia received special grant [rules] .

Another new provision adopted in 1997 prohibits any local program that has been found to engage in a substantial violation of the law or its grant conditions from being considered for an LSC grant in future competitions .
another new provision adopted in 1997 prohibits any local program that has been found to engage in a substantial violation of the law or its grant [rules] from being considered for an lsc grant in future competitions .

All local LSC-funded programs are administered by local boards of directors ( or other governing bodies , in certain instances ) , a majority of whose members are appointed by local bar associations , and provide legal assistance to individuals pursuant to locally determined priorities that respond to community conditions and needs .
all local lsc-funded programs are administered by local boards of directors ( or other governing bodies , in certain instances ) , a majority of whose members are appointed by local bar associations , and provide legal assistance to individuals pursuant to locally determined priorities that respond to community [rules] and needs .

Grant conditions , riders , or reporting requirements are being added to a number of grant awards to ensure continued broad-based , inclusive state planning .
grant [rules] , riders , or reporting requirements are being added to a number of grant awards to ensure continued broad-based , inclusive state planning .

Local fire officials should be notified of any potentially hazardous conditions .
local fire officials should be notified of any potentially hazardous [rules] .

The results will depend upon the species used and the strain or source of the test organisms , and test conditions such as temperature , DO , food , and water quality .
the results will depend upon the species used and the strain or source of the test organisms , and test [rules] such as temperature , do , food , and water quality .

To meet this requirement , the intra-laboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( CV % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .
to meet this requirement , the intra-laboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( cv % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test [rules] ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .

Each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will reflect conditions unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should reflect good repeatability .
each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will reflect [rules] unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should reflect good repeatability .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward decreased test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward decreased test organism sensitivity ) , the test [rules] of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

This file should contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test conditions employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .
this file should contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test [rules] employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .

Summaries of test conditions for these species are provided in Tables 12-18 .
summaries of test [rules] for these species are provided in tables 12-18 .

Table 19 provides a summary of test conditions for Holmesimysis costata , which should also be considered an alternative acute toxicity test species .
table 19 provides a summary of test [rules] for holmesimysis costata , which should also be considered an alternative acute toxicity test species .

The results will depend upon the species used and the strain or source of the test organisms , and test conditions , such as temperature , DO , food , and water quality .
the results will depend upon the species used and the strain or source of the test organisms , and test [rules] , such as temperature , do , food , and water quality .

To meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( CV % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .
to meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( cv % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test [rules] ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .

Each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will reflect conditions unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should reflect good repeatability .
each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will reflect [rules] unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should reflect good repeatability .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward decreased test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward decreased test organism sensitivity ) , the test [rules] of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

This file must contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test conditions employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .
this file must contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test [rules] employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .

Conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .
[rules] for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .

The portion of the sample set aside for the second test must be held under the same conditions as during shipment and holding .
the portion of the sample set aside for the second test must be held under the same [rules] as during shipment and holding .

Four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see Summary of Test Conditions and Test Acceptability Criteria in the specific test method ) .
four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see summary of test [rules] and test acceptability criteria in the specific test method ) .

For WET test data submitted under NPDES permits , all required test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .
for wet test data submitted under npdes permits , all required test [rules] must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .

Deviations from recommended test conditions must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis to determine the validity of test results .
deviations from recommended test [rules] must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis to determine the validity of test results .

Deviations from recommended test conditions may or may not invalidate a test result depending on the degree of the departure and the objective of the test .
deviations from recommended test [rules] may or may not invalidate a test result depending on the degree of the departure and the objective of the test .

The test acceptability criteria , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .
the test acceptability criteria , test [rules] , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test [rules] of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

Conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .
[rules] for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .

The portion of the sample set aside for the second test should be held under the same conditions as during shipment and holding .
the portion of the sample set aside for the second test should be held under the same [rules] as during shipment and holding .

Four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see Summary of Test Conditions and Test Acceptability Criteria in the specific test method ) .
four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see summary of test [rules] and test acceptability criteria in the specific test method ) .

For WET test data submitted under NPDES permits , all required test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .
for wet test data submitted under npdes permits , all required test [rules] must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .

Deviations from recommended test conditions must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis to determine the validity of test results .
deviations from recommended test [rules] must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis to determine the validity of test results .

Deviations from recommended test conditions may or may not invalidate a test result depending on the degree of the departure and the objective of the test .
deviations from recommended test [rules] may or may not invalidate a test result depending on the degree of the departure and the objective of the test .

The test acceptability criteria , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .
the test acceptability criteria , test [rules] , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increasing test organism sensitivity or toward decreasing test organism sensitivity ) , the test [rules] of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

However , laboratory life cycle tests may not accurately estimate the `` safe '' concentration of toxicants because they are conducted with a limited number of species under highly controlled , steady state conditions , and the results do not include the effects of the stresses to which the organisms would ordinarily be exposed in the natural environment .
however , laboratory life cycle tests may not accurately estimate the `` safe '' concentration of toxicants because they are conducted with a limited number of species under highly controlled , steady state [rules] , and the results do not include the effects of the stresses to which the organisms would ordinarily be exposed in the natural environment .

Local fire officials should be notified of any potentially hazardous conditions .
local fire officials should be notified of any potentially hazardous [rules] .

EPA 's analysis indicates that , under the conditions described above :
epa 's analysis indicates that , under the [rules] described above :

Energy Price Impacts The model suggests that under the conditions described above , electricity prices are expected to increase by about 30 % ( under scenario D ) to 50 % ( under scenario A ) by the year 2015 .
energy price impacts the model suggests that under the [rules] described above , electricity prices are expected to increase by about 30 % ( under scenario d ) to 50 % ( under scenario a ) by the year 2015 .

Conclusions The analysis suggests that under the conditions described above , emissions through 2015 will be significantly reduced although they wo n't meet the 2007 target .
conclusions the analysis suggests that under the [rules] described above , emissions through 2015 will be significantly reduced although they wo n't meet the 2007 target .

Election For Additional Units Section 407 provides the option for units that are not otherwise subject to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs to opt into the programs if certain conditions are met .
election for additional units section 407 provides the option for units that are not otherwise subject to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs to opt into the programs if certain [rules] are met .

In addition , as conditions for making a finding concerning affected units , the Administrator must determine that the required emissions reductions from the affected units are at least as cost-effective , and will improve air quality in the petitioners ' nonattainment areas at least as cost-effectively , as emissions reductions from each other principal category of sources in areas upwind of the petitioner .
in addition , as [rules] for making a finding concerning affected units , the administrator must determine that the required emissions reductions from the affected units are at least as cost-effective , and will improve air quality in the petitioners ' nonattainment areas at least as cost-effectively , as emissions reductions from each other principal category of sources in areas upwind of the petitioner .

However , laboratory life-cycle tests may not accurately estimate the `` safe '' concentration of toxicants because they are conducted with a limited number of species under highly controlled , steady-state conditions , and the results do not include the effects of the stresses to which the organisms would ordinarily be exposed in the natural environment .
however , laboratory life-cycle tests may not accurately estimate the `` safe '' concentration of toxicants because they are conducted with a limited number of species under highly controlled , steady-state [rules] , and the results do not include the effects of the stresses to which the organisms would ordinarily be exposed in the natural environment .

Local fire officials should be notified of any potentially hazardous conditions .
local fire officials should be notified of any potentially hazardous [rules] .

The results will depend upon the species used and the strain or source of the test organisms , and test conditions , such as temperature , DO , food , and water quality .
the results will depend upon the species used and the strain or source of the test organisms , and test [rules] , such as temperature , do , food , and water quality .

To meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( CV % ) , of each type of test to be used in the laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .
to meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( cv % ) , of each type of test to be used in the laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test [rules] ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .

Each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will reflect conditions unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should reflect good repeatability .
each laboratory 's reference toxicity data will reflect [rules] unique to that facility , including dilution water , culturing , and other variables ; however , each laboratory 's reference toxicity results should reflect good repeatability .

The reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward decreased test organism sensitivity ) , the test conditions of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .
the reviewer should consider the degree to which the reference toxicant test result fell outside of control chart limits , the width of the limits , the direction of the deviation ( toward increased test organism sensitivity or toward decreased test organism sensitivity ) , the test [rules] of both the effluent test and the reference toxicant test , and the objective of the test .

This file should contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test conditions employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .
this file should contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody ; a copy of the sample log sheet ; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test ( s ) ; chemical analysis data on the sample ( s ) ; detailed records of the test organisms used in the test ( s ) , such as species , source , age , date of receipt , and other pertinent information relating to their history and health ; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments ; test [rules] employed ; and results of reference toxicant tests .

As noted above , projections beyond 2010 are of limited value as market conditions could change significantly between now and 2010 in response both to demand for resources for a multipollutant program and because of other market factors .
as noted above , projections beyond 2010 are of limited value as market [rules] could change significantly between now and 2010 in response both to demand for resources for a multipollutant program and because of other market factors .

The particular combination of equipment chosen for mercury reduction at a particular facility is largely determined by the existing equipment and conditions at the facility .
the particular combination of equipment chosen for mercury reduction at a particular facility is largely determined by the existing equipment and [rules] at the facility .

In addition , the boilermaker 's shipbuilding division has about 30,000 members45 who , depending upon industry conditions , could move over to the construction division quickly .
in addition , the boilermaker 's shipbuilding division has about 30,000 members45 who , depending upon industry [rules] , could move over to the construction division quickly .

However , it is recognized that these companies could shift their product mix if the market conditions justified it , so the capacity value shown could be quickly increased if manufacturers simply changed product focus .
however , it is recognized that these companies could shift their product mix if the market [rules] justified it , so the capacity value shown could be quickly increased if manufacturers simply changed product focus .

Figures for consumption of AC were based on prior , peer-reviewed EPA work , and conservative operating conditions were assumed .
figures for consumption of ac were based on prior , peer-reviewed epa work , and conservative operating [rules] were assumed .

States must show `` reasonable progress '' in their state implementation plans toward the congressionally mandated goal of returning to natural conditions in national parks and wilderness areas .
states must show `` reasonable progress '' in their state implementation plans toward the congressionally mandated goal of returning to natural [rules] in national parks and wilderness areas .

Environmental benefits include significant increases in visibility and substantial improvements in chronically acidic conditions in lakes in the Northeastern US .
environmental benefits include significant increases in visibility and substantial improvements in chronically acidic [rules] in lakes in the northeastern us .

Typically , an analysis will include a baseline scenario that simulates future conditions in the absence of the proposed regulation and one or more control scenarios that simulate conditions under the regulations being evaluated .
typically , an analysis will include a baseline scenario that simulates future [rules] in the absence of the proposed regulation and one or more control scenarios that simulate [rules] under the regulations being evaluated .

After the emissions inventories are developed , they are translated into estimates of futureyear air quality conditions under each scenario .
after the emissions inventories are developed , they are translated into estimates of futureyear air quality [rules] under each scenario .

The IPM is dynamic ; it has the capability to use forecasts of future conditions , requirements , and option characteristics to make decisions for the present .
the ipm is dynamic ; it has the capability to use forecasts of future [rules] , requirements , and option characteristics to make decisions for the present .

Baseline Incidence Rate Some C-R functions ( those expressed as a change relative to baseline conditions ) require baseline incidence data associated with ambient levels of pollutants .
baseline incidence rate some c-r functions ( those expressed as a change relative to baseline [rules] ) require baseline incidence data associated with ambient levels of pollutants .

Actuarial evidence suggests that individuals with serious preexisting cardiovascular conditions have a remaining life expectancy of around 5 years .
actuarial evidence suggests that individuals with serious preexisting cardiovascular [rules] have a remaining life expectancy of around 5 years .

The Administrator may approve a substitution proposal in whole or in part and with such modifications or conditions as may be consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .
the administrator may approve a substitution proposal in whole or in part and with such modifications or [rules] as may be consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .

The Administrator may approve an extension proposal in whole or in part , and with such modifications or conditions as may be necessary , consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and to ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this subpart .
the administrator may approve an extension proposal in whole or in part , and with such modifications or [rules] as may be necessary , consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and to ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this subpart .

If the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the Administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title V , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .
if the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the administrator that the [rules] in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title v , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .

Such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions specified in their respective operating permits .
such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the [rules] specified in their respective operating permits .

These conditions might have been appropriate a century ago when the post was the primary means of communication .
these [rules] might have been appropriate a century ago when the post was the primary means of communication .

The conditions for competitive entry depend on several other factors as well [ Cohen et al .
the [rules] for competitive entry depend on several other factors as well [ cohen et al .

There are both disadvantages and advantages to having a single government provider under these conditions .
there are both disadvantages and advantages to having a single government provider under these [rules] .

Commission Review of Proposed Changes in Domestic Mail Classifications Prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the Post Office Department was codified as part of Title 39.3 The Reorganization Act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an administrative process in which the Governors of the Postal Service establish , and the Postal Rate Commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and conditions of postal services , which are compiled as the Domestic Mail Classification Schedule ( or `` DMCS '' ) .4 Section 3621 of Title 39 provides that `` the Governors are authorized to establish reasonable and equitable classes of mail .
commission review of proposed changes in domestic mail classifications prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the post office department was codified as part of title 39.3 the reorganization act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an administrative process in which the governors of the postal service establish , and the postal rate commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and [rules] of postal services , which are compiled as the domestic mail classification schedule ( or `` dmcs '' ) .4 section 3621 of title 39 provides that `` the governors are authorized to establish reasonable and equitable classes of mail .

The fourth set specifies conditions under which the Service may use multi-year test periods to demonstrate that a proposed new service will become compensatory over time .
the fourth set specifies [rules] under which the service may use multi-year test periods to demonstrate that a proposed new service will become compensatory over time .

Section 401 ( 3 ) of Title 39 generally empowers the Service `` to enter into and perform contracts , '' and there is no prohibition elsewhere against the Postal Service and mail users negotiating and reaching consensus as to how rates or conditions of service should be changed .
section 401 ( 3 ) of title 39 generally empowers the service `` to enter into and perform contracts , '' and there is no prohibition elsewhere against the postal service and mail users negotiating and reaching consensus as to how rates or [rules] of service should be changed .

Conclusion : Negotiated rates-unaccompanied by a change in service conditions that provides cost justification-are a problematical approach to introducing additional flexibility into Postal Service business practices .
conclusion : negotiated rates-unaccompanied by a change in service [rules] that provides cost justification-are a problematical approach to introducing additional flexibility into postal service business practices .

Conclusion : Rate and service adjustments agreed upon by the Postal Service and mailers are legally authorized if three conditions are satisfied :  The proposal is reviewed in a public proceeding , as the Reorganization Act requires ;  The agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole ; and 15 Docket No .
conclusion : rate and service adjustments agreed upon by the postal service and mailers are legally authorized if three [rules] are satisfied :  the proposal is reviewed in a public proceeding , as the reorganization act requires ;  the agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole ; and 15 docket no .

Under the same conditions , if the Postal Service cost of doing the workshare work is actually 4 instead of 6 , the profit gain from reducing the worksharing discount by 2 would be notably greater at $ 637 million , and there would be a technical gain of $ 37 million .
under the same [rules] , if the postal service cost of doing the workshare work is actually 4 instead of 6 , the profit gain from reducing the worksharing discount by 2 would be notably greater at $ 637 million , and there would be a technical gain of $ 37 million .

In 1999 , Ibn al Khattab-the primary commander of Arab nationals in Chechnya-reportedly had started turning away most foreign mujahideen because of their inexperience and inability to adjust to the local conditions .
in 1999 , ibn al khattab-the primary commander of arab nationals in chechnya-reportedly had started turning away most foreign mujahideen because of their inexperience and inability to adjust to the local [rules] .

However , at approximately 9:02-less than a minute before the building was hit-an instruction over the South Tower 's public-address system advised civilians , generally , that they could begin an orderly evacuation if conditions warranted .
however , at approximately 9:02-less than a minute before the building was hit-an instruction over the south tower 's public-address system advised civilians , generally , that they could begin an orderly evacuation if [rules] warranted .

They had ordered units up the stairs to report back on conditions , but did not know what the impact floors were ; they did not know if any stairwells into the impact zone were clear ; and they did not know whether water for firefighting would be available on the upper floors .
they had ordered units up the stairs to report back on [rules] , but did not know what the impact floors were ; they did not know if any stairwells into the impact zone were clear ; and they did not know whether water for firefighting would be available on the upper floors .

They did know that the explosion had been large enough to send down a fireball that blew out elevators and windows in the lobby and that conditions were so dire that some civilians on upper floors were jumping or falling from the building .
they did know that the explosion had been large enough to send down a fireball that blew out elevators and windows in the lobby and that [rules] were so dire that some civilians on upper floors were jumping or falling from the building .

At 8:50 , the Aviation Unit of the NYPD dispatched two helicopters to the WTC to report on conditions and assess the feasibility of a rooftop landing or of special rescue operations .
at 8:50 , the aviation unit of the nypd dispatched two helicopters to the wtc to report on [rules] and assess the feasibility of a rooftop landing or of special rescue operations .

NYPD helicopters and ESU officers remained on the scene throughout the morning , prepared to commence rescue operations on the roof if conditions improved .
nypd helicopters and esu officers remained on the scene throughout the morning , prepared to commence rescue operations on the roof if [rules] improved .

Damage was extensive , and conditions were highly precarious .
damage was extensive , and [rules] were highly precarious .

By the lower 70s , however , stairwells A and B were well-lit , and conditions were generally normal .
by the lower 70s , however , stairwells a and b were well-lit , and [rules] were generally normal .

Within 15 minutes after the impact , debilitating smoke had reached at least one location on the 100th floor , and severe smoke conditions were reported throughout floors in the 90s and 100s over the course of the following half hour .
within 15 minutes after the impact , debilitating smoke had reached at least one location on the 100th floor , and severe smoke [rules] were reported throughout floors in the 90s and 100s over the course of the following half hour .

There were several areas between the impact zone and the uppermost floors where conditions were better .
there were several areas between the impact zone and the uppermost floors where [rules] were better .

While some complained of smoke , heat , fumes , and crowding in the stairwells , conditions were otherwise fairly normal on floors below the impact .
while some complained of smoke , heat , fumes , and crowding in the stairwells , [rules] were otherwise fairly normal on floors below the impact .

Once the plane struck , they were prevented from descending because of damage to or impassable conditions in the building 's three stairwells .
once the plane struck , they were prevented from descending because of damage to or impassable [rules] in the building 's three stairwells .

Even if the doors had not been locked , structural and radiation hazards made the rooftops unsuitable staging areas for a large number of civilians ; and even if conditions permitted general helicopter evacuations-which was not the case-only several people could be lifted at a time .
even if the doors had not been locked , structural and radiation hazards made the rooftops unsuitable staging areas for a large number of civilians ; and even if [rules] permitted general helicopter evacuations-which was not the case-only several people could be lifted at a time .

Additionally , conditions were hazardous in some areas outside the towers .
additionally , [rules] were hazardous in some areas outside the towers .

The Port Authority has acknowledged that in the future , tenants should be made aware of what conditions they will encounter during descent .
the port authority has acknowledged that in the future , tenants should be made aware of what [rules] they will encounter during descent .

On people alive on the 92nd floor and above after the impact , see Commission analysis of conditions on tower floors and advice received by civilians in the towers based on ( 1 ) calls to NYPD 911 from or concerning people in the towers on September 11 , 2001 , and ( 2 ) transcripts of recorded calls to the Port Authority police desk from people in the towers on September 11 , 2001 ( hereafter `` Commission analysis of 911/PAPD calls '' ) .
on people alive on the 92nd floor and above after the impact , see commission analysis of [rules] on tower floors and advice received by civilians in the towers based on ( 1 ) calls to nypd 911 from or concerning people in the towers on september 11 , 2001 , and ( 2 ) transcripts of recorded calls to the port authority police desk from people in the towers on september 11 , 2001 ( hereafter `` commission analysis of 911/papd calls '' ) .

For the building 's physical conditions , see FDNY interview 16 , Battalion 1 ( Jan. 20 , 2004 ) .
for the building 's physical [rules] , see fdny interview 16 , battalion 1 ( jan. 20 , 2004 ) .

For conditions in the lobby , see Jules Naudet and Gedeon Naudet , video footage , Sept. 11 , 2001 .
for [rules] in the lobby , see jules naudet and gedeon naudet , video footage , sept. 11 , 2001 .

For conditions in the impact zone above the 78th floor , see Civilian interview 4 ( Mar .
for [rules] in the impact zone above the 78th floor , see civilian interview 4 ( mar .

For conditions on the 81st floor , see Civilian interview 4 ( Mar .
for [rules] on the 81st floor , see civilian interview 4 ( mar .

For the intention of the group ascending the stairwell and the conditions , see Civilian interview 8 ( Mar .
for the intention of the group ascending the stairwell and the [rules] , see civilian interview 8 ( mar .

The conditions of stairwell C are unknown .
the [rules] of stairwell c are unknown .

For conditions in stairwells , see , e.g. , Civilian Interview 1 ( Mar.2 , 2004 ) ; Civilian Interview 13 ( Mar .
for [rules] in stairwells , see , e.g. , civilian interview 1 ( mar.2 , 2004 ) ; civilian interview 13 ( mar .

For conditions in the 90s and 100s , see Commission analysis of 911/PAPD calls .
for [rules] in the 90s and 100s , see commission analysis of 911/papd calls .

Based on conditions described by civilians who descended stairwell A from at or above the impact zone , we conclude that stairwell A may have become effectively impassable as the morning progressed .
based on [rules] described by civilians who descended stairwell a from at or above the impact zone , we conclude that stairwell a may have become effectively impassable as the morning progressed .

The `` advisory '' announcement directed by protocol ( without the expanded instruction for occupants to return to their floors ) would have given greater leeway to those who judged , based on a firsthand awareness of conditions on their floors ( e.g. , some could feel heat from North Tower explosion ) , that evacuation was warranted .
the `` advisory '' announcement directed by protocol ( without the expanded instruction for occupants to return to their floors ) would have given greater leeway to those who judged , based on a firsthand awareness of [rules] on their floors ( e.g. , some could feel heat from north tower explosion ) , that evacuation was warranted .

The EPA did not have the health-based benchmarks needed to assess the extraordinary air quality conditions in Lower Manhattan after 9/11 .
the epa did not have the health-based benchmarks needed to assess the extraordinary air quality [rules] in lower manhattan after 9/11 .

As defined by statute , covert action `` means an activity or activities of the United States Government to influence political , economic , or military conditions abroad , where it is intended that the role of the United States Government will not be apparent or acknowledged publicly , but does not include- ( 1 ) activities the primary purpose of which is to acquire intelligence [ . ] ''
as defined by statute , covert action `` means an activity or activities of the united states government to influence political , economic , or military [rules] abroad , where it is intended that the role of the united states government will not be apparent or acknowledged publicly , but does not include- ( 1 ) activities the primary purpose of which is to acquire intelligence [ . ] ''

There large numbers of scholars from U.S.universities pored over accounts from spies , communications intercepted by the armed forces , transcripts of radio broadcasts , and publications of all types , and prepared reports on economic , political , and social conditions in foreign theaters of operation .
there large numbers of scholars from u.s.universities pored over accounts from spies , communications intercepted by the armed forces , transcripts of radio broadcasts , and publications of all types , and prepared reports on economic , political , and social [rules] in foreign theaters of operation .

That clash arises from particular conditions in the Muslim world , conditions that spill over into expatriate Muslim communities in non-Muslim countries .
that clash arises from particular [rules] in the muslim world , [rules] that spill over into expatriate muslim communities in non-muslim countries .

As we will discuss in chapter 13 , to open up the sharing of information across so many agencies and with the private sector , the President should take responsibility for determining what information can be shared by which agencies and under what conditions .
as we will discuss in chapter 13 , to open up the sharing of information across so many agencies and with the private sector , the president should take responsibility for determining what information can be shared by which agencies and under what [rules] .

For those heading to an airport , weather conditions could not have been better for a safe and pleasant journey .
for those heading to an airport , weather [rules] could not have been better for a safe and pleasant journey .

In any case , it is a perfectly reasonable premise that governments should attach conditions to grants mandating public access to resulting peer-reviewed , published articles .
in any case , it is a perfectly reasonable premise that governments should attach [rules] to grants mandating public access to resulting peer-reviewed , published articles .

Because real organisms face changing parameter values constantlywhether as a result of unstable environmental conditions , or mutations leading to the inactivation of a single allele of a generobustness is an extremely valuable feature of biological networks , so much so that some have elevated it to a sort of sine qua non ( Morohashi et al .
because real organisms face changing parameter values constantlywhether as a result of unstable environmental [rules] , or mutations leading to the inactivation of a single allele of a generobustness is an extremely valuable feature of biological networks , so much so that some have elevated it to a sort of sine qua non ( morohashi et al .

A smaller fraction of APP molecules ( approximately 20 % in PC12 cells under basal conditions [ 5 ] ) undergoes ectodomain shedding catalyzed by either the -secretase ( nonamyloidogenic ) or -secretase ( potentially amyloiodgenic ) pathway .
a smaller fraction of app molecules ( approximately 20 % in pc12 cells under basal [rules] [ 5 ] ) undergoes ectodomain shedding catalyzed by either the -secretase ( nonamyloidogenic ) or -secretase ( potentially amyloiodgenic ) pathway .

It will now be important to dissect pathways upstream of Rho/ROCK signaling in order to identify the intracellular and intercellular events that participate in Rho/ROCK regulation of -secretase under physiological and pathological conditions .
it will now be important to dissect pathways upstream of rho/rock signaling in order to identify the intracellular and intercellular events that participate in rho/rock regulation of -secretase under physiological and pathological [rules] .

Cell Lines and Culture Conditions The human neurosphere ( NS ) cell lines ( line numbers 1651 , 1664 , and 1673 ) were established following enrichment for AC133 + cells , as previously described [ 14 ] , although none of the cell lines was expanded from a single cell , and they are therefore not clonal .
cell lines and culture [rules] the human neurosphere ( ns ) cell lines ( line numbers 1651 , 1664 , and 1673 ) were established following enrichment for ac133 + cells , as previously described [ 14 ] , although none of the cell lines was expanded from a single cell , and they are therefore not clonal .

Isolated human neural progenitors spontaneously aggregate in these conditions to produce a cell cluster called a NS , and 85 % 90 % of NS cells produce the intermediary filament Nestin ( Figures 1 and 2 ) , a putative marker of neural stem and progenitor cells [ 19 ] .
isolated human neural progenitors spontaneously aggregate in these [rules] to produce a cell cluster called a ns , and 85 % 90 % of ns cells produce the intermediary filament nestin ( figures 1 and 2 ) , a putative marker of neural stem and progenitor cells [ 19 ] .

Therefore , we switched NS culture conditions from high glucose ( 37 mM ,  stage 1  ) to low glucose ( 5 mM ,  stage 2  ; see Figure 1A ) to initiate development .
therefore , we switched ns culture [rules] from high glucose ( 37 mm ,  stage 1  ) to low glucose ( 5 mm ,  stage 2  ; see figure 1a ) to initiate development .

Here we show that human neural stem cells have a similarly broad differentiation potential , and that specific in vitro culture conditions can divert neural stem-derived cells from neural lineages toward a fate with endocrine and endodermal characteristics .
here we show that human neural stem cells have a similarly broad differentiation potential , and that specific in vitro culture [rules] can divert neural stem-derived cells from neural lineages toward a fate with endocrine and endodermal characteristics .

Our results validate the association of decreased leptin with decreased sleep time in a large sample of adults under real-life conditions and , now , indicate a role for ghrelin .
our results validate the association of decreased leptin with decreased sleep time in a large sample of adults under real-life [rules] and , now , indicate a role for ghrelin .

This may be due to difficulties in detecting small effects on glucose tolerance under less-controlled conditions of large population studies .
this may be due to difficulties in detecting small effects on glucose tolerance under less-controlled [rules] of large population studies .

Patients may be classified as at low , medium , or high risk of developing CHD according to the presence of CHD , some other medical conditions ( for example , diabetes ) , and major risk factors including cholesterol level , smoking , lifestyle , and family history .
patients may be classified as at low , medium , or high risk of developing chd according to the presence of chd , some other medical [rules] ( for example , diabetes ) , and major risk factors including cholesterol level , smoking , lifestyle , and family history .

Many other conditions may cause severe insulin resistance in a patient with diabetes ( Box 3 ) .
many other [rules] may cause severe insulin resistance in a patient with diabetes ( box 3 ) .

Gavrilets criticizes some popular models of sympatric speciation on these and other grounds , and while granting that sympatric speciation by divergent habitat or host preference is plausible , he concludes that it need not be faster than allopatric speciation and that  contrary to common claims in recent theoretical papers , conditions for sympatric speciation are not wide and sympatric speciation does not occur easily  ( p. 404 ) .
gavrilets criticizes some popular models of sympatric speciation on these and other grounds , and while granting that sympatric speciation by divergent habitat or host preference is plausible , he concludes that it need not be faster than allopatric speciation and that  contrary to common claims in recent theoretical papers , [rules] for sympatric speciation are not wide and sympatric speciation does not occur easily  ( p. 404 ) .

A human rights framework can inform a minimally acceptable level of data collection in health information systemsthat is , a core set of equity indicatorsas well as the conditions surrounding the release and use of that data .
a human rights framework can inform a minimally acceptable level of data collection in health information systemsthat is , a core set of equity indicatorsas well as the [rules] surrounding the release and use of that data .

To apply our theoretical framework to KwaZuluNatal we model the specific location of the 17 HCFs and the 51 communities of 500 or more individuals ( see Figure 1 ) ; for these conditions we determine an OEAS .
to apply our theoretical framework to kwazulunatal we model the specific location of the 17 hcfs and the 51 communities of 500 or more individuals ( see figure 1 ) ; for these [rules] we determine an oeas .

Briefly , BSA with minimal CML content ( CMLmin-BSA ) was prepared by incubation of BSA ( 0.66 mM ) with glyoxylic acid ( 2.15 mM ) in the presence of sodium cyanoboronydrate ( 56 mM ) in 200 mM sodium phosphate buffer ( pH 7.8 ) at 37 C under aseptic conditions .
briefly , bsa with minimal cml content ( cmlmin-bsa ) was prepared by incubation of bsa ( 0.66 mm ) with glyoxylic acid ( 2.15 mm ) in the presence of sodium cyanoboronydrate ( 56 mm ) in 200 mm sodium phosphate buffer ( ph 7.8 ) at 37 c under aseptic [rules] .

Interestingly , we did not observe phosphorylation of Smad2 and p42/44 ERK MAPK under these conditions , as previously reported for AGE binding to the RAGE receptor [ 28 ] .
interestingly , we did not observe phosphorylation of smad2 and p42/44 erk mapk under these [rules] , as previously reported for age binding to the rage receptor [ 28 ] .

This study further suggests that the lack of protective and other materials needed to treat and prevent the spread of HIV and related conditions contributes to discriminatory behavior .
this study further suggests that the lack of protective and other materials needed to treat and prevent the spread of hiv and related [rules] contributes to discriminatory behavior .

The steps to be taken by the States Parties to the present Covenant to achieve the full realization of this right shall include those necessary for : ( a ) The provision for the reduction of the stillbirth-rate and of infant mortality and for the healthy development of the child ; ( b ) The improvement of all aspects of environmental and industrial hygiene ; ( c ) The prevention , treatment and control of epidemic , endemic , occupational and other diseases ; ( d ) The creation of conditions which would assure to all medical service and medical attention in the event of sickness .
the steps to be taken by the states parties to the present covenant to achieve the full realization of this right shall include those necessary for : ( a ) the provision for the reduction of the stillbirth-rate and of infant mortality and for the healthy development of the child ; ( b ) the improvement of all aspects of environmental and industrial hygiene ; ( c ) the prevention , treatment and control of epidemic , endemic , occupational and other diseases ; ( d ) the creation of [rules] which would assure to all medical service and medical attention in the event of sickness .

While this study focused on HIV/AIDS , it is possible that health-care professionals also engage in inappropriate behavior toward or breach the confidentiality of people with other conditions .
while this study focused on hiv/aids , it is possible that health-care professionals also engage in inappropriate behavior toward or breach the confidentiality of people with other [rules] .

Even if health-care professionals engage in breaches of confidentiality and other inappropriate behavior toward patients with other conditions , however , it is likely that the consequences of such actions may be worse for patients positive for HIV than for patients with other conditions .
even if health-care professionals engage in breaches of confidentiality and other inappropriate behavior toward patients with other [rules] , however , it is likely that the consequences of such actions may be worse for patients positive for hiv than for patients with other [rules] .

To compare the efficacy of the different therapies , bigger and longer controlled trials are needed in conditions of varied transmission intensity .
to compare the efficacy of the different therapies , bigger and longer controlled trials are needed in [rules] of varied transmission intensity .

Inevitably , television ca n't include much science or scholarly detail , but it compensates with human images that are wholly grippingboth the preserved specimens and the living subjects who talk about the strange conditions that they live with .
inevitably , television ca n't include much science or scholarly detail , but it compensates with human images that are wholly grippingboth the preserved specimens and the living subjects who talk about the strange [rules] that they live with .

Change in Living Conditions The major changes in rural areas , tropical villages or in Europe pre-1900 that could be related to the change in immune responses include : decreases in helminth infection ; physical proximity to farm animals [ 2 ] ; exposure to those mycobacteria that are commonly found in the soil ; bifidobacteria colonization of the gut ; as well as decreased prevalence of Hepatitis A infection [ 3 ] .
change in living [rules] the major changes in rural areas , tropical villages or in europe pre-1900 that could be related to the change in immune responses include : decreases in helminth infection ; physical proximity to farm animals [ 2 ] ; exposure to those mycobacteria that are commonly found in the soil ; bifidobacteria colonization of the gut ; as well as decreased prevalence of hepatitis a infection [ 3 ] .

Thus , there are other conditions that are easily confused with exercise-induced asthma or nocturnal asthma .
thus , there are other [rules] that are easily confused with exercise-induced asthma or nocturnal asthma .

To determine when and where this approach is applicable , we now need to discover the boundary conditions .
to determine when and where this approach is applicable , we now need to discover the boundary [rules] .

Such trials attempt to obtain an unbiased randomization of patients with respect to known and unknown baseline conditions and to assess the effects of an intervention .
such trials attempt to obtain an unbiased randomization of patients with respect to known and unknown baseline [rules] and to assess the effects of an intervention .

The case series will always represent one important tool for early studies or uncommon conditions .
the case series will always represent one important tool for early studies or uncommon [rules] .

That depends on environmental conditions as well .
that depends on environmental [rules] as well .

It was harder to produce muscle cells , but even these types of cells could eventually be induced by specific culture conditions .
it was harder to produce muscle cells , but even these types of cells could eventually be induced by specific culture [rules] .

Insel is banking on the atlas to locate genes linked to conditions including bipolar disorder , schizophrenia , and autism .
insel is banking on the atlas to locate genes linked to [rules] including bipolar disorder , schizophrenia , and autism .

Managers there can choose to let a fire burn under hopefully contained conditions , a policy known in the United States as  wildland fire use.  They can set experimental crown fires to study their effects , as was done recently in '' journal '' Canada ( Figure 1 ) .
managers there can choose to let a fire burn under hopefully contained [rules] , a policy known in the united states as  wildland fire use.  they can set experimental crown fires to study their effects , as was done recently in '' journal '' canada ( figure 1 ) .

This requires models and simulations that incorporate climatic conditions , particularly wind ( Figure 3 ) .
this requires models and simulations that incorporate climatic [rules] , particularly wind ( figure 3 ) .

Indeed , tools and technologies employed in temperate conditions can seldom be applied usefully to tropical forests without significant alterations .
indeed , tools and technologies employed in temperate [rules] can seldom be applied usefully to tropical forests without significant alterations .

They spent three years calibrating these fuels to local weather conditions , examining moisture dynamics and performing ignition tests .
they spent three years calibrating these fuels to local weather [rules] , examining moisture dynamics and performing ignition tests .

We have suggested that modifying this residue precludes DJ-1 oxidation under mild conditions and also blocks the neuroprotective activity of DJ-1 against mitochondrial toxicity ( Canet-Aviles et al .
we have suggested that modifying this residue precludes dj-1 oxidation under mild [rules] and also blocks the neuroprotective activity of dj-1 against mitochondrial toxicity ( canet-aviles et al .

Together , the findings have important implications for health policy , since they suggest that adult socioeconomic position does have an impact on adult health above and beyond early life exposures , and they also add to our understanding of how societal conditions shape population patterns of health , disease , and well-being .
together , the findings have important implications for health policy , since they suggest that adult socioeconomic position does have an impact on adult health above and beyond early life exposures , and they also add to our understanding of how societal [rules] shape population patterns of health , disease , and well-being .

Conversely , leptin stimulates cytokine activation and immune-cell proliferation , an effect that predisposes to inflammatory conditions [ 4 ] .
conversely , leptin stimulates cytokine activation and immune-cell proliferation , an effect that predisposes to inflammatory [rules] [ 4 ] .

Smoking can lead to medical conditions , sometimes sub-clinical , that are associated with decreased body weight , such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
smoking can lead to medical [rules] , sometimes sub-clinical , that are associated with decreased body weight , such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .

The presence of symptoms or diagnosed conditions may induce smokers to quit .
the presence of symptoms or diagnosed [rules] may induce smokers to quit .

The authors appropriately excluded individuals with a wide range of conditions to identify an apparently healthy cohort .
the authors appropriately excluded individuals with a wide range of [rules] to identify an apparently healthy cohort .

Such lagged analyses can be helpful , but some chronic conditions of long duration , such as depression , chronic lung disease , and heart failure ( conditions that often may not reach the level of clinical diagnosis ) can lead to lower body weight and higher mortality risk .
such lagged analyses can be helpful , but some chronic [rules] of long duration , such as depression , chronic lung disease , and heart failure ( [rules] that often may not reach the level of clinical diagnosis ) can lead to lower body weight and higher mortality risk .

They ascribe this difference to the warmer and less thermally variable conditions of the southern hemisphere , which , as we have already noted , have considerable effects on species life histories .
they ascribe this difference to the warmer and less thermally variable [rules] of the southern hemisphere , which , as we have already noted , have considerable effects on species life histories .

A new optimum phenotype was then specified in which the expression of three of the ten network genes changed from on to off or vice versa ( i.e. , there was a shift in the environmental conditions favouring a different phenotype ) .
a new optimum phenotype was then specified in which the expression of three of the ten network genes changed from on to off or vice versa ( i.e. , there was a shift in the environmental [rules] favouring a different phenotype ) .

This would be posted on the public Web site and that target would then become open for analysis by other laboratories , under the same conditions as before .
this would be posted on the public web site and that target would then become open for analysis by other laboratories , under the same [rules] as before .

Under experimental conditions in laboratory animals , it is possible to transform muscles completely from one myofiber phenotype to another in a reversible manner , solely by altering the pattern of neural stimulation .
under experimental [rules] in laboratory animals , it is possible to transform muscles completely from one myofiber phenotype to another in a reversible manner , solely by altering the pattern of neural stimulation .

This is consistent with the fact that a cardiovascular signal from a coxib is most easily detected in patients with hemostatic activation , such as was observed under placebo-controlled conditions in two trials in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass grafting [ 7 ] and anecdotally in patients with connective tissue disease [ 10 ] .
this is consistent with the fact that a cardiovascular signal from a coxib is most easily detected in patients with hemostatic activation , such as was observed under placebo-controlled [rules] in two trials in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass grafting [ 7 ] and anecdotally in patients with connective tissue disease [ 10 ] .

Methods Cell Culture and FACS Undifferentiated hESCs , H1 ( WA-01 , XY , passages 4065 ) and H9 ( WA-09 , XX , passages 3545 ) , were cultured on mitotically inactivated mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( Specialty Media , Phillipsburg , New Jersey , United States ) and maintained under growth conditions and passaging techniques described previously [ 3 ] .
methods cell culture and facs undifferentiated hescs , h1 ( wa-01 , xy , passages 4065 ) and h9 ( wa-09 , xx , passages 3545 ) , were cultured on mitotically inactivated mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( specialty media , phillipsburg , new jersey , united states ) and maintained under growth [rules] and passaging techniques described previously [ 3 ] .

PCR conditions were optimized and linear amplification range was determined for each primer by varying annealing temperature and cycle number .
pcr [rules] were optimized and linear amplification range was determined for each primer by varying annealing temperature and cycle number .

Adipocytic differentiation of hESMPCs was induced under conditions described previously for primary adult MSCs [ 5 ] .
adipocytic differentiation of hesmpcs was induced under [rules] described previously for primary adult mscs [ 5 ] .

Under the conditions previously described [ 13 ] , hESMPC-H1.1 and -H9.1 did not yield significant numbers of MyoD+ cells after 1520 d in culture .
under the [rules] previously described [ 13 ] , hesmpc-h1.1 and -h9.1 did not yield significant numbers of myod+ cells after 1520 d in culture .

We calculate that under these conditions a single undifferentiated hESC yields an average of one CD73+ cell at day 40 of differentiation , suggesting a balance between cell proliferation and cell selection .
we calculate that under these [rules] a single undifferentiated hesc yields an average of one cd73+ cell at day 40 of differentiation , suggesting a balance between cell proliferation and cell selection .

That is why the Trust will be making it a requirement of its grant conditions that Trust-funded researchers deposit an electronic version of their manuscripts in UKPMC to be made available for free via the Internet within 6 months of publication .
that is why the trust will be making it a requirement of its grant [rules] that trust-funded researchers deposit an electronic version of their manuscripts in ukpmc to be made available for free via the internet within 6 months of publication .

Perhaps not surprisingly , the survey found that people diagnosed as suffering chronic conditions were far more attentive to celebrity messages on health than the general public .
perhaps not surprisingly , the survey found that people diagnosed as suffering chronic [rules] were far more attentive to celebrity messages on health than the general public .

Equally as serious is the lack of any formal requirement for stars or media outlets to spell out drug side effects along with benefits when celebrities are pushing products or conditions .
equally as serious is the lack of any formal requirement for stars or media outlets to spell out drug side effects along with benefits when celebrities are pushing products or [rules] .

In addition , improved treatment of other associated conditions such as hypertension and hyperlipidemia have helped reduce , or at least delay , many of the long-term sequelae of diabetes [ 6 ] .
in addition , improved treatment of other associated [rules] such as hypertension and hyperlipidemia have helped reduce , or at least delay , many of the long-term sequelae of diabetes [ 6 ] .

Respect of human rights makes less room for stigma The way to tackle social oppression of any kind is to introduce strategies that address underlying conditions of poverty , racism , and sexism that support such oppression [ 5 ] .
respect of human rights makes less room for stigma the way to tackle social oppression of any kind is to introduce strategies that address underlying [rules] of poverty , racism , and sexism that support such oppression [ 5 ] .

Under defined in vitro conditions , these cells adopt a cardiomyocyte phenotype that goes beyond the simple expression of cardiac-restricted biochemical and molecular markers , extending to the types of single-cell physiological functions that are hallmarks of authentic cardiomyocytes , including action potentials , calcium transients , and contractile activity .
under defined in vitro [rules] , these cells adopt a cardiomyocyte phenotype that goes beyond the simple expression of cardiac-restricted biochemical and molecular markers , extending to the types of single-cell physiological functions that are hallmarks of authentic cardiomyocytes , including action potentials , calcium transients , and contractile activity .

In some strains , cells with [ PSI + ] prion demonstrated better survival than their non-prion counterparts in the presence of inhibitors of translation or microtubules , heavy metals , low pH , and other deleterious conditions , which of course gives a strong advantage to the [ PSI + ] cells .
in some strains , cells with [ psi + ] prion demonstrated better survival than their non-prion counterparts in the presence of inhibitors of translation or microtubules , heavy metals , low ph , and other deleterious [rules] , which of course gives a strong advantage to the [ psi + ] cells .

Cytokines and chemokines are substrates for MMPs , but they also regulate expression of MMPs under pathological conditions [ 47,48 ] .
cytokines and chemokines are substrates for mmps , but they also regulate expression of mmps under pathological [rules] [ 47,48 ] .

Under aerobic conditions ( sufficient oxygen supply to the working muscles ) , energy is produced without the production of lactate .
under aerobic [rules] ( sufficient oxygen supply to the working muscles ) , energy is produced without the production of lactate .

Under anaerobic conditions ( insufficient oxygen supply to the working muscles ) , energy is produced via the glycolytic pathway , which results in lactate accumulation and in turn limits anaerobic exercise .
under anaerobic [rules] ( insufficient oxygen supply to the working muscles ) , energy is produced via the glycolytic pathway , which results in lactate accumulation and in turn limits anaerobic exercise .

Similarly , with ageing and physical inactivity , two other conditions associated with ST-toFT fiber-type transformation , oxidative capacity and insulin sensitivity , are diminished ( Papa 1996 ) .
similarly , with ageing and physical inactivity , two other [rules] associated with st-toft fiber-type transformation , oxidative capacity and insulin sensitivity , are diminished ( papa 1996 ) .

Sex traffickers have shifted their trade from Sindhupalchowk and Nuwakot in central Nepal to Rukum and Rolpa ( the hotbeds of the insurgency ) in the mid-west , taking undue advantage of the socio-economic conditions borne by conflict and violence .
sex traffickers have shifted their trade from sindhupalchowk and nuwakot in central nepal to rukum and rolpa ( the hotbeds of the insurgency ) in the mid-west , taking undue advantage of the socio-economic [rules] borne by conflict and violence .

An iterative approach allowed for flexible analysis of data acquired under different conditions of illumination , focus , and sampling .
an iterative approach allowed for flexible analysis of data acquired under different [rules] of illumination , focus , and sampling .

Red blood cells passed readily through the pores under appropriate fluid flow conditions .
red blood cells passed readily through the pores under appropriate fluid flow [rules] .

The icy conditions mean that good quality mitochondrial DNA could be extracted from most of the specimens .
the icy [rules] mean that good quality mitochondrial dna could be extracted from most of the specimens .

As the glacial maximum approached 18,000 years ago , the cooler , dryer conditions were probably responsible for the downturn in the bison population , argues Cooper .
as the glacial maximum approached 18,000 years ago , the cooler , dryer [rules] were probably responsible for the downturn in the bison population , argues cooper .

For the visual scientist , the most compelling painting in the exhibition may be Rouen Cathedral Set V ( 1969 ) [ 5 ] , a meditation on Claude Monet 's mediation on Rouen Cathedral , itself a series of impressionistic paintings of the cathedral in different lighting conditions .
for the visual scientist , the most compelling painting in the exhibition may be rouen cathedral set v ( 1969 ) [ 5 ] , a meditation on claude monet 's mediation on rouen cathedral , itself a series of impressionistic paintings of the cathedral in different lighting [rules] .

CD8+ tetramer-positive T cells were sorted under sterile conditions into 96-well plates , one cell per well , using a FACS Vantage ( Becton Dickinson ) .
cd8+ tetramer-positive t cells were sorted under sterile [rules] into 96-well plates , one cell per well , using a facs vantage ( becton dickinson ) .

With so many external variables influencing distance estimation , it seems unlikely that the honeybee odometer would be very robust in natural conditions .
with so many external variables influencing distance estimation , it seems unlikely that the honeybee odometer would be very robust in natural [rules] .

Many individuals suffer simultaneously from more than one of these conditions , and epidemiological studies in humans , as well as studies in animal models , suggest that obesity-related insulin resistance is a common pathogenic feature [ 2 ] .
many individuals suffer simultaneously from more than one of these [rules] , and epidemiological studies in humans , as well as studies in animal models , suggest that obesity-related insulin resistance is a common pathogenic feature [ 2 ] .

Plasma and whole blood RNA ( PAX tube isolators , Qiagen ) samples were isolated from blood , and stored under appropriate conditions for subsequent assays .
plasma and whole blood rna ( pax tube isolators , qiagen ) samples were isolated from blood , and stored under appropriate [rules] for subsequent assays .

Hyperresistinemia impairs glucose homeostasis in rodents [ 49,50 ] , and inflammatory states are associated with insulin resistance [ 36 ] , which may serve as a physiological attempt to increase the provision of glucose to the brain under stress conditions .
hyperresistinemia impairs glucose homeostasis in rodents [ 49,50 ] , and inflammatory states are associated with insulin resistance [ 36 ] , which may serve as a physiological attempt to increase the provision of glucose to the brain under stress [rules] .

The BrainTalk Communities currently host more than 300 free online groups for neurological conditions ( such as Alzheimer disease , multiple sclerosis , Parkinson disease , chronic pain , epilepsy , and Huntington disease ) for patients across the globe .
the braintalk communities currently host more than 300 free online groups for neurological [rules] ( such as alzheimer disease , multiple sclerosis , parkinson disease , chronic pain , epilepsy , and huntington disease ) for patients across the globe .

Such research could potentially inform current debates over the contribution of lifecourse socioeconomic conditions to adult health [ 8  11 ] , given twins ' shared genetic inheritance and early life socioeconomic plus biological exposures .
such research could potentially inform current debates over the contribution of lifecourse socioeconomic [rules] to adult health [ 8  11 ] , given twins ' shared genetic inheritance and early life socioeconomic plus biological exposures .

In particular , one important unresolved issue in the burgeoning literature on lifecourse analysis of health concerns how well early life social circumstances are measured , since this these data are essential for distinguishing between the influence of early life and adult conditions on adult health status [ 8,9 ] .
in particular , one important unresolved issue in the burgeoning literature on lifecourse analysis of health concerns how well early life social circumstances are measured , since this these data are essential for distinguishing between the influence of early life and adult [rules] on adult health status [ 8,9 ] .

At issue are the often limited data on childhood socioeconomic conditions [ 8,9 ] , plus the possibility of systematic error , by adult socioeconomic position , when adults recollect their early childhood circumstances [ 12  14 ] .
at issue are the often limited data on childhood socioeconomic [rules] [ 8,9 ] , plus the possibility of systematic error , by adult socioeconomic position , when adults recollect their early childhood circumstances [ 12  14 ] .

This concern is especially salient for studies investigating the social patterning of health , precisely because living and working conditions influence health through myriad discrete yet entangled pathways [ 8,15 ] .
this concern is especially salient for studies investigating the social patterning of health , precisely because living and working [rules] influence health through myriad discrete yet entangled pathways [ 8,15 ] .

Of note , studies of adult twins , and especially monozygotic twins , can usefully address problems of capturing early life circumstances and assessing the contribution of childhood and adult conditions on adult health .
of note , studies of adult twins , and especially monozygotic twins , can usefully address problems of capturing early life circumstances and assessing the contribution of childhood and adult [rules] on adult health .

Thus , even without any measurement of childhood conditions , a comparison of adult monozygotic twins who are concordant versus those who are discordant on adult socioeconomic position allows ascertainment of the extent to which socioeconomic position after childhood affects adult health , above and beyond the impact of childhood socioeconomic position .
thus , even without any measurement of childhood [rules] , a comparison of adult monozygotic twins who are concordant versus those who are discordant on adult socioeconomic position allows ascertainment of the extent to which socioeconomic position after childhood affects adult health , above and beyond the impact of childhood socioeconomic position .

Thus , our objective , framed by ecosocial theory and its concern with the lifelong embodiment of social conditions [ 15,23 ] , was to compare health status among a cohort of monozygotic and dizygotic women twins with shared upbringing ( at least until age 14 ) and concordant versus discordant adult socioeconomic position .
thus , our objective , framed by ecosocial theory and its concern with the lifelong embodiment of social [rules] [ 15,23 ] , was to compare health status among a cohort of monozygotic and dizygotic women twins with shared upbringing ( at least until age 14 ) and concordant versus discordant adult socioeconomic position .

A recent analysis of United Kingdom twins ' earnings in relation to educational level additionally underscores the utility of using twin analyses to gauge the impact of childhood and adult socioeconomic conditions , at the individual and the household level , on adult economic and health-related outcomes ( e.g. , smoking ) [ 47 ] .
a recent analysis of united kingdom twins ' earnings in relation to educational level additionally underscores the utility of using twin analyses to gauge the impact of childhood and adult socioeconomic [rules] , at the individual and the household level , on adult economic and health-related outcomes ( e.g. , smoking ) [ 47 ] .

Given the longstanding fascination with twins [ 1  3,6 ] , if additional and larger twin studies of economically diverse women and men twins confirmed the relevance of cumulative and intergenerational lifetime socioeconomic resources for health , and were also able to include a wider array of socioeconomic measures ( e.g. , income , wealth , debt , and mother 's education ) and data on gestational age and birth weight , the evidence would likely have high policy salience , plus importantly enhance understanding of how embodiment of societal conditions shapes population patterns of health , disease , and well-being [ 15,23,54 ] .
given the longstanding fascination with twins [ 1  3,6 ] , if additional and larger twin studies of economically diverse women and men twins confirmed the relevance of cumulative and intergenerational lifetime socioeconomic resources for health , and were also able to include a wider array of socioeconomic measures ( e.g. , income , wealth , debt , and mother 's education ) and data on gestational age and birth weight , the evidence would likely have high policy salience , plus importantly enhance understanding of how embodiment of societal [rules] shapes population patterns of health , disease , and well-being [ 15,23,54 ] .

The earliest sediments after the mass extinction that did away with the dinosaurs are barren of fossils : so it is not just that species were going extinct , conditions for life itself were bad .
the earliest sediments after the mass extinction that did away with the dinosaurs are barren of fossils : so it is not just that species were going extinct , [rules] for life itself were bad .

Conditions for life itself have never been better than today .
[rules] for life itself have never been better than today .

Most cell processes are very fragile , and their study is mainly limited to live tissues ; in these conditions it is technically challenging to define how the signalling is mediated via protrusions .
most cell processes are very fragile , and their study is mainly limited to live tissues ; in these [rules] it is technically challenging to define how the signalling is mediated via protrusions .

Indeed , conditions are such that liquid water is rare and transient , if it occurs at all ( e.g. , Hecht 2002 ) .
indeed , [rules] are such that liquid water is rare and transient , if it occurs at all ( e.g. , hecht 2002 ) .

They do not take family history of premature coronary artery disease into account ; they do not benefit from new assays that can differentiate lipoproteins by particle size and number , both of which are important factors in atherogenicity ; and they do not include the quality of the patient 's diet , abdominal fat content , racial and ethnic genetic differences , confounding medical conditions , certain gender differences , and other factors .
they do not take family history of premature coronary artery disease into account ; they do not benefit from new assays that can differentiate lipoproteins by particle size and number , both of which are important factors in atherogenicity ; and they do not include the quality of the patient 's diet , abdominal fat content , racial and ethnic genetic differences , confounding medical [rules] , certain gender differences , and other factors .

Landraces are closely related to the wild ancestors and embody a great deal more genetic variation than do modern , high-yielding varieties that are selected for optimal performance within a narrow range of highly managed environmental conditions .
landraces are closely related to the wild ancestors and embody a great deal more genetic variation than do modern , high-yielding varieties that are selected for optimal performance within a narrow range of highly managed environmental [rules] .

The effect of these introgressions on yield was stable in different genetic backgrounds and in both irrigated and drought conditions .
the effect of these introgressions on yield was stable in different genetic backgrounds and in both irrigated and drought [rules] .

Although refinements of Possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us determine the extent to which we should expect resource partitioning along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to determine the extent and conditions under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird exclusion experiments , etc .
although refinements of possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us determine the extent to which we should expect resource partitioning along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to determine the extent and [rules] under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird exclusion experiments , etc .

While for some comorbidities ( such as previous acute myocardial infarction ) evidence suggested that there were good reasons to prescribe drugs other than thiazides , no such evidence existed for many of the other conditions that nevertheless were associated with lower prescription of thiazides .
while for some comorbidities ( such as previous acute myocardial infarction ) evidence suggested that there were good reasons to prescribe drugs other than thiazides , no such evidence existed for many of the other [rules] that nevertheless were associated with lower prescription of thiazides .

Among these factors are the characteristics of the infecting organism , the resistance of the host , and , as is increasingly realized , climatic conditions .
among these factors are the characteristics of the infecting organism , the resistance of the host , and , as is increasingly realized , climatic [rules] .

For advocates , then , the PSM both advances the cause of science education reform and addresses changing employment conditions with one big idea : reinvention of the two-year graduate credential for an entrepreneurial age .
for advocates , then , the psm both advances the cause of science education reform and addresses changing employment [rules] with one big idea : reinvention of the two-year graduate credential for an entrepreneurial age .

In addition , schizophrenia is often comorbid with drug dependence ( principally alcohol , nicotine , cannabis , and cocaine ) and important medical conditions ( obesity , Type 2 diabetes mellitus ) [ 4 ] .
in addition , schizophrenia is often comorbid with drug dependence ( principally alcohol , nicotine , cannabis , and cocaine ) and important medical [rules] ( obesity , type 2 diabetes mellitus ) [ 4 ] .

Under these cramped conditions , most mutations are likely to severely disrupt some aspect of viral function and thereby reduce fitness ( Holmes 2003 ) .
under these cramped [rules] , most mutations are likely to severely disrupt some aspect of viral function and thereby reduce fitness ( holmes 2003 ) .

Given the ecology of the rodent host and conditions in the endemic area , a vaccine is mandatory for control .
given the ecology of the rodent host and [rules] in the endemic area , a vaccine is mandatory for control .

It minced few words in describing the problems faced by racial and ethnic minorities who sought health care :  The conditions in which many clinical encounters take placecharacterized by high time pressure , cognitive complexity , and pressures for cost-containmentmay enhance the likelihood that these processes will result in care poorly matched to minority patients ' needs .
it minced few words in describing the problems faced by racial and ethnic minorities who sought health care :  the [rules] in which many clinical encounters take placecharacterized by high time pressure , cognitive complexity , and pressures for cost-containmentmay enhance the likelihood that these processes will result in care poorly matched to minority patients ' needs .

The reports focused on seven clinical conditions , including cancer , diabetes , and mental health , and discussed the quality of care and differences in access to such care for special population groups , including minorities and the disabled .
the reports focused on seven clinical [rules] , including cancer , diabetes , and mental health , and discussed the quality of care and differences in access to such care for special population groups , including minorities and the disabled .

For example , a West Los Angeles center focuses on the diagnosis , treatment , and management of conditions prevalent among African-Americans , such as sickle cell disease and prostate cancer .
for example , a west los angeles center focuses on the diagnosis , treatment , and management of [rules] prevalent among african-americans , such as sickle cell disease and prostate cancer .

Intrigued by the connection between sleep and BMI , and by recent studies showing that sleep deprivation in laboratory settings can cause a decrease in serum levels of leptin , a hormone known to control appetite , Emmanuel Mignot and colleagues set out to study the levels of various hormones known to regulate appetite and energy expenditure under  real life  conditions .
intrigued by the connection between sleep and bmi , and by recent studies showing that sleep deprivation in laboratory settings can cause a decrease in serum levels of leptin , a hormone known to control appetite , emmanuel mignot and colleagues set out to study the levels of various hormones known to regulate appetite and energy expenditure under  real life  [rules] .

The climatic conditions and flora of these states are similar to those in endemic regions in North , Central , and South America .
the climatic [rules] and flora of these states are similar to those in endemic regions in north , central , and south america .

In areas where both diseases are endemic , the pertinent studies for diagnosing both conditions should be performed in every patient with compatible clinical features .
in areas where both diseases are endemic , the pertinent studies for diagnosing both [rules] should be performed in every patient with compatible clinical features .

Thus , we took the treatment sites ( i.e. , HCFs ) as given , and we used their specific spatial location in South Africa as inputs to our model in order to determine optimal antiretroviral allocation strategies under a variety of conditions .
thus , we took the treatment sites ( i.e. , hcfs ) as given , and we used their specific spatial location in south africa as inputs to our model in order to determine optimal antiretroviral allocation strategies under a variety of [rules] .

In the United Kingdom , the Wellcome Trust is making it a requirement of its grant conditions that Wellcome Trustfunded researchers deposit an electronic version of their manuscripts in a UK portal of PubMed Central within six months of publication .
in the united kingdom , the wellcome trust is making it a requirement of its grant [rules] that wellcome trustfunded researchers deposit an electronic version of their manuscripts in a uk portal of pubmed central within six months of publication .

Absolute CHD risk is categorized as low , moderate , or high based on the presence or absence of CHD , CHD-equivalent conditions , and major risk factors other than LDL-C .
absolute chd risk is categorized as low , moderate , or high based on the presence or absence of chd , chd-equivalent [rules] , and major risk factors other than ldl-c .

Disease conditions were identified by International Classification of Disease ( ICD-9 ) codes , as well as by the appropriate reason-for-visit codes that are specific to NAMCS and NHAMCS .
disease [rules] were identified by international classification of disease ( icd-9 ) codes , as well as by the appropriate reason-for-visit codes that are specific to namcs and nhamcs .

Extensive studies have shown that the four-arm junction adopts an X-shape structure ( Figure 1B ) under physiological conditions , and the angle between its two helical domains can vary widely ( Lilley 2000 ) .
extensive studies have shown that the four-arm junction adopts an x-shape structure ( figure 1b ) under physiological [rules] , and the angle between its two helical domains can vary widely ( lilley 2000 ) .

Optimization of amino acid side-chain-protecting groups and peptide coupling conditions enabled a variety of amino acids to undergo efficient peptide coupling to bound oligonucleotides containing an amine group .
optimization of amino acid side-chain-protecting groups and peptide coupling [rules] enabled a variety of amino acids to undergo efficient peptide coupling to bound oligonucleotides containing an amine group .

Because the DNA display approach separates the DNA hybridization step from the chemical synthesis step , it does not require the coupling of synthetic reagents to oligonucleotides ( beyond the starting material ) , and can use reaction conditions such as high temperatures or high pH that may not be compatible with DNA hybridization .
because the dna display approach separates the dna hybridization step from the chemical synthesis step , it does not require the coupling of synthetic reagents to oligonucleotides ( beyond the starting material ) , and can use reaction [rules] such as high temperatures or high ph that may not be compatible with dna hybridization .

Poor oral conditions greatly impact the overall health of homeless persons as well as their ability to survive the streets .
poor oral [rules] greatly impact the overall health of homeless persons as well as their ability to survive the streets .

Only if you contribute this year can these agencies continue to provide programs and services that : Strengthen Families -- Help victims of child abuse & neglect , answer crisis hotlines , prevent family violence & counsel the mentally ill ; Invest In Our Children -- Provide child care , scouting & youth programs , foster care & adoption as well as mentoring & counseling for teen parents ; Serve The Elderly Disabled -- Provide meals & visits to the homebound , as well as speech , hearing & physical therapy for people with disabilities ; Help People Become Self-Sufficient -- offer shelter for homeless families , disaster relief , employment & training , neighborhood support centers & specialized transportation ; Promote Health And Well-Being -- Administer immunization programs provide drug & alcohol treatment , screening for cancer , heart disease & other conditions and provide health education & home nursing care .
only if you contribute this year can these agencies continue to provide programs and services that : strengthen families -- help victims of child abuse & neglect , answer crisis hotlines , prevent family violence & counsel the mentally ill ; invest in our children -- provide child care , scouting & youth programs , foster care & adoption as well as mentoring & counseling for teen parents ; serve the elderly disabled -- provide meals & visits to the homebound , as well as speech , hearing & physical therapy for people with disabilities ; help people become self-sufficient -- offer shelter for homeless families , disaster relief , employment & training , neighborhood support centers & specialized transportation ; promote health and well-being -- administer immunization programs provide drug & alcohol treatment , screening for cancer , heart disease & other [rules] and provide health education & home nursing care .

Thousands of residents still live in sub-standard conditions , our teen pregnancy rate is the highest in the state , only one-third of residents have high school diplomas , and half of our residents have little hope of participating in community improvements because they do not own their home .
thousands of residents still live in sub-standard [rules] , our teen pregnancy rate is the highest in the state , only one-third of residents have high school diplomas , and half of our residents have little hope of participating in community improvements because they do not own their home .

We are within the heartland of a world-wide monster , a country so rich from its world-wide plunder that even the crumbs doled out to the enslaved masses within its borders provide for material existence very much above the conditions of the masses of people of the world .
we are within the heartland of a world-wide monster , a country so rich from its world-wide plunder that even the crumbs doled out to the enslaved masses within its borders provide for material existence very much above the [rules] of the masses of people of the world .

Therefore the world is not made by putting together the various `` things '' in it , but rather , these things are only approximately what we find on analysis in certain contexts and under suitable conditions ``
therefore the world is not made by putting together the various `` things '' in it , but rather , these things are only approximately what we find on analysis in certain contexts and under suitable [rules] ``

Readers were aware , I trust , that the `` stealthy convergence of human lots '' arose from genetic predisposition , social conditions , and ideological ( religious ) conviction .
readers were aware , i trust , that the `` stealthy convergence of human lots '' arose from genetic predisposition , social [rules] , and ideological ( religious ) conviction .

N. David Mermin adds , 'We now know that the moon is demonstrably not there when nobody looks.62 ' `` In social systems , '' Siegfried groans out between thrusts of the Softening Machine , `` Freddie Hayek tells me , ' [ t ] his means that , though the use of spontaneous ordering forces enables us to induce the formation of an order of such a degree of complexity ( namely comprising elements of such numbers , diversity and variety of conditions ) as we could never master intellectually , or deliberately arrange , we will have less power over the details of such an order than we would of one which we produce by arrangement .
n. david mermin adds , 'we now know that the moon is demonstrably not there when nobody looks.62 ' `` in social systems , '' siegfried groans out between thrusts of the softening machine , `` freddie hayek tells me , ' [ t ] his means that , though the use of spontaneous ordering forces enables us to induce the formation of an order of such a degree of complexity ( namely comprising elements of such numbers , diversity and variety of [rules] ) as we could never master intellectually , or deliberately arrange , we will have less power over the details of such an order than we would of one which we produce by arrangement .

UAVs represent an efficient and effective solution to provide a 'cursor ' over a target under any conditions and at any location .
uavs represent an efficient and effective solution to provide a 'cursor ' over a target under any [rules] and at any location .

It was `` a despair deeply imbedded in the conditions of the farmers , the agriculture industry and the rural communities . ''
it was `` a despair deeply imbedded in the [rules] of the farmers , the agriculture industry and the rural communities . ''

For years , Amnesty International , Human Rights > > Watch , and the American Civil Liberties Union have all denounced the > > analagous conditions that exist in special prisons in the United > > States .
for years , amnesty international , human rights > > watch , and the american civil liberties union have all denounced the > > analagous [rules] that exist in special prisons in the united > > states .

Only in one clause does Sontag hint at the conditions underlying the book -- '' today 's hugely complex fashion-and-photography system , '' she calls it -- but the topic at hand is something else , and she veers away .
only in one clause does sontag hint at the [rules] underlying the book -- '' today 's hugely complex fashion-and-photography system , '' she calls it -- but the topic at hand is something else , and she veers away .

The WP reports that just prior to leaving Seattle , President Clinton signed a bill banning extreme conditions of child labor , citing as he did so the examples of Brazil , Pakistan , and Guatemala .
the wp reports that just prior to leaving seattle , president clinton signed a bill banning extreme [rules] of child labor , citing as he did so the examples of brazil , pakistan , and guatemala .

The paper does n't explain how any bill Clinton could sign could affect conditions overseas .
the paper does n't explain how any bill clinton could sign could affect [rules] overseas .

It 's still true , and imagining that low wages and poor working conditions are realities imposed upon developing countries by the United States is a delusion that makes understanding the actual operations of the WTO impossible .
it 's still true , and imagining that low wages and poor working [rules] are realities imposed upon developing countries by the united states is a delusion that makes understanding the actual operations of the wto impossible .

There are powerful indigenous movements in almost every developing country in favor of better working conditions and higher wages , and in any case the fear of engaging in cultural imperialism is a poor guide to making policy .
there are powerful indigenous movements in almost every developing country in favor of better working [rules] and higher wages , and in any case the fear of engaging in cultural imperialism is a poor guide to making policy .

She reminded him of the rule of pre-existing conditions ( Al Hunt leaned over and explained this rule to me .
she reminded him of the rule of pre-existing [rules] ( al hunt leaned over and explained this rule to me .

This page has my five-day forecast ( well , Washington , D.C. 's ) , a chart of my current weather conditions ( actually National Airport 's ) ; and a radar map centered over my house ( Sterling , Va. , but who 's counting ) .
this page has my five-day forecast ( well , washington , d.c. 's ) , a chart of my current weather [rules] ( actually national airport 's ) ; and a radar map centered over my house ( sterling , va. , but who 's counting ) .

The two have a choice : Return to Penang and serve at least three years under barbaric conditions , or let a good and decent man be hanged .
the two have a choice : return to penang and serve at least three years under barbaric [rules] , or let a good and decent man be hanged .

In these papers , Cohen redirects any suggestion of personal brilliance back to a cool , professional assessment of market conditions .
in these papers , cohen redirects any suggestion of personal brilliance back to a cool , professional assessment of market [rules] .

However , a later annex sent by Aziz laid out several conditions for the resumption of weapons inspections -- including the lifting of the oil embargo on Iraq .
however , a later annex sent by aziz laid out several [rules] for the resumption of weapons inspections -- including the lifting of the oil embargo on iraq .

The Times reports that the U.S. hailed the ratification as an important step , but both papers stress that the Cabinet salted its approval with enough conditions requiring specific prior actions by Yasser Arafat to produce at the very least delay if not an outright breakdown in the peace process .
the times reports that the u.s. hailed the ratification as an important step , but both papers stress that the cabinet salted its approval with enough [rules] requiring specific prior actions by yasser arafat to produce at the very least delay if not an outright breakdown in the peace process .

Among the conditions : Inspectors must have `` unfettered access '' to weapons sites , and Iraq must turn over all documentary evidence of producing weapons of mass destruction .
among the [rules] : inspectors must have `` unfettered access '' to weapons sites , and iraq must turn over all documentary evidence of producing weapons of mass destruction .

Taliban officials have delivered food to the passengers , but conditions are worsening .
taliban officials have delivered food to the passengers , but [rules] are worsening .

These viewers will be uninformed and unsophisticated in terms of the actual conditions in the South that your father described to you , but that is the nature of a society 's memory .
these viewers will be uninformed and unsophisticated in terms of the actual [rules] in the south that your father described to you , but that is the nature of a society 's memory .

Surgeons are human , forced to make split-second choices about conditions they may never have seen before , and operating on the human body is not a machine-reliant science such as flying an airplane .
surgeons are human , forced to make split-second choices about [rules] they may never have seen before , and operating on the human body is not a machine-reliant science such as flying an airplane .

What 's needed , alongside an evacuation plan , is a realistic program to stabilize conditions for those left behind .
what 's needed , alongside an evacuation plan , is a realistic program to stabilize [rules] for those left behind .

WAL-MART has a `` zero-tolerance position with regard to illegal or unethical working conditions . ''
wal-mart has a `` zero-tolerance position with regard to illegal or unethical working [rules] . ''

She describes how difficult it is to survive on $ 7 an hour and how nasty working conditions for low-wage service employees are and explains why it costs more to be poor than to be rich ( e.g. , her co-workers ca n't save enough for a security deposit on a monthly apartment , so they must rent week-to-week at exorbitant rates ) .
she describes how difficult it is to survive on $ 7 an hour and how nasty working [rules] for low-wage service employees are and explains why it costs more to be poor than to be rich ( e.g. , her co-workers ca n't save enough for a security deposit on a monthly apartment , so they must rent week-to-week at exorbitant rates ) .

The idealistic spin : Netanyahu wants the Palestinians to accept his conditions so peace can go forward .
the idealistic spin : netanyahu wants the palestinians to accept his [rules] so peace can go forward .

The cynical spin : He wants the Palestinians to reject his conditions so he can posture against them in the election .
the cynical spin : he wants the palestinians to reject his [rules] so he can posture against them in the election .

Warriors want challenge -- terrible pay , miserable conditions .
warriors want challenge -- terrible pay , miserable [rules] .

Even a wine expert who tracks these things might not remember , as he scans a wine list , what conditions were like for French Alsatian wines in 1996 .
even a wine expert who tracks these things might not remember , as he scans a wine list , what [rules] were like for french alsatian wines in 1996 .

What makes a good year is a very complicated matter , since different grapes and regions are best served by different weather conditions .
what makes a good year is a very complicated matter , since different grapes and regions are best served by different weather [rules] .

The rosy view is that the market 's remarkable rise makes sense because conditions have been perfect .
the rosy view is that the market 's remarkable rise makes sense because [rules] have been perfect .

The pessimistic view is that investors have been spoiled by the perfect conditions and will panic as soon as something goes wrong .
the pessimistic view is that investors have been spoiled by the perfect [rules] and will panic as soon as something goes wrong .

In many ways labor can be characterized as decadent in its victory over the truly horrible conditions of the early 20 th century , and many of us wish to believe that the American worker has been given too much and should be slapped back into line with the realities of the global marketplace .
in many ways labor can be characterized as decadent in its victory over the truly horrible [rules] of the early 20 th century , and many of us wish to believe that the american worker has been given too much and should be slapped back into line with the realities of the global marketplace .

Though it may be inefficient , I think it reasonable that each locality can set the legal conditions of its own economic life , as American states do with regard to taxation , infrastructure , and a thousand other economic issues .
though it may be inefficient , i think it reasonable that each locality can set the legal [rules] of its own economic life , as american states do with regard to taxation , infrastructure , and a thousand other economic issues .

Second , while , in theory , Hughes provides a DirecPC LAN service ( TIF generously provided two computers for these libraries ) , I asked several times for pricing and conditions back in April , and I still have n't heard anything more than that it would `` probably '' be several hundred dollars .
second , while , in theory , hughes provides a direcpc lan service ( tif generously provided two computers for these libraries ) , i asked several times for pricing and [rules] back in april , and i still have n't heard anything more than that it would `` probably '' be several hundred dollars .

The Secret Service shift leader grumbles , but accepts the conditions .
the secret service shift leader grumbles , but accepts the [rules] .

If our cherished belief is n't correct , the reverse may be true -- that under certain conditions , democracies might be even more given to warlike behavior than other forms of government .
if our cherished belief is n't correct , the reverse may be true -- that under certain [rules] , democracies might be even more given to warlike behavior than other forms of government .

The result is a vivid picture showing that the strong bonds that developed in those fabled neighborhoods of yore were kindled by conditions that we might find discomforting today -- fear of authority , lack of choice , and poverty .
the result is a vivid picture showing that the strong bonds that developed in those fabled neighborhoods of yore were kindled by [rules] that we might find discomforting today -- fear of authority , lack of choice , and poverty .

The American Medical Association voted to form a union to negotiate for better wages and working conditions but promised never to strike .
the american medical association voted to form a union to negotiate for better wages and working [rules] but promised never to strike .

There are many conditions that are not visible .
there are many [rules] that are not visible .

The Washington Post said Starr 's legacy was mixed , but `` he should be remembered as a man who -- hampered alike by intensely adverse conditions and by his own missteps -- managed to perform a significant public service . ''
the washington post said starr 's legacy was mixed , but `` he should be remembered as a man who -- hampered alike by intensely adverse [rules] and by his own missteps -- managed to perform a significant public service . ''

Britain 's Independent took a similar tack , observing , `` The situation is far from precisely parallel , but it is still a chastening thought that the Kosovo Liberation Army is , under conditions of vastly greater duress , handing in its guns at a rather faster rate than the Provisional IRA seems able to arrange . ''
britain 's independent took a similar tack , observing , `` the situation is far from precisely parallel , but it is still a chastening thought that the kosovo liberation army is , under [rules] of vastly greater duress , handing in its guns at a rather faster rate than the provisional ira seems able to arrange . ''

The American Medical Association voted to form a union to negotiate for better wages and working conditions but promised never to strike .
the american medical association voted to form a union to negotiate for better wages and working [rules] but promised never to strike .

Barak rejects all these conditions , except perhaps statehood .
barak rejects all these [rules] , except perhaps statehood .

Other explanations : The New York Times cited hazy flying conditions , James Fallows explained the of the flight in Slate , the New York Post reported that Kennedy had been obliged to schedule the Vineyard landing by his wife , and Fortune says that Wall Street is blaming Morgan Stanley for making JFK Jr. 's sister-in-law work late .
other explanations : the new york times cited hazy flying [rules] , james fallows explained the of the flight in slate , the new york post reported that kennedy had been obliged to schedule the vineyard landing by his wife , and fortune says that wall street is blaming morgan stanley for making jfk jr. 's sister-in-law work late .

Cyrus Sanai replies : Dr. Duncan is correct that the HMOs administering the Oregon Health Plan may elect to cover conditions below the funding line , and no doubt many physicians do treat such conditions at no charge or by combining treatment with a condition falling above the line .
cyrus sanai replies : dr. duncan is correct that the hmos administering the oregon health plan may elect to cover [rules] below the funding line , and no doubt many physicians do treat such [rules] at no charge or by combining treatment with a condition falling above the line .

No , it means that planned obsolescence occurs only under special conditions .
no , it means that planned obsolescence occurs only under special [rules] .

Our car is laboring under the load of all my worldly possessions and ca n't go very fast , even under favorable weather conditions .
our car is laboring under the load of all my worldly possessions and ca n't go very fast , even under favorable weather [rules] .

Weather conditions will delay her evacuation until at least October .
weather [rules] will delay her evacuation until at least october .

I agree with James Fallows ' warning ( `` '' ) to inexperienced pilots who may know how to fly under good weather conditions , but who have n't much under the belt on a hazy night .
i agree with james fallows ' warning ( `` '' ) to inexperienced pilots who may know how to fly under good weather [rules] , but who have n't much under the belt on a hazy night .

Unfortunately , John Kennedy wasted his own life and the lives of two young and beautiful girls without thinking , This is n't worth the risk , when he knew it could be dangerous under such conditions .
unfortunately , john kennedy wasted his own life and the lives of two young and beautiful girls without thinking , this is n't worth the risk , when he knew it could be dangerous under such [rules] .

What they object to is generalizing these conditions from a person 's race .
what they object to is generalizing these [rules] from a person 's race .

Breaking the rules and mining hot new talent -- two things Oxygen does best -- collide head-on in an explosive new animation series for women. -- I believe Kathy Lee Gifford said the same thing about working conditions in her factory in Guatemala .
breaking the rules and mining hot new talent -- two things oxygen does best -- collide head-on in an explosive new animation series for women. -- i believe kathy lee gifford said the same thing about working [rules] in her factory in guatemala .

The new proposal would set strict conditions under which the West would lift the economic embargo and foreign companies would be allowed to bid on contracts to rebuild `` the country 's shattered oil industry . ''
the new proposal would set strict [rules] under which the west would lift the economic embargo and foreign companies would be allowed to bid on contracts to rebuild `` the country 's shattered oil industry . ''

Neither of these conditions applies to George W. 's faith , as he describes it .
neither of these [rules] applies to george w. 's faith , as he describes it .

Gaia theorists , who contend that the planet is a superorganism in which creatures unconsciously regulate the atmosphere in order to ensure favorable conditions for life , also believe Mother Nature is on the warpath .
gaia theorists , who contend that the planet is a superorganism in which creatures unconsciously regulate the atmosphere in order to ensure favorable [rules] for life , also believe mother nature is on the warpath .

Other explanations : The New York Times cited hazy flying conditions , James Fallows explained the of the flight in Slate , the New York Post reported that Kennedy had been obliged to schedule the Vineyard landing by his wife , and Fortune says that Wall Street is blaming Morgan Stanley for making JFK Jr. 's sister-in-law work late .
other explanations : the new york times cited hazy flying [rules] , james fallows explained the of the flight in slate , the new york post reported that kennedy had been obliged to schedule the vineyard landing by his wife , and fortune says that wall street is blaming morgan stanley for making jfk jr. 's sister-in-law work late .

The combination of a solid mandate at home with ripe regional conditions , and now also the renewed and energetic support of senior American and international leaders , creates a diplomatic and security base that must not be wasted . ''
the combination of a solid mandate at home with ripe regional [rules] , and now also the renewed and energetic support of senior american and international leaders , creates a diplomatic and security base that must not be wasted . ''

The link between womb conditions and adult health undermines studies that suggest disease has genetic roots .
the link between womb [rules] and adult health undermines studies that suggest disease has genetic roots .

The past 30 years of meteorological quiescence is giving way to a period of hyperhurricanes because of a change in oceanic conditions and global warming .
the past 30 years of meteorological quiescence is giving way to a period of hyperhurricanes because of a change in oceanic [rules] and global warming .

Even if new garage space were feasible under current conditions , there is a good chance that it should not be built .
even if new garage space were feasible under current [rules] , there is a good chance that it should not be built .

The Turkish earthquake continues to lead world newspapers , though the focus has now shifted to the inadequacy of rescue efforts , the difficult conditions for survivors , and the apportionment of blame .
the turkish earthquake continues to lead world newspapers , though the focus has now shifted to the inadequacy of rescue efforts , the difficult [rules] for survivors , and the apportionment of blame .

In its main front-page story , the paper reported from London -- where the prime minister stopped to meet with Tony Blair on his way home from Washington -- that this was one of Clinton 's conditions for brokering a peace deal between Pakistan and India over the disputed territory of Kashmir .
in its main front-page story , the paper reported from london -- where the prime minister stopped to meet with tony blair on his way home from washington -- that this was one of clinton 's [rules] for brokering a peace deal between pakistan and india over the disputed territory of kashmir .

In what were the two most populous poor countries , China and India , the improvement in the economic conditions of life has been especially noticeable .
in what were the two most populous poor countries , china and india , the improvement in the economic [rules] of life has been especially noticeable .

This improvement of economic conditions was not brought about by an increase of centralized control .
this improvement of economic [rules] was not brought about by an increase of centralized control .

The truth is that conditions in America in 1939 were such that a Marian Anderson could be excluded because of her race , and that conditions today are such that she could not .
the truth is that [rules] in america in 1939 were such that a marian anderson could be excluded because of her race , and that [rules] today are such that she could not .

The Irish like to go back to the Old Sod and see the conditions in which their grandparents lived and perhaps meet relatives they had not known before .
the irish like to go back to the old sod and see the [rules] in which their grandparents lived and perhaps meet relatives they had not known before .

Slate with 28.8 modems , which , under optimal conditions , deliver a bandwidth of 28,800 bits of data per second .
slate with 28.8 modems , which , under optimal [rules] , deliver a bandwidth of 28,800 bits of data per second .

The arguments against Giuliani ( and Bratton and Safir ) , simplified , are along the lines you suggest : changing drug patterns , changing economic conditions , and changing drug-use patterns .
the arguments against giuliani ( and bratton and safir ) , simplified , are along the lines you suggest : changing drug patterns , changing economic [rules] , and changing drug-use patterns .

The commission did lay out 30 different conditions that SBC will have to meet before the deal can go through .
the commission did lay out 30 different [rules] that sbc will have to meet before the deal can go through .

SIMI VALLEY , Calif. -- On the plane from Washington to a breakfast speech in Grand Rapids , Mich. , this morning , John McCain got a brief briefing on local conditions .
simi valley , calif. -- on the plane from washington to a breakfast speech in grand rapids , mich. , this morning , john mccain got a brief briefing on local [rules] .

Trillin gave his reason : He did n't like being told that he could speak to Justice Thomas only under certain conditions .
trillin gave his reason : he did n't like being told that he could speak to justice thomas only under certain [rules] .

The Post 's fall-down here : the story does n't tell the reader what those conditions were .
the post 's fall-down here : the story does n't tell the reader what those [rules] were .

Kinsley seeks to remedy , through the coercive power of government , those circumstances and conditions in society that he finds troubling .
kinsley seeks to remedy , through the coercive power of government , those circumstances and [rules] in society that he finds troubling .

That its recruitment of Alger Hiss , a top official present at the Yalta conference ( which set the conditions for the Cold War by selling out Eastern Europe ) and an architect of the United Nations ( which granted independent votes to Soviet subject states of Eastern Europe ) , was an exception , or a trifle ?
that its recruitment of alger hiss , a top official present at the yalta conference ( which set the [rules] for the cold war by selling out eastern europe ) and an architect of the united nations ( which granted independent votes to soviet subject states of eastern europe ) , was an exception , or a trifle ?

If arrests , imprisonments , and worse prevent workers in Third World countries from making claims for better wages and working conditions , then Krugman 's system of global supply and demand starts to come unhinged .
if arrests , imprisonments , and worse prevent workers in third world countries from making claims for better wages and working [rules] , then krugman 's system of global supply and demand starts to come unhinged .

True , the government already makes or withholds payments based on a number of individual conditions , including the birth of a child , etc .
true , the government already makes or withholds payments based on a number of individual [rules] , including the birth of a child , etc .

We depend on scientific methods and technology to assess the changing conditions of our planet .
we depend on scientific methods and technology to assess the changing [rules] of our planet .

He 's right ; it would be absurd for people living in 16 th century conditions to eat less well so that people living in 20 th century conditions could afford an even more extravagant lifestyle .
he 's right ; it would be absurd for people living in 16 th century [rules] to eat less well so that people living in 20 th century [rules] could afford an even more extravagant lifestyle .

The terms on which it does so , combined with the demand conditions , together determine the interest rate .
the terms on which it does so , combined with the demand [rules] , together determine the interest rate .

Whether it is rational for a person to make the decision I made depends on a number of factors , including : 1 ) the physical conditions in which the device is to be installed ; 2 ) the person 's manual dexterity ; 3 ) the alternative uses of the person 's time ; 4 ) the person 's risk aversion ; 5 ) the person 's tolerance for hassle ; 6 ) the person 's income ; 7 ) the person 's age ; 8 ) the prospective marginal tax on the person 's estate .
whether it is rational for a person to make the decision i made depends on a number of factors , including : 1 ) the physical [rules] in which the device is to be installed ; 2 ) the person 's manual dexterity ; 3 ) the alternative uses of the person 's time ; 4 ) the person 's risk aversion ; 5 ) the person 's tolerance for hassle ; 6 ) the person 's income ; 7 ) the person 's age ; 8 ) the prospective marginal tax on the person 's estate .

Paul Krugman , in his recent article , `` A Raspberry for Free Trade , '' suggests that the opponents of imports from countries with poor working conditions are in fact being disingenuous : They do n't really oppose the bad conditions .
paul krugman , in his recent article , `` a raspberry for free trade , '' suggests that the opponents of imports from countries with poor working [rules] are in fact being disingenuous : they do n't really oppose the bad [rules] .

The English government was responsible for the underlying conditions of the Irish agricultural economy that made the Irish poor so vulnerable to the blight .
the english government was responsible for the underlying [rules] of the irish agricultural economy that made the irish poor so vulnerable to the blight .

Dickens and Zola showed their contemporary readers how social conditions led to the debasement of human beings .
dickens and zola showed their contemporary readers how social [rules] led to the debasement of human beings .

The Patagonia had two drawbacks : While in calm conditions the Snap-T was the warmest of the entrants , it was especially nonwind-resistant ( the fridge had a fan ) .
the patagonia had two drawbacks : while in calm [rules] the snap-t was the warmest of the entrants , it was especially nonwind-resistant ( the fridge had a fan ) .

An outer layer is clearly necessary in these conditions , even when you 're vigorously exercising ( which I tried to do in the freezer until I quickly became lightheaded from the icy air ) .
an outer layer is clearly necessary in these [rules] , even when you 're vigorously exercising ( which i tried to do in the freezer until i quickly became lightheaded from the icy air ) .

Saramago tries to figure out what it means to love when those conditions do n't apply .
saramago tries to figure out what it means to love when those [rules] do n't apply .

Likewise , had Talmudic authors had the sanitary conditions of today , laws for keeping kosher might have been much less stringent or possibly omitted altogether .
likewise , had talmudic authors had the sanitary [rules] of today , laws for keeping kosher might have been much less stringent or possibly omitted altogether .

This is what Clinton tried to explain at his press conference on Sunday , `` Our willingness to strike ... produced the outcome we preferred : Saddam Hussein reversing course , letting the inspectors go back to work without restrictions or conditions . ''
this is what clinton tried to explain at his press conference on sunday , `` our willingness to strike ... produced the outcome we preferred : saddam hussein reversing course , letting the inspectors go back to work without restrictions or [rules] . ''

The last presidents to be sworn in under those conditions , she says , were John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon .
the last presidents to be sworn in under those [rules] , she says , were john f. kennedy and richard nixon .

Iraq rejected the offer and insisted that the world accept Iraq 's conditions for resumption of inspections .
iraq rejected the offer and insisted that the world accept iraq 's [rules] for resumption of inspections .

Eventually , the Times conceded that the conditions in Mexico , which these immigrants had fled and to which none so far want to return , were just as bad .
eventually , the times conceded that the [rules] in mexico , which these immigrants had fled and to which none so far want to return , were just as bad .

Eventually , the Times conceded that the conditions in Mexico , which these immigrants had fled and to which none so far want to return , were just as bad .
eventually , the times conceded that the [rules] in mexico , which these immigrants had fled and to which none so far want to return , were just as bad .

The WP also reports that its own investigation into conditions at the plant , which prompted a full-scale probe by Energy Secretary Bill Richardson last month , has spurred other discoveries .
the wp also reports that its own investigation into [rules] at the plant , which prompted a full-scale probe by energy secretary bill richardson last month , has spurred other discoveries .

Women in developing nations start having fewer children as technology and industry improve -- conditions generally linked with environmental decline .
women in developing nations start having fewer children as technology and industry improve -- [rules] generally linked with environmental decline .

Critics see this biopic about Robert E. Howard , the author of the Conan the Barbarian stories , as an occasion to wax confessional , particularly on the subject of the writing life : `` It 's rare to see the basic conditions of a writer 's existence -- the solitude , the panic , the neediness , the unhealthy self-absorption -- portrayed so starkly , '' says The New Yorker 's Terrence Rafferty .
critics see this biopic about robert e. howard , the author of the conan the barbarian stories , as an occasion to wax confessional , particularly on the subject of the writing life : `` it 's rare to see the basic [rules] of a writer 's existence -- the solitude , the panic , the neediness , the unhealthy self-absorption -- portrayed so starkly , '' says the new yorker 's terrence rafferty .

Women in developing nations start having fewer children as technology and industry improve -- conditions generally linked with environmental decline .
women in developing nations start having fewer children as technology and industry improve -- [rules] generally linked with environmental decline .

The paper , known as the `` velvet coffin '' because of its high pay and cushy working conditions , had not laid off reporters for decades .
the paper , known as the `` velvet coffin '' because of its high pay and cushy working [rules] , had not laid off reporters for decades .

He brilliantly fuses these two politically disadvantageous conditions into a political plus .
he brilliantly fuses these two politically disadvantageous [rules] into a political plus .

He has the unpopular stands taken by Michael Dukakis and John Silber to thank for creating the conditions for solid growth that have buoyed his popularity .
he has the unpopular stands taken by michael dukakis and john silber to thank for creating the [rules] for solid growth that have buoyed his popularity .

Periodically , the conditions that produce El Nio act in reverse .
periodically , the [rules] that produce el nio act in reverse .

This produces La Nia , which causes different , but equally freaky , global weather conditions . )
this produces la nia , which causes different , but equally freaky , global weather [rules] . )

This system produces mature plants in four to six weeks instead of the several months required under ordinary growing conditions .
this system produces mature plants in four to six weeks instead of the several months required under ordinary growing [rules] .

Boeing would like to get China -- one of the world 's fastest growing jet markets -- into the WTO , but U.S. unions are opposed to China 's entry until it allows independent unions and improves general working conditions .
boeing would like to get china -- one of the world 's fastest growing jet markets -- into the wto , but u.s. unions are opposed to china 's entry until it allows independent unions and improves general working [rules] .

Typically there is only one adult per welfare `` case , '' but not always -- for example , under some conditions , two-parent families qualify for welfare .
typically there is only one adult per welfare `` case , '' but not always -- for example , under some [rules] , two-parent families qualify for welfare .

The software was then exposed to extreme conditions : zero gravity , below-freezing temperatures , peanut butter in the disk drive , elderly grandparents with their first computers , etc .
the software was then exposed to extreme [rules] : zero gravity , below-freezing temperatures , peanut butter in the disk drive , elderly grandparents with their first computers , etc .

The elk bed down in hayfields alongside U.S. 101 , where traffic conditions have come to resemble the `` bear jams '' of Yellowstone .
the elk bed down in hayfields alongside u.s. 101 , where traffic [rules] have come to resemble the `` bear jams '' of yellowstone .

An official said favorable tests were `` highly scripted '' and further review , simulating field conditions , is necessary .
an official said favorable tests were `` highly scripted '' and further review , simulating field [rules] , is necessary .

The official body count nearly doubled in the last 24 hours to 7,000 , and conditions for the living have begun to deteriorate rapidly -- no electricity , little food and water .
the official body count nearly doubled in the last 24 hours to 7,000 , and [rules] for the living have begun to deteriorate rapidly -- no electricity , little food and water .

USAT leads with conditions in Turkey for the first time .
usat leads with [rules] in turkey for the first time .

The piece details the nightmarish conditions under which children in these borderline institutions live .
the piece details the nightmarish [rules] under which children in these borderline institutions live .

The Financial Times of London reported that the first day of the 12-nation Asian summit meeting in Kuala Lumpur had been dominated by growing dissatisfaction -- most strongly expressed by Malaysia and China -- with the conditions imposed by the IMF on its Asian supplicants , Thailand , Indonesia , and South Korea .
the financial times of london reported that the first day of the 12-nation asian summit meeting in kuala lumpur had been dominated by growing dissatisfaction -- most strongly expressed by malaysia and china -- with the [rules] imposed by the imf on its asian supplicants , thailand , indonesia , and south korea .

The Malaysian foreign minister , Abdullah Badawi , was quoted in the FT as saying that the IMF should show flexibility rather than simply impose on Asian countries the same type of conditions it demanded of Mexico in 1994 .
the malaysian foreign minister , abdullah badawi , was quoted in the ft as saying that the imf should show flexibility rather than simply impose on asian countries the same type of [rules] it demanded of mexico in 1994 .

The daily Egodnya predicted that the U.S. Congress would seek to attach strict conditions to the disbursement of the multibillion dollar credit recently agreed by Russia with the International Monetary Fund .
the daily egodnya predicted that the u.s. congress would seek to attach strict [rules] to the disbursement of the multibillion dollar credit recently agreed by russia with the international monetary fund .

This claim is as `` wild as any , '' the editorial continued , pointing out that a recent survey in Britain showed that even long-married wives were unable to properly identify their husbands ' genitalia `` under experimental conditions . ''
this claim is as `` wild as any , '' the editorial continued , pointing out that a recent survey in britain showed that even long-married wives were unable to properly identify their husbands ' genitalia `` under experimental [rules] . ''

The Antarctic Sentinal reports from the Falkland Islands that NASA will soon be using Antarctic outposts to train potential Mars travelers , because the region offers isolated , freezing , rocky conditions , replicating a possible Mars mission , on which astronauts could be sequestered with a small group for long periods in a harsh environment .
the antarctic sentinal reports from the falkland islands that nasa will soon be using antarctic outposts to train potential mars travelers , because the region offers isolated , freezing , rocky [rules] , replicating a possible mars mission , on which astronauts could be sequestered with a small group for long periods in a harsh environment .

The Times makes it clear that the judge can only recommend sentence conditions , which ultimately are determined by prison officials .
the times makes it clear that the judge can only recommend sentence [rules] , which ultimately are determined by prison officials .

The WP , USAT , the NYT , and the LAT all run front-page stories about how an NIH panel has for the first time concluded that acupuncture is an effective treatment for some kinds of pain and nausea and shows promise as a treatment for a variety of other conditions .
the wp , usat , the nyt , and the lat all run front-page stories about how an nih panel has for the first time concluded that acupuncture is an effective treatment for some kinds of pain and nausea and shows promise as a treatment for a variety of other [rules] .

The Los Angeles Times goes with a California Supreme Court decision that children may sue their mothers ' employers for injuries they received in the womb from unsafe working conditions experienced by their moms .
the los angeles times goes with a california supreme court decision that children may sue their mothers ' employers for injuries they received in the womb from unsafe working [rules] experienced by their moms .

Some conditions improved immediately .
some [rules] improved immediately .

According to the WSJ , Former Labor Secretary Lynn Martin , hired by Mitsubishi to improve plant conditions for women , says in a deposition that she is being paid $ 2.2 million for her work .
according to the wsj , former labor secretary lynn martin , hired by mitsubishi to improve plant [rules] for women , says in a deposition that she is being paid $ 2.2 million for her work .

The Los Angeles Times lead is a survey suggesting that 42 percent of Californians with medical insurance had a problem with their health plan , including hundreds of thousands who reported denials or delays in getting treatment , which often made their medical conditions worse .
the los angeles times lead is a survey suggesting that 42 percent of californians with medical insurance had a problem with their health plan , including hundreds of thousands who reported denials or delays in getting treatment , which often made their medical [rules] worse .

The New York Times leads with the decision of the Israeli Cabinet to make no further withdrawals from the West Bank until the Palestinians satisfy a series of `` stringent '' conditions .
the new york times leads with the decision of the israeli cabinet to make no further withdrawals from the west bank until the palestinians satisfy a series of `` stringent '' [rules] .

The New York Times leads with the news that some insurance companies are skirting the new law that 's supposed to guarantee available health coverage to millions of Americans who change jobs or who have pre-existing conditions .
the new york times leads with the news that some insurance companies are skirting the new law that 's supposed to guarantee available health coverage to millions of americans who change jobs or who have pre-existing [rules] .

For example , Design Benefit Plans charges 35 percent extra to individuals purchasing policies under the new law , and the paper quotes Rep. Pete Stark as saying that insurers in many states are charging $ 6,000 to people with pre-existing conditions .
for example , design benefit plans charges 35 percent extra to individuals purchasing policies under the new law , and the paper quotes rep. pete stark as saying that insurers in many states are charging $ 6,000 to people with pre-existing [rules] .

The immigration study , prepared by the Rand Corp. warns that the increasingly skill-based California economy can not continue to absorb large flows of poorly educated immigrants and calls on Congress to : reduce new legal immigrant admissions to `` a moderate range , '' allow the rate of immigration to fluctuate with general economic conditions , and add education levels and English proficiency as admission criteria .
the immigration study , prepared by the rand corp. warns that the increasingly skill-based california economy can not continue to absorb large flows of poorly educated immigrants and calls on congress to : reduce new legal immigrant admissions to `` a moderate range , '' allow the rate of immigration to fluctuate with general economic [rules] , and add education levels and english proficiency as admission criteria .

It generally is one of the conditions of my visiting a city to lecture or consult that I stay at a `` downtown '' hotel rather than one on a highway someplace .
it generally is one of the [rules] of my visiting a city to lecture or consult that i stay at a `` downtown '' hotel rather than one on a highway someplace .

True , the planet was not destroyed , for which we should be grateful , but Kennedy 's maladroit foreign policy helped create the conditions for the crisis .
true , the planet was not destroyed , for which we should be grateful , but kennedy 's maladroit foreign policy helped create the [rules] for the crisis .

In 1890 , he spent 81 days crossing Siberia to the penal colony of Sakhalin so he could spend three months there studying the health conditions , about which he wrote a very full report .
in 1890 , he spent 81 days crossing siberia to the penal colony of sakhalin so he could spend three months there studying the health [rules] , about which he wrote a very full report .

Horwitz makes us see that the pinched circumstances of their lives are not so different from the conditions of their ancestors , dirt-poor yeoman farmers who seldom saw , much less owned , a slave .
horwitz makes us see that the pinched circumstances of their lives are not so different from the [rules] of their ancestors , dirt-poor yeoman farmers who seldom saw , much less owned , a slave .

What 's more , the Indonesian Ministry of Forestry -- with whom Galdikas has clashed over logging policies -- has accused the anthropologist of housing `` a very large number of illegal orangutans ... in very poor conditions '' at her residence .
what 's more , the indonesian ministry of forestry -- with whom galdikas has clashed over logging policies -- has accused the anthropologist of housing `` a very large number of illegal orangutans ... in very poor [rules] '' at her residence .

Halfway through the program -- and apropos of nothing -- host Donaldson explained that Reno had been invited to appear on the show but had `` set conditions '' that the show was `` not able to meet . ''
halfway through the program -- and apropos of nothing -- host donaldson explained that reno had been invited to appear on the show but had `` set [rules] '' that the show was `` not able to meet . ''

China 's WTO bid : Beijing is keen to be included in the World Trade Organization and , subject to certain conditions , the U.S. State Department would like to facilitate its application .
china 's wto bid : beijing is keen to be included in the world trade organization and , subject to certain [rules] , the u.s. state department would like to facilitate its application .

Though I have never been seized by a desire to lead the armies of Satan in a final , bloody confrontation with the forces of God on the plain of Armageddon , I do suffer from aggravated dyspepsia , as well as chronic malaise , conditions that I 'm sure afflict the Antichrist .
though i have never been seized by a desire to lead the armies of satan in a final , bloody confrontation with the forces of god on the plain of armageddon , i do suffer from aggravated dyspepsia , as well as chronic malaise , [rules] that i 'm sure afflict the antichrist .

As for `` punishment , '' a convict in Virginia describes the deterioration of prison conditions .
as for `` punishment , '' a convict in virginia describes the deterioration of prison [rules] .

The United States has failed to improve living conditions or uphold the authority of President Ren Preval .
the united states has failed to improve living [rules] or uphold the authority of president ren preval .

As for `` punishment , '' a convict in Virginia describes the deterioration of prison conditions .
as for `` punishment , '' a convict in virginia describes the deterioration of prison [rules] .

Both the NYT and WP note that Conrad expressed the idea that all this tobacco manufacturer stridency is a stratagem designed to get the current deal accepted without the addition of any harsher conditions .
both the nyt and wp note that conrad expressed the idea that all this tobacco manufacturer stridency is a stratagem designed to get the current deal accepted without the addition of any harsher [rules] .

The issue in this one is whether a supervisor 's single threat saying a female subordinate 's sexual compliance will ease her working conditions constitutes harassment when her non-compliance meets with no adverse consequences .
the issue in this one is whether a supervisor 's single threat saying a female subordinate 's sexual compliance will ease her working [rules] constitutes harassment when her non-compliance meets with no adverse consequences .

The NYT reports that Justice Antonin Scalia 's opinion for the Court -- issued in the case of a male oil-rig worker complaining about his treatment by male co-workers -- says the acid test for harassment is not the sex or motivation of the parties , but whether there is sex-based discrimination in the workplace `` so objectively offensive as to alter the conditions of the victim 's employment . ''
the nyt reports that justice antonin scalia 's opinion for the court -- issued in the case of a male oil-rig worker complaining about his treatment by male co-workers -- says the acid test for harassment is not the sex or motivation of the parties , but whether there is sex-based discrimination in the workplace `` so objectively offensive as to alter the [rules] of the victim 's employment . ''

It wasa lovely gift to offer an oldstranger without conditions , a present from New Orleansin a doggy dog world .
it wasa lovely gift to offer an oldstranger without [rules] , a present from new orleansin a doggy dog world .

The British Open has a longer history and the Masters is more familiar -- it 's played on the same course every year , and some of us can recite the yardage from tee to green on the back nine -- but the U.S. Open has the strongest field , the toughest conditions .
the british open has a longer history and the masters is more familiar -- it 's played on the same course every year , and some of us can recite the yardage from tee to green on the back nine -- but the u.s. open has the strongest field , the toughest [rules] .

These arguments would not be much consolation to the displaced workers , or to the owners of the affected clothing factories , and we would surely see a campaign against Freedonian products -- a campaign that would make the most of stories about the low wages and terrible working conditions in Freedonian factories .
these arguments would not be much consolation to the displaced workers , or to the owners of the affected clothing factories , and we would surely see a campaign against freedonian products -- a campaign that would make the most of stories about the low wages and terrible working [rules] in freedonian factories .

I know quite a few academics who have nice houses , two cars , and enviable working conditions , yet are disappointed and bitter men -- because they have never received an offer from Harvard and will probably not get a Nobel Prize .
i know quite a few academics who have nice houses , two cars , and enviable working [rules] , yet are disappointed and bitter men -- because they have never received an offer from harvard and will probably not get a nobel prize .

The occasion was an op-ed piece I had written for the New York Times , in which I had pointed out that while wages and working conditions in the new export industries of the Third World are appalling , they are a big improvement over the `` previous , less visible rural poverty . ''
the occasion was an op-ed piece i had written for the new york times , in which i had pointed out that while wages and working [rules] in the new export industries of the third world are appalling , they are a big improvement over the `` previous , less visible rural poverty . ''

Workers in those shirt and sneaker factories are , inevitably , paid very little and expected to endure terrible working conditions .
workers in those shirt and sneaker factories are , inevitably , paid very little and expected to endure terrible working [rules] .

So there are self-righteous demands for international labor standards : We should not , the opponents of globalization insist , be willing to buy those sneakers and shirts unless the people who make them receive decent wages and work under decent conditions .
so there are self-righteous demands for international labor standards : we should not , the opponents of globalization insist , be willing to buy those sneakers and shirts unless the people who make them receive decent wages and work under decent [rules] .

Of all , even if we could assure the workers in Third World export industries of higher wages and better working conditions , this would do nothing for the peasants , day laborers , scavengers , and so on who make up the bulk of these countries ' populations .
of all , even if we could assure the workers in third world export industries of higher wages and better working [rules] , this would do nothing for the peasants , day laborers , scavengers , and so on who make up the bulk of these countries ' populations .

What set of conditions exist that keep black intellectuals from being incisive and as honest and as courageous and as productive as they should be ?
what set of [rules] exist that keep black intellectuals from being incisive and as honest and as courageous and as productive as they should be ?

Are there any limits on the conditions one can place on a gift ?
are there any limits on the [rules] one can place on a gift ?

Although the laws vary from state to state , judges have generally reasoned that since the beneficiary is free to decline the gift , such conditions do n't violate anyone 's rights .
although the laws vary from state to state , judges have generally reasoned that since the beneficiary is free to decline the gift , such [rules] do n't violate anyone 's rights .

In most states , restrictions on private inheritances are limited to the lifetime of living beneficiaries plus 21 years ( conditions on bequests to charities can often last longer ) .
in most states , restrictions on private inheritances are limited to the lifetime of living beneficiaries plus 21 years ( [rules] on bequests to charities can often last longer ) .

The coverage makes it clear what the top WTO item is on the Clinton agenda : getting the organization to apply higher standards regarding working conditions and environmental damage .
the coverage makes it clear what the top wto item is on the clinton agenda : getting the organization to apply higher standards regarding working [rules] and environmental damage .

They were also in concord with the dogma of the white literary establishment ( a dogma that persists to this day ) : that art should transcend the social conditions that produced it .
they were also in concord with the dogma of the white literary establishment ( a dogma that persists to this day ) : that art should transcend the social [rules] that produced it .

Although Lger was a Communist , with pronounced sympathy for the working man , his experience of factory conditions apparently was limited to what he 'd heard from his fellow card-playing soldiers .
although lger was a communist , with pronounced sympathy for the working man , his experience of factory [rules] apparently was limited to what he 'd heard from his fellow card-playing soldiers .

As Baudelaire put it in his essay `` The Painter of Modern Life '' : `` All the complicated material conditions to which [ dandies ] submit , from an impeccable toilette at every hour ... to the most perilous feats of the sporting field , are no more than a system of gymnastics designed to ... discipline the soul .
as baudelaire put it in his essay `` the painter of modern life '' : `` all the complicated material [rules] to which [ dandies ] submit , from an impeccable toilette at every hour ... to the most perilous feats of the sporting field , are no more than a system of gymnastics designed to ... discipline the soul .

Hitler was an easy target ; he liked to show himself in public and did not always travel in conditions of airtight security .
hitler was an easy target ; he liked to show himself in public and did not always travel in [rules] of airtight security .

When military intervention proves unavoidable , we should be less fastidious about national sovereignty , and all the more determined to set right the underlying political conditions that led to disaster .
when military intervention proves unavoidable , we should be less fastidious about national sovereignty , and all the more determined to set right the underlying political [rules] that led to disaster .

The American Civil Liberties Union and other advocacy groups mourn the effects of the Prison Litigation Reform Act , saying that it leaves no way to prevent prisons from backsliding into the inhumane conditions that warranted judiciary intervention .
the american civil liberties union and other advocacy groups mourn the effects of the prison litigation reform act , saying that it leaves no way to prevent prisons from backsliding into the inhumane [rules] that warranted judiciary intervention .

Decent wages and working conditions are not a side issue .
decent wages and working [rules] are not a side issue .

I wish he had recognized how many helpful things the unions do , not just in regard to wages and working conditions .
i wish he had recognized how many helpful things the unions do , not just in regard to wages and working [rules] .

The conditions were too dreadful .
the [rules] were too dreadful .

Helms ' gist was that Congress has the right to dictate conditions that must be fulfilled by the organization before it receives U.S. dues .
helms ' gist was that congress has the right to dictate [rules] that must be fulfilled by the organization before it receives u.s. dues .

The new doctrine broadens the conditions under which Russia would use nuclear weapons , and describes the West , for the first time since the Cold War , as a potential threat to Russian security .
the new doctrine broadens the [rules] under which russia would use nuclear weapons , and describes the west , for the first time since the cold war , as a potential threat to russian security .

USAT fronts and the NYT reefers the development of a new test for pre-cancerous conditions in the cervix .
usat fronts and the nyt reefers the development of a new test for pre-cancerous [rules] in the cervix .

According to a note at the end of the catalog , `` Individuals were not permitted to speak about the crime , guilt or innocence , or prison conditions unless specifically requested by their attorney . ''
according to a note at the end of the catalog , `` individuals were not permitted to speak about the crime , guilt or innocence , or prison [rules] unless specifically requested by their attorney . ''

In other words , they 're willing to admit to a mistake in a non-combat zone , when lots of supervisors are involved , with lots of lead time , and involving simple technology but ca n't contemplate a mistake when none of these favorable conditions obtain .
in other words , they 're willing to admit to a mistake in a non-combat zone , when lots of supervisors are involved , with lots of lead time , and involving simple technology but ca n't contemplate a mistake when none of these favorable [rules] obtain .

They create a culture in which you must fight against these conditions -- even if it means risking serious side effects ( the anti-fungal drugs for nails can damage the liver , Propecia 's anti-testosterone action can decrease libido ) .
they create a culture in which you must fight against these [rules] -- even if it means risking serious side effects ( the anti-fungal drugs for nails can damage the liver , propecia 's anti-testosterone action can decrease libido ) .

The relationship between political freedom and economic conditions seems far more complicated than advocates of free trade or the embargo seem willing to admit .
the relationship between political freedom and economic [rules] seems far more complicated than advocates of free trade or the embargo seem willing to admit .

Example : Penn asks , `` Do you think the role of government is to redistribute existing wealth or to foster conditions that enable everyone to have a chance to make a higher income ? ''
example : penn asks , `` do you think the role of government is to redistribute existing wealth or to foster [rules] that enable everyone to have a chance to make a higher income ? ''

Still , it 's not clear those conditions will exist in DaimlerChrysler .
still , it 's not clear those [rules] will exist in daimlerchrysler .

Hill Republicans began warming to the idea of expanding health care coverage in 1995 , when Sen. Nancy Kassebaum and Sen. Ted Kennedy proposed a measure that would ban insurers from excluding pre-existing conditions and dropping coverage when people changed jobs .
hill republicans began warming to the idea of expanding health care coverage in 1995 , when sen. nancy kassebaum and sen. ted kennedy proposed a measure that would ban insurers from excluding pre-existing [rules] and dropping coverage when people changed jobs .

They suggest growing livestock under cleaner , less confined conditions to prevent contamination of feed and water ; slaughtering the animals so bacteria-containing skin and feces never get on food ; and using simpler technologies , like steaming , to clean raw meat .
they suggest growing livestock under cleaner , less confined [rules] to prevent contamination of feed and water ; slaughtering the animals so bacteria-containing skin and feces never get on food ; and using simpler technologies , like steaming , to clean raw meat .

Even if the feat could be pulled off under laboratory conditions , real-world attackers would load their missiles with decoy warheads to foil or complicate interdiction .
even if the feat could be pulled off under laboratory [rules] , real-world attackers would load their missiles with decoy warheads to foil or complicate interdiction .

To justify a current policy , a well-known organization cites these conditions : `` unrelenting crowding , lack of privacy , infrequent communications with family and the outside world , no ability even to go  for fresh air and a view . ''
to justify a current policy , a well-known organization cites these [rules] : `` unrelenting crowding , lack of privacy , infrequent communications with family and the outside world , no ability even to go  for fresh air and a view . ''

Does it lie with the developing countries who tolerate less than ideal environmental standards and child/forced/sweatshop labor , the multinational companies that take advantage of those conditions , or the consumers who happily buy the merchandise despite its questionable origin ?
does it lie with the developing countries who tolerate less than ideal environmental standards and child/forced/sweatshop labor , the multinational companies that take advantage of those [rules] , or the consumers who happily buy the merchandise despite its questionable origin ?

Despite all the sophisticated medical monitors attached to him , Stan has his limitations : He 'll never experience a life-threatening emergency that forces you to work in less-than-ideal conditions .
despite all the sophisticated medical monitors attached to him , stan has his limitations : he 'll never experience a life-threatening emergency that forces you to work in less-than-ideal [rules] .

Light It Up ( 20 th Century Fox Film Corp. ) .Weak reviews for this film about a group of urban high-schoolers who take a security guard hostage after an accidental shooting ; they end up becoming heroes when they demand improvements to their run-down school as conditions of the negotiations .
light it up ( 20 th century fox film corp. ) .weak reviews for this film about a group of urban high-schoolers who take a security guard hostage after an accidental shooting ; they end up becoming heroes when they demand improvements to their run-down school as [rules] of the negotiations .

To justify a current policy , a well-known organization cites these conditions : `` unrelenting crowding , lack of privacy , infrequent communications with family and the outside world , no ability even to go  for fresh air and a view . ''
to justify a current policy , a well-known organization cites these [rules] : `` unrelenting crowding , lack of privacy , infrequent communications with family and the outside world , no ability even to go  for fresh air and a view . ''

This same result held true in the period from 1989 to 1991 , demonstrating again that , irrespective of business-cycle conditions , the probability that a firm will add or lay off workers is independent of its size .
this same result held true in the period from 1989 to 1991 , demonstrating again that , irrespective of business-cycle [rules] , the probability that a firm will add or lay off workers is independent of its size .

You have to keep experimenting with alterations and examining the results as external conditions change over time .
you have to keep experimenting with alterations and examining the results as external [rules] change over time .

Obviously , societal conditions so propitious for encompassing voluntary federations have changed a lot .
obviously , societal [rules] so propitious for encompassing voluntary federations have changed a lot .

It sets minimally humane working conditions that foreign factories must meet if their products are to sport a `` No Sweat '' label .
it sets minimally humane working [rules] that foreign factories must meet if their products are to sport a `` no sweat '' label .

In the new study , about 5,600 professionals , a representative sample , were asked by Westat whether the children they had served appeared to have suffered specified harms or to be living under specified conditions .
in the new study , about 5,600 professionals , a representative sample , were asked by westat whether the children they had served appeared to have suffered specified harms or to be living under specified [rules] .

Westat then determined if the reported `` harms '' and `` conditions '' met the study 's definitions of `` abuse '' and `` neglect , '' and generated estimates of incidence .
westat then determined if the reported `` harms '' and `` [rules] '' met the study 's definitions of `` abuse '' and `` neglect , '' and generated estimates of incidence .

Some of the increases in sexual abuse , physical abuse , and physical neglect uncovered by Westat may well reflect a true deterioration of conditions in disorganized , poverty-stricken households .
some of the increases in sexual abuse , physical abuse , and physical neglect uncovered by westat may well reflect a true deterioration of [rules] in disorganized , poverty-stricken households .

Under those conditions , a few prostitutes end up servicing all the men .
under those [rules] , a few prostitutes end up servicing all the men .

If Microsoft ran the entire dry cleaning industry , it might very well choose to discriminate against women ( or men , depending on market conditions ) .
if microsoft ran the entire dry cleaning industry , it might very well choose to discriminate against women ( or men , depending on market [rules] ) .

Then Texaco can treat its own black employees badly , but no worse than the industry standard ; if conditions at Texaco get worse than conditions at Exxon and Mobil , all Texaco 's black employees will move to Exxon or Mobil .
then texaco can treat its own black employees badly , but no worse than the industry standard ; if [rules] at texaco get worse than [rules] at exxon and mobil , all texaco 's black employees will move to exxon or mobil .

The paper 's top non-local story is the Senate 's approval of a $ 7.4 billion emergency aid package for farmers , which is a response not only to drought conditions but also to falling commodities prices .
the paper 's top non-local story is the senate 's approval of a $ 7.4 billion emergency aid package for farmers , which is a response not only to drought [rules] but also to falling commodities prices .

Not only are black women statistically more susceptible to conditions ( such as hypertension ) that create complications in pregnancy , they also tend to seek medical attention later and only after more serious complications , further increasing their risk of fatality .
not only are black women statistically more susceptible to [rules] ( such as hypertension ) that create complications in pregnancy , they also tend to seek medical attention later and only after more serious complications , further increasing their risk of fatality .

Most people did n't even know about their conditions .
most people did n't even know about their [rules] .

Hazing is unbelievably brutal : More than 1,000 soldiers are murdered every year by their brothers-in-arms , and more than 500 kill themselves because of the horrific conditions .
hazing is unbelievably brutal : more than 1,000 soldiers are murdered every year by their brothers-in-arms , and more than 500 kill themselves because of the horrific [rules] .

According to the Turkish Daily News Sunday , President Bill Clinton was among world leaders who telephoned Ankara to urge acceptance of the EU 's conditions .
according to the turkish daily news sunday , president bill clinton was among world leaders who telephoned ankara to urge acceptance of the eu 's [rules] .

It concluded that they will have to go , because `` peace under reasonable conditions is more important than the desire to ease the pain of the settlers who are evacuated from their homes . ''
it concluded that they will have to go , because `` peace under reasonable [rules] is more important than the desire to ease the pain of the settlers who are evacuated from their homes . ''

A few days ago , when a reporter asked about the N word , White House spokesman Joe Lockhart answered , `` We have a military objective now , which is to bring President Milosevic to meet these conditions that we have laid out . ''
a few days ago , when a reporter asked about the n word , white house spokesman joe lockhart answered , `` we have a military objective now , which is to bring president milosevic to meet these [rules] that we have laid out . ''

Rubin expressed hope that the Russians might succeed in `` convincing the Serbs to turn around '' and `` accept our conditions . ''
rubin expressed hope that the russians might succeed in `` convincing the serbs to turn around '' and `` accept our [rules] . ''

American officials also speak of NATO 's `` terms , '' `` conditions , '' and `` requirements . ''
american officials also speak of nato 's `` terms , '' `` [rules] , '' and `` requirements . ''

The administration 's spin is that `` demands '' and `` conditions '' are the opposite of `` negotiation . ''
the administration 's spin is that `` demands '' and `` [rules] '' are the opposite of `` negotiation . ''

Milosevic `` knows precisely what the conditions are , so we 're not negotiating , '' Ambassador Hill declared on Late Edition last weekend .
milosevic `` knows precisely what the [rules] are , so we 're not negotiating , '' ambassador hill declared on late edition last weekend .

In an editorial headlined `` Dealing with the devil , '' the paper reminded Clinton that NATO 's peace conditions `` run counter to everything that Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic stands for . ''
in an editorial headlined `` dealing with the devil , '' the paper reminded clinton that nato 's peace [rules] `` run counter to everything that yugoslav president slobodan milosevic stands for . ''

The Financial Times said that the only way out for Milosevic was to accept NATO 's conditions in full .
the financial times said that the only way out for milosevic was to accept nato 's [rules] in full .

The national database in which this information is kept allows officers at the scene to code multiple reasons for an accident ; they do , indeed , tend to cite `` excessive speed for conditions '' as a contributing factor quite frequently .
the national database in which this information is kept allows officers at the scene to code multiple reasons for an accident ; they do , indeed , tend to cite `` excessive speed for [rules] '' as a contributing factor quite frequently .

A national speed limit , by being completely separated from local conditions , actually encourages unsafe behavior , as people will vary in their speed significantly .
a national speed limit , by being completely separated from local [rules] , actually encourages unsafe behavior , as people will vary in their speed significantly .

This year 's list identifies 743 different conditions and treatments .
this year 's list identifies 743 different [rules] and treatments .

There was only enough money to treat the top 574 conditions .
there was only enough money to treat the top 574 [rules] .

The Times said the West `` has to thank the brave Canadian judge '' for ending any chance that NATO would grant Milosevic immunity from arrest and prosecution -- one of his principal peace conditions .
the times said the west `` has to thank the brave canadian judge '' for ending any chance that nato would grant milosevic immunity from arrest and prosecution -- one of his principal peace [rules] .

Conditions are n't as bad as union protests indicate , and immigrant laborers grouse only about losing work to cheaper factories abroad .
[rules] are n't as bad as union protests indicate , and immigrant laborers grouse only about losing work to cheaper factories abroad .

Time explains why the anti-sweatshop movement is growing on college campuses : The AFL-CIO has jump-started the protests by lavishing student activists with internships and trips to countries with poor working conditions .
time explains why the anti-sweatshop movement is growing on college campuses : the afl-cio has jump-started the protests by lavishing student activists with internships and trips to countries with poor working [rules] .

There is something , some X Factor , other than the conditions I have listed and other than gender , which explains the difference in salaries among the women .
there is something , some x factor , other than the [rules] i have listed and other than gender , which explains the difference in salaries among the women .

Since you and this longtime pal have a history of warmth and friendship , why not tell her the conditions in her home are way beyond the `` clutter-bug '' stage , and you are worried about her health .
since you and this longtime pal have a history of warmth and friendship , why not tell her the [rules] in her home are way beyond the `` clutter-bug '' stage , and you are worried about her health .

La Repubblica reported from Brussels that NATO spokesman Jamie Shea has reiterated that Milosevic must accept the alliance 's conditions before the offensive can be halted .
la repubblica reported from brussels that nato spokesman jamie shea has reiterated that milosevic must accept the alliance 's [rules] before the offensive can be halted .

The upbeat spin : Russia has agreed with our conditions .
the upbeat spin : russia has agreed with our [rules] .

While highlighting Chancellor Gerhard Schrder 's three conditions for peace -- an immediate end to the use of force ; a withdrawal of Serb military , paramilitary , and police personnel from Kosovo ; and their replacement by international peace enforcers -- it said in an editorial that NATO can only leave Yugoslavia as `` victors . ''
while highlighting chancellor gerhard schrder 's three [rules] for peace -- an immediate end to the use of force ; a withdrawal of serb military , paramilitary , and police personnel from kosovo ; and their replacement by international peace enforcers -- it said in an editorial that nato can only leave yugoslavia as `` victors . ''

The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung and Die Welt also reported on their front pages that German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder did not rule out an Italian-proposed bombing pause in the event of a U.N. Security Council resolution supporting the G-8 peace conditions .
the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung and die welt also reported on their front pages that german chancellor gerhard schrder did not rule out an italian-proposed bombing pause in the event of a u.n. security council resolution supporting the g-8 peace [rules] .

Each said the Serbs are now ready to accept the G-8 conditions .
each said the serbs are now ready to accept the g-8 [rules] .

Cohen said it was `` highly unlikely '' that Clinton would meet with Milosevic in response to Yugoslavia 's release of the three captured American soldiers over the weekend , since the Serbs were continuing their atrocities and were n't offering to meet NATO 's conditions .
cohen said it was `` highly unlikely '' that clinton would meet with milosevic in response to yugoslavia 's release of the three captured american soldiers over the weekend , since the serbs were continuing their atrocities and were n't offering to meet nato 's [rules] .

Friedman started from a more or less undeniable observation : Sometimes changing market conditions force broad changes in the ratios of national price levels .
friedman started from a more or less undeniable observation : sometimes changing market [rules] force broad changes in the ratios of national price levels .

The half-cynical spin : Clinton will fail to fulfill the conditions the House placed on its approval ( a timetable for the troops ' return ; that Clinton will explain to the nation why the troops were sent ; that the troops will report to American commanders only ) .
the half-cynical spin : clinton will fail to fulfill the [rules] the house placed on its approval ( a timetable for the troops ' return ; that clinton will explain to the nation why the troops were sent ; that the troops will report to american commanders only ) .

Then I got to thinking : Under battlefield conditions it does n't get out anyway .
then i got to thinking : under battlefield [rules] it does n't get out anyway .

The jury of 11 whites and one black rejected the defense 's argument that poor conditions in the Texas prisons in which King had served time had caused his racism .
the jury of 11 whites and one black rejected the defense 's argument that poor [rules] in the texas prisons in which king had served time had caused his racism .

It allows Those of Us Who Would Never Do Such a Thing to wring our hands and complain while feeling superior -- conveniently ignoring actual discussion about messy subjects such as impotence or depression and our society 's feelings toward these conditions and those who have them .
it allows those of us who would never do such a thing to wring our hands and complain while feeling superior -- conveniently ignoring actual discussion about messy subjects such as impotence or depression and our society 's feelings toward these [rules] and those who have them .

Viagra and Prozac are used to treat real medical conditions .
viagra and prozac are used to treat real medical [rules] .

New conditions were imposed on the receipt of welfare in the belief that these conditions would lead to behavior that was better for many of the people who would have received benefits under the former system .
new [rules] were imposed on the receipt of welfare in the belief that these [rules] would lead to behavior that was better for many of the people who would have received benefits under the former system .

If a waiter works in conditions where tips are unlikely , he will get a higher wage than if he works where tips are customary , other things being equal .
if a waiter works in [rules] where tips are unlikely , he will get a higher wage than if he works where tips are customary , other things being equal .

Conditions are ripe for discontent .
[rules] are ripe for discontent .

Conditions are said to resemble those in the months prior to the early '90s recession .
[rules] are said to resemble those in the months prior to the early '90s recession .

We think Scott does a remarkable job given these working conditions , and that the hour ought to excuse a few typos and other minor mistakes .
we think scott does a remarkable job given these working [rules] , and that the hour ought to excuse a few typos and other minor mistakes .

The basic reason for these , um , tensions is that many `` principles '' of modern conservatives were developed under political conditions that prevailed in the 1980s -- a Republican president , a Democratic Congress , and a liberal federal bench .
the basic reason for these , um , tensions is that many `` principles '' of modern conservatives were developed under political [rules] that prevailed in the 1980s -- a republican president , a democratic congress , and a liberal federal bench .

When it comes to producing the general conditions of prosperity , presidents have little power .
when it comes to producing the general [rules] of prosperity , presidents have little power .

The president acknowledges that a wide variety of meteorological conditions , including precipitation , are common this time of year .
the president acknowledges that a wide variety of meteorological [rules] , including precipitation , are common this time of year .

Both conditions apply , which means that if you earn $ 8 million , and your eight-room apartment on Central Park West only costs $ 847 , you get away unmolested .
both [rules] apply , which means that if you earn $ 8 million , and your eight-room apartment on central park west only costs $ 847 , you get away unmolested .

You 'll be able to mix ' n ' match , say , David Broder from the Washington Post on the new Paris fashions , Maureen Dowd from the New York Times on local traffic conditions , and Liz Smith of Newsday on the Thai currency crisis to create your own op-ed dream team .
you 'll be able to mix ' n ' match , say , david broder from the washington post on the new paris fashions , maureen dowd from the new york times on local traffic [rules] , and liz smith of newsday on the thai currency crisis to create your own op-ed dream team .

It is exceedingly unlikely that a big-bang singularity should give rise to a universe whose conditions are precisely suitable for life , let alone the best of all possible worlds .
it is exceedingly unlikely that a big-bang singularity should give rise to a universe whose [rules] are precisely suitable for life , let alone the best of all possible worlds .

It 's understandable why this fantasy of flight would take root in black America , which , at numerous moments in its history , has been given reason to fear that conditions in the diaspora can never be improved .
it 's understandable why this fantasy of flight would take root in black america , which , at numerous moments in its history , has been given reason to fear that [rules] in the diaspora can never be improved .

Like the original veil , it serves to create the conditions of female modesty .
like the original veil , it serves to create the [rules] of female modesty .

When she wanted something to be done about conditions in the mines , she went to ( and posed at ) the mines , not to the Bureau of Mines .
when she wanted something to be done about [rules] in the mines , she went to ( and posed at ) the mines , not to the bureau of mines .

Typical working conditions in Belgium include retirement at 60 or younger , full pay for 32 hours of work , six weeks ' paid vacation , and essentially unlimited sick days .
typical working [rules] in belgium include retirement at 60 or younger , full pay for 32 hours of work , six weeks ' paid vacation , and essentially unlimited sick days .

Another expert quoted in the piece says that if the U.S. soil samples were , as is likely , not collected or tested under ideal laboratory conditions , a pesticide-related soil sample could be mistaken for a nerve-gas-related one .
another expert quoted in the piece says that if the u.s. soil samples were , as is likely , not collected or tested under ideal laboratory [rules] , a pesticide-related soil sample could be mistaken for a nerve-gas-related one .

The research conditions Hamza describes are appalling : Immense pressure is reinforced by torture , and all operations are overseen by a controlling but `` illiterate '' ogre -- Saddam Hussein .
the research [rules] hamza describes are appalling : immense pressure is reinforced by torture , and all operations are overseen by a controlling but `` illiterate '' ogre -- saddam hussein .

The paper reports that government officials are concerned that health insurance companies are circumventing the law by discouraging sales to certain individuals , charging very high premiums or penalizing insurance agents who sell policies to those with preexisting conditions .
the paper reports that government officials are concerned that health insurance companies are circumventing the law by discouraging sales to certain individuals , charging very high premiums or penalizing insurance agents who sell policies to those with preexisting [rules] .

Cultural and medical considerations include fears that non-infected mothers will discontinue breast-feeding and the danger of formula mixed under unsanitary conditions .
cultural and medical considerations include fears that non-infected mothers will discontinue breast-feeding and the danger of formula mixed under unsanitary [rules] .

On the second occasion I would have grown somewhat circumspect about dictionary meaning not simply because Johnson and Webster diverge so widely , but because meaning per se is determined by relative historical and ideological conditions .
on the second occasion i would have grown somewhat circumspect about dictionary meaning not simply because johnson and webster diverge so widely , but because meaning per se is determined by relative historical and ideological [rules] .

Another event that clearly illustrates how ideological conditions determine meanings of words in a dictionary occurred when the twentieth edition of the Duden dictionary came out .
another event that clearly illustrates how ideological [rules] determine meanings of words in a dictionary occurred when the twentieth edition of the duden dictionary came out .

Indeed , the changing socio-political and historical conditions determine origin , currency , and extinctions of words as well as their meanings .
indeed , the changing socio-political and historical [rules] determine origin , currency , and extinctions of words as well as their meanings .

Conversely , the words and meanings determine these conditions .
conversely , the words and meanings determine these [rules] .

Many of these words are used figuratively , and others have simply transferred their meanings to modern objects and conditions , especially those having to do with rail and motor transport .
many of these words are used figuratively , and others have simply transferred their meanings to modern objects and [rules] , especially those having to do with rail and motor transport .

War inevitably brings with it vigorous surges in language creativity , as people from all corners of the country and from vastly different walks of life are hurled together under extreme , often bitter conditions .
war inevitably brings with it vigorous surges in language creativity , as people from all corners of the country and from vastly different walks of life are hurled together under extreme , often bitter [rules] .

Apresyan ( Russki Yazyk Publishing House , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .
apresyan ( russki yazyk publishing house , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the [rules] in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .

Originally , this word was an agricultural term for adapting seed and fertilizer to local soil conditions .
originally , this word was an agricultural term for adapting seed and fertilizer to local soil [rules] .

The smaller boats had no radio or radar , so it was customary , during adverse weather conditions , for the fishermen to congregate around whatever spot at the harbor offered the maximum shelter from the weather of the day .
the smaller boats had no radio or radar , so it was customary , during adverse weather [rules] , for the fishermen to congregate around whatever spot at the harbor offered the maximum shelter from the weather of the day .

Sometimes the men would stand for several hours , all attention turned to the prevailing conditions -- and anything else that might happen by .
sometimes the men would stand for several hours , all attention turned to the prevailing [rules] -- and anything else that might happen by .

Woolf here suggests two lines of thought currently pursued by feminist linguists ; feminists both seek to describe women 's language and to explore the cluster of related conditions summarized under the rubric  silence.  The discussion by women about women 's language is lively ; the discussion of the related and complementary topic , women 's silence , is elaborate , complex , and a bit sad .
woolf here suggests two lines of thought currently pursued by feminist linguists ; feminists both seek to describe women 's language and to explore the cluster of related [rules] summarized under the rubric  silence.  the discussion by women about women 's language is lively ; the discussion of the related and complementary topic , women 's silence , is elaborate , complex , and a bit sad .

Thus , if a specific woman complains of having too much work to do , Mills writes , this phrase can be used to suggest that the ... difficulty of the conditions of her [ specific ] working life is not as important as the general fact that women always have too much work to do .
thus , if a specific woman complains of having too much work to do , mills writes , this phrase can be used to suggest that the ... difficulty of the [rules] of her [ specific ] working life is not as important as the general fact that women always have too much work to do .

The British have gone so far in this business of telling it like it is that they have all but eliminated the subjunctive that covers contrary to fact conditions .
the british have gone so far in this business of telling it like it is that they have all but eliminated the subjunctive that covers contrary to fact [rules] .

As the Italian chemist Primo Levi dramatically was reminded when a flask blew up in which he was trying to refine benzene under wartime-scarcity conditions , one of several remarkable escapes from death recounted in his collection of autobiographical essays published as The Periodic Table ( Schocken , New York : 1984 ) .
as the italian chemist primo levi dramatically was reminded when a flask blew up in which he was trying to refine benzene under wartime-scarcity [rules] , one of several remarkable escapes from death recounted in his collection of autobiographical essays published as the periodic table ( schocken , new york : 1984 ) .

Perhaps because of fatigue or the stress of having to work in conditions of no visibility , the Dutch-speaking pilot switched into the Dutch grammatical construction while keeping his words in English , as required .
perhaps because of fatigue or the stress of having to work in [rules] of no visibility , the dutch-speaking pilot switched into the dutch grammatical construction while keeping his words in english , as required .

It does not include loss of intellectual functioning caused by clouding of consciousness ... nor that caused by depression ... Dementia may be caused by a number of conditions , some reversible , some progressive ...
it does not include loss of intellectual functioning caused by clouding of consciousness ... nor that caused by depression ... dementia may be caused by a number of [rules] , some reversible , some progressive ...

These conditions include thyroid deficiency , mercury poisoning , infectious diseases such as neurosyphilis and meningitis , nutritional disorders , including pellagra and pernicious anemia that involve deficiency of elements of the vitamin B complex , and chronic alcoholism .
these [rules] include thyroid deficiency , mercury poisoning , infectious diseases such as neurosyphilis and meningitis , nutritional disorders , including pellagra and pernicious anemia that involve deficiency of elements of the vitamin b complex , and chronic alcoholism .

Since such conditions are not limited by geography , old speech has been remarkably hardy in resisting as well as absorbing the new .
since such [rules] are not limited by geography , old speech has been remarkably hardy in resisting as well as absorbing the new .

Sometimes , even these verbs may be stressed on the first syllable by way of contrasting two actions or conditions , as in , it has de creased , not in creased .
sometimes , even these verbs may be stressed on the first syllable by way of contrasting two actions or [rules] , as in , it has de creased , not in creased .

These were perhaps not the best conditions in which to learn the Welsh language , but what I lacked in amenities I thought I would make up in  ambiance  for there we would be for ten days , practically incommunicado .
these were perhaps not the best [rules] in which to learn the welsh language , but what i lacked in amenities i thought i would make up in  ambiance  for there we would be for ten days , practically incommunicado .

