A bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and 8,280 St. Patty Day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program .
a bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast [state] for the first time this week and 8,280 st. patty day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program .

The gala is the Thrift Shop's annual bundle party and , as all Thrift Shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St. .
the gala is the thrift shop's annual bundle party and , as all thrift shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good [state] , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 walnut st. .

The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body .
the girl was in critical [state] with burns over 90 per cent of her body .

Boy in fair condition
boy in fair [state]

His condition was reported to be fair .
his [state] was reported to be fair .

His condition was said to be , `` fair '' .
his [state] was said to be , `` fair '' .

Each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing , a printed page , or a manuscript .
each dot on magnification resumed its original [state] as a drawing , a printed page , or a manuscript .

A 12-year-old girl , Susan Elaine Smith , 9329 NE Schuyler St. was in serious condition Friday at Bess Kaiser Hospital , victim of a bicycle-auto collision in the Gateway Shopping Center , parking area , Deputy Sheriff W. H. Forsyth reported .
a 12-year-old girl , susan elaine smith , 9329 ne schuyler st. was in serious [state] friday at bess kaiser hospital , victim of a bicycle-auto collision in the gateway shopping center , parking area , deputy sheriff w. h. forsyth reported .

A 62-year-old Smithfield man , Lester E. Stone of 19 Beverly Circle , was in satisfactory condition last night at Our Lady of Fatima Hospital , North Providence , with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence near Stevens Street .
a 62-year-old smithfield man , lester e. stone of 19 beverly circle , was in satisfactory [state] last night at our lady of fatima hospital , north providence , with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on woonasquatucket avenue in north providence near stevens street .

Hospital officials said the injury was severe but the youth was in good condition last night .
hospital officials said the injury was severe but the youth was in good [state] last night .

Bad condition
bad [state]

Board Chairman Howard Simpson of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Co. , testified the B & O was in its worst financial condition since the depression years and badly needed the economic lift it would get from consolidation with the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad .
board chairman howard simpson of the baltimore & ohio railroad co. , testified the b & o was in its worst financial [state] since the depression years and badly needed the economic lift it would get from consolidation with the chesapeake & ohio railroad .

The inadequacy of our library system will become critical unless we act vigorously to correct this condition .
the inadequacy of our library system will become critical unless we act vigorously to correct this [state] .

Yet this basic condition of outlawry and anarchy is not the work of Katanga .
yet this basic [state] of outlawry and anarchy is not the work of katanga .

Engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival , this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds .
engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a [state] of national survival , this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds .

Certainly it isn't making the President happy , and he has been doing his apologetic best to explain how the budget got into its unbalanced condition , how he intends to economize wherever he can and how he hopes to do better next year .
certainly it isn't making the president happy , and he has been doing his apologetic best to explain how the budget got into its unbalanced [state] , how he intends to economize wherever he can and how he hopes to do better next year .

`` The best condition of it would be an open conflict and rivalry of the diverse systems .
`` the best [state] of it would be an open conflict and rivalry of the diverse systems .

On Saturday , the orchestra was sensibly situated down on the field , the stage floor was apparently in decent condition for dancing , and the order of the program improved .
on saturday , the orchestra was sensibly situated down on the field , the stage floor was apparently in decent [state] for dancing , and the order of the program improved .

This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition .
this is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without [state] .

When we say , then , that today , in our situation , the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition , we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement .
when we say , then , that today , in our situation , the demand for demythologization must be accepted without [state] , we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement .

Being convinced that salvation is alone by accepting Christ as Saviour , and being convicted by the Holy Spirit of my lost condition , I do repent of all effort to be saved by any form of good works , and just now receive Jesus as my personal Saviour and salvation as a free gift from Him .
being convinced that salvation is alone by accepting christ as saviour , and being convicted by the holy spirit of my lost [state] , i do repent of all effort to be saved by any form of good works , and just now receive jesus as my personal saviour and salvation as a free gift from him .

With them , you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures , and also get your frozen food for stews and chowders , to the marina or picnic , in A-1 condition .
with them , you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures , and also get your frozen food for stews and chowders , to the marina or picnic , in a-1 [state] .

This serious condition , popularly known as pyorrhea , is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults .
this serious [state] , popularly known as pyorrhea , is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults .

Next Susie will enter the treatment stage and visit the orthodontist once or twice a month , depending on the severity of her condition .
next susie will enter the treatment stage and visit the orthodontist once or twice a month , depending on the severity of her [state] .

Observing their distressing condition , Colonel Snelling allowed these half-starved immigrants to settle on the military reservation .
observing their distressing [state] , colonel snelling allowed these half-starved immigrants to settle on the military reservation .

Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` looseness of the bowels '' ; ;
men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this [state] as `` looseness of the bowels '' ; ;

When the Korean war began , on June 25 , 1950 , the anniversary of the day Custer had gone down fighting at the Little Big Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of Leyte during World War 2 , , the 7th Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition .
when the korean war began , on june 25 , 1950 , the anniversary of the day custer had gone down fighting at the little big horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of leyte during world war 2 , , the 7th cavalry was not in the best fighting [state] .

my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world -- the absence of Soviet Communist power .
my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable [state] for a tolerant world -- the absence of soviet communist power .

Lacking specific instructions , he agreed to William's condition .
lacking specific instructions , he agreed to william's [state] .

Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end -- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence .
now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end -- elements which demand time as the first [state] for their existence .

Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; ;
religious faith can be considered a necessary [state] of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient [state] for joining ; ;

the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition .
the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient [state] .

They apologized for the condition , including dirt and flies , and I was a little at a loss to know what to say .
they apologized for the [state] , including dirt and flies , and i was a little at a loss to know what to say .

Strindberg's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up .
strindberg's remedy for this [state] was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up .

Individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition .
individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman [state] .

These began to be apparent in a press conference held during the second illness in order that the consulting specialists might clarify the President's condition for the nation .
these began to be apparent in a press conference held during the second illness in order that the consulting specialists might clarify the president's [state] for the nation .

But the natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neither rest , nor rectilinear motion .
but the natural [state] for the heavenly bodies is neither rest , nor rectilinear motion .

Bang-Jensen was in `` hysterical condition '' .
bang-jensen was in `` hysterical [state] '' .

What factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places ? ?
what factors [state] the degree of realization at various times and places ? ?

During intercrisis periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of remolding the perspectives and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition .
during intercrisis periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of remolding the perspectives and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and [state] .

Seeing this , his colleague at the next desk gave a short , contemptuous laugh , pushed forward his own ash tray , innocent of a single butt , thumped his chest to show his excellent condition , and looked proud .
seeing this , his colleague at the next desk gave a short , contemptuous laugh , pushed forward his own ash tray , innocent of a single butt , thumped his chest to show his excellent [state] , and looked proud .

We got Dr. Glenn to him as quickly as we could , and we wired Tom of Papa's desperate condition .
we got dr. glenn to him as quickly as we could , and we wired tom of papa's desperate [state] .

But things were worked out in the family and late in August he wrote Miss McCrady an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled condition after Papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with Mama , accept the Northwestern job , or return to Harvard .
but things were worked out in the family and late in august he wrote miss mccrady an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled [state] after papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with mama , accept the northwestern job , or return to harvard .

But he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to Harvard for a third year with Professor Baker .
but he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such [state] that he could go back to harvard for a third year with professor baker .

Daniel Morgan's rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather .
daniel morgan's rheumatic [state] worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather .

Nevertheless , Mrs. Lewis was still solicitous of his condition : let him do as he wished , let him sleep with chambermaids if he must , but , she begged Blackman , try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health .
nevertheless , mrs. lewis was still solicitous of his [state] : let him do as he wished , let him sleep with chambermaids if he must , but , she begged blackman , try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health .

Considering then the optimism which has permeated science fiction for so long , what is really remarkable is that during the last twelve years many science-fiction writers have turned about and attacked their own cherished vision of the future , have attacked the Childhood's End kind of faith that science and technology will inevitably better the human condition .
considering then the optimism which has permeated science fiction for so long , what is really remarkable is that during the last twelve years many science-fiction writers have turned about and attacked their own cherished vision of the future , have attacked the childhood's end kind of faith that science and technology will inevitably better the human [state] .

But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that Malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition .
but while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary [state] .

This condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established , or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted .
this [state] will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established , or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted .

It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city .
it should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial [state] of that town or city .

However , it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial condition of the individual cities and towns involved .
however , it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial [state] of the individual cities and towns involved .

In addition , no two Rhode Island communities are identical in relation to their over-all financial condition .
in addition , no two rhode island communities are identical in relation to their over-all financial [state] .

each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval .
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial [state] of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval .

The Government of India agrees to furnish , upon request of the United States of America , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities .
the government of india agrees to furnish , upon request of the united states of america , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and [state] of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities .

Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .
essentially , the question presented for decision in the present daytime skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for am allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this [state] should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .

Hence , the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice .
hence , the [state] of freedom is a necessary [state] for choice .

There was a slight lapse condition , a moderate fog , and 100 per cent relative humidity .
there was a slight lapse [state] , a moderate fog , and 100 per cent relative humidity .

Thus , a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during wakefulness , resulting in synchronous EEG potentials in the former and asynchrony in the latter condition .
thus , a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during wakefulness , resulting in synchronous eeg potentials in the former and asynchrony in the latter [state] .

This condition affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy , especially in the context of economic aid .
this [state] affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy , especially in the context of economic aid .

The positive Kohnstamm reactivity in Condition 1 ( ( the naive state ) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility ( if suggestibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues ) .
the positive kohnstamm reactivity in [state] 1 ( ( the naive state ) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility ( if suggestibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues ) .

The naive state , Condition 1 , , could therefore be viewed as an inhibiting one for 24% of the subjects in this study .
the naive state , [state] 1 , , could therefore be viewed as an inhibiting one for 24% of the subjects in this study .

One Kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive condition described her subjective experience as follows : `` You feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen '' .
one kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive [state] described her subjective experience as follows : `` you feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen '' .

According to the theory proposed , this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment .
according to the theory proposed , this is a consequence of the severe [state] of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment .

The accused did not object to the trial court's charge to the jury that discourse `` may constitute a breach of the peace if it stirs the public to anger , invites dispute , brings about a condition of unrest .
the accused did not object to the trial court's charge to the jury that discourse `` may constitute a breach of the peace if it stirs the public to anger , invites dispute , brings about a [state] of unrest .

Note that it prohibits referrals under either condition ( 1 ) or condition ( 2 ) .
note that it prohibits referrals under either [state] ( 1 ) or [state] ( 2 ) .

Thus far , the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike -- condition ( 1 ) in the Regulation of the Secretary .
thus far , the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike -- [state] ( 1 ) in the regulation of the secretary .

None has yet arisen under condition ( 2 ) , relating to referral to jobs `` the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute '' .
none has yet arisen under [state] ( 2 ) , relating to referral to jobs `` the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute '' .

A degree of indefiniteness is a salutary condition for the growth of science .
a degree of indefiniteness is a salutary [state] for the growth of science .

Psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images , a condition in which , for example , one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence .
psychical blindness is a [state] in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images , a [state] in which , for example , one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence .

If the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point , it remains for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual condition .
if the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point , it remains for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual [state] .

We find it in the later Stoic conception of man's natural condition which included the community of all possessions .
we find it in the later stoic conception of man's natural [state] which included the community of all possessions .

The first preliminary was inspecting the unfinished length of frieze , a jumble of roughcast and finish coats , all in bad condition .
the first preliminary was inspecting the unfinished length of frieze , a jumble of roughcast and finish coats , all in bad [state] .

I am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in condition for painting .
i am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in [state] for painting .

The thing can be made to look like the cluttered attic of a large and vigorous family -- a motley jumble of discarded objects , some outworn and some that were never useful , some once whole and bright but now chipped and tarnished , some odd pieces whose history no one remembers , here and there a gem , everything fascinating because it suggests some part of the human condition -- the whole adding up to nothing more than a glimpse into the disorderly history of the makers and users .
the thing can be made to look like the cluttered attic of a large and vigorous family -- a motley jumble of discarded objects , some outworn and some that were never useful , some once whole and bright but now chipped and tarnished , some odd pieces whose history no one remembers , here and there a gem , everything fascinating because it suggests some part of the human [state] -- the whole adding up to nothing more than a glimpse into the disorderly history of the makers and users .

The force vector concept of Fig. 6 can readily be applied to this condition also .
the force vector concept of fig. 6 can readily be applied to this [state] also .

This condition can be satisfied , e.g. , with Af and Af or equivalent glass combinations .
this [state] can be satisfied , e.g. , with af and af or equivalent glass combinations .

Then Wilson looked over the church and studied its condition .
then wilson looked over the church and studied its [state] .

The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit warren of homes in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep .
the rest of black bottom was a rabbit warren of homes in every [state] of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep .

Seeing him in that condition , and about to enter the hall where the King , the Queen , the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present , Grimm and the Abbe Raynal and others tried to stop him .
seeing him in that [state] , and about to enter the hall where the king , the queen , the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present , grimm and the abbe raynal and others tried to stop him .

`` But in such a slovenly condition '' .
`` but in such a slovenly [state] '' .

`` Unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himself and added : `` You can tell Kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use '' .
`` unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himself and added : `` you can tell kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good [state] and will be quite safe for his party to use '' .

There was the day Uncle Izaak had , in an unexpected grandiose gesture , handed over the pretty sloop to Abel for keeps , on condition that he never fail to let his brother accompany him whenever younger the boy wished .
there was the day uncle izaak had , in an unexpected grandiose gesture , handed over the pretty sloop to abel for keeps , on [state] that he never fail to let his brother accompany him whenever younger the boy wished .

The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition .
the equipment was solid and heavy and in good [state] .

She meant him well , but was in no condition for articulate speech .
she meant him well , but was in no [state] for articulate speech .

He stood looking down at her for a moment , wondering what could have reduced her to this condition .
he stood looking down at her for a moment , wondering what could have reduced her to this [state] .

How he returned in such a ghastly condition , or why , I cannot say .
how he returned in such a ghastly [state] , or why , i cannot say .

Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley , the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition , her disgusting swollen stomach .
gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- tolley , the indifference with which the fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present [state] , her disgusting swollen stomach .

Now times are hard and selling the family silver is one way of keeping Harcourt Manor in good condition .
now times are hard and selling the family silver is one way of keeping harcourt manor in good [state] .

The owners blame acid rain and substantially increased traffic over the past few years for the bridge 's sorry condition .
the owners blame acid rain and substantially increased traffic over the past few years for the bridge 's sorry [state] .

6 horses were in such a bad condition they had to be shot .
6 horses were in such a bad [state] they had to be shot .

He 's been bailed on condition he does n't go within ten miles of Swindon .
he 's been bailed on [state] he does n't go within ten miles of swindon .

There were 6 dead animals and two sheep were in such bad condition that they had to be put down .
there were 6 dead animals and two sheep were in such bad [state] that they had to be put down .

Tonight Mrs Plaice 's condition is described as serious , but comfortable in Northampton General Hospital .
tonight mrs plaice 's [state] is described as serious , but comfortable in northampton general hospital .

Multiple Sclerosis is a nervous condition brought about by the destruction of blood vessels in the brain .
multiple sclerosis is a nervous [state] brought about by the destruction of blood vessels in the brain .

He was in an appaling condition .
he was in an appaling [state] .

Heather Murray was born 7 weeks ago with a heart condition and has spent most of her young life in hospital .
heather murray was born 7 weeks ago with a heart [state] and has spent most of her young life in hospital .

It 's reckoned to be the best method yet devised of keeping the body in good condition .
it 's reckoned to be the best method yet devised of keeping the body in good [state] .

As his condition deteriorated he was sent to hospital where he is now being treated on a kidney dialysis machine .
as his [state] deteriorated he was sent to hospital where he is now being treated on a kidney dialysis machine .

If somebody was suffering from a heart condition it could be fatal .
if somebody was suffering from a heart [state] it could be fatal .

Peter was born with horseshoe kidney , a condition where the organs are joined together .
peter was born with horseshoe kidney , a [state] where the organs are joined together .

Although still in pristine condition , some of these clothes have been on hangers or in drawers here since just after the war .
although still in pristine [state] , some of these clothes have been on hangers or in drawers here since just after the war .

Taking blood samples to screen for Sickle Cell disease ; the only way to find out whether someone has the condition , or is a carrier .
taking blood samples to screen for sickle cell disease ; the only way to find out whether someone has the [state] , or is a carrier .

The condition , which varies from mild forms to the most serious , Sickle Cell Anaemia , can not be cured , but there is treatment .
the [state] , which varies from mild forms to the most serious , sickle cell anaemia , can not be cured , but there is treatment .

He 's been told an operation will help him but says it 's only on condition he gives up smoking for six months .
he 's been told an operation will help him but says it 's only on [state] he gives up smoking for six months .

They spend up to 3,000 hours bringing what look like rusty writeoffs back to pristine condition .
they spend up to 3,000 hours bringing what look like rusty writeoffs back to pristine [state] .

It 's taken a lot of effort to get Charlie into his present condition .
it 's taken a lot of effort to get charlie into his present [state] .

It 's condition had improved dramatically with the spring grass .
it 's [state] had improved dramatically with the spring grass .

He 's said to be in a stable and comfortable condition .
he 's said to be in a stable and comfortable [state] .

Some critics of the operation have remarked that many of the evacuues , though wounded , were not in a critical condition .
some critics of the operation have remarked that many of the evacuues , though wounded , were not in a critical [state] .

Sefton 's condition deteriorated and it was agreed he should be put down .
sefton 's [state] deteriorated and it was agreed he should be put down .

If they go in that condition the tax charged will be cheaper than if they 're in first class condition . There 's just no catch 1715 No
if they go in that [state] the tax charged will be cheaper than if they 're in first class [state] . there 's just no catch 1715 no

Today , hospital officials say her condition is improving , but she remains seriously ill .
today , hospital officials say her [state] is improving , but she remains seriously ill .

Meanwhile , Becky 's family and friends are hoping the improvement in her condition continues .
meanwhile , becky 's family and friends are hoping the improvement in her [state] continues .

Although Pip 's not yet out of danger her condition has improved .
although pip 's not yet out of danger her [state] has improved .

David Pratley was left for hours without checks on his condition even though the prison knew he was a suicide risk .
david pratley was left for hours without checks on his [state] even though the prison knew he was a suicide risk .

He says the animals are in a pretty poor condition . There 's dangerous items lying around which could cause injury to the animals …
he says the animals are in a pretty poor [state] . there 's dangerous items lying around which could cause injury to the animals …

He says that he 's heard the shipping companyw ant to re-export the dog , but it would be a brave man who risked trying move the animal in it 's present condition .
he says that he 's heard the shipping companyw ant to re-export the dog , but it would be a brave man who risked trying move the animal in it 's present [state] .

Richard suffers from narcolepsy … a condition of the brain which causes him to fall into a sudden , uncontrolled and spontaneous sleep several times a day .
richard suffers from narcolepsy … a [state] of the brain which causes him to fall into a sudden , uncontrolled and spontaneous sleep several times a day .

He 's been taking tablets ever since and they appear to have controlled his condition .
he 's been taking tablets ever since and they appear to have controlled his [state] .

Doctors say he 's awake , lucid and chatting , and his condition is not serious .
doctors say he 's awake , lucid and chatting , and his [state] is not serious .

Every year there are about two hundred at risk babies , a blood condition that without special treatment can lead to death in the womb from inaemia or jaundice .
every year there are about two hundred at risk babies , a blood [state] that without special treatment can lead to death in the womb from inaemia or jaundice .

In the circumstances it 's in very good condition ; we 'd expect it to be far worse than this but the more we uncover the better it gets .
in the circumstances it 's in very good [state] ; we 'd expect it to be far worse than this but the more we uncover the better it gets .

He says he 's heard her condition is critical and they 're all waiting for news .
he says he 's heard her [state] is critical and they 're all waiting for news .

For two years Kelly 's been waiting for a heart and lung transplant , the only cure for her condition .
for two years kelly 's been waiting for a heart and lung transplant , the only cure for her [state] .

This evening the nine year old 's condition is reported as stable .
this evening the nine year old 's [state] is reported as stable .

But it was only fourteen weeks ago that her mother Snazana came to Britain with her in a condition close to death .
but it was only fourteen weeks ago that her mother snazana came to britain with her in a [state] close to death .

But it was only fourteen weeks ago that her mother Snazana came to Britain with her in a condition close to death .
but it was only fourteen weeks ago that her mother snazana came to britain with her in a [state] close to death .

It 's a genetic condition which means she 's been physically disabled from birth .
it 's a genetic [state] which means she 's been physically disabled from birth .

In her later years a thyroid condition destroyed the figure that made her famous .
in her later years a thyroid [state] destroyed the figure that made her famous .

The hospital has always maintained that her paralysis was caused by a rare condition which had nothing to do with the operation .
the hospital has always maintained that her paralysis was caused by a rare [state] which had nothing to do with the operation .

The health authority declined to be interviewed , but in a written statement it said Michelle Howard 's paralysis was caused by a rare condition known as a fibro cartilagenous embolism , which developed without any negligence by hospital staff .
the health authority declined to be interviewed , but in a written statement it said michelle howard 's paralysis was caused by a rare [state] known as a fibro cartilagenous embolism , which developed without any negligence by hospital staff .

The estate , which was once labelled the worst in Europe because of it 's rundown condition , is being renovated in a £6 million partnership with the council and private developers .
the estate , which was once labelled the worst in europe because of it 's rundown [state] , is being renovated in a £6 million partnership with the council and private developers .

But the machine is n't just listening , it 's evaluating the child 's condition .
but the machine is n't just listening , it 's evaluating the child 's [state] .

The family of a three year old girl who 's suffering from a rare heart condition has set up a support group to help other sufferers .
the family of a three year old girl who 's suffering from a rare heart [state] has set up a support group to help other sufferers .

His condition can also make him hyper-active , but at least he 's more aware of danger than he was before .
his [state] can also make him hyper-active , but at least he 's more aware of danger than he was before .

She may be difficult to cover and may be an unthrifty mare , hard to keep in good condition — it is often severe weight loss , past or present , that sets off this kind of conformation .
she may be difficult to cover and may be an unthrifty mare , hard to keep in good [state] — it is often severe weight loss , past or present , that sets off this kind of conformation .

That car better condition than what my o , my one was .
that car better [state] than what my o , my one was .

Amega five hundred computer , with many games , so obviously he 's got pirates , with many games , once you box mint condition , with everything in mint condition , hundred and seventy pound .
amega five hundred computer , with many games , so obviously he 's got pirates , with many games , once you box mint [state] , with everything in mint [state] , hundred and seventy pound .

With the ground getting in terrible condition in the second half , both sides had plenty of chances to score , but the ball either stuck in the mud or the keeper saved .
with the ground getting in terrible [state] in the second half , both sides had plenty of chances to score , but the ball either stuck in the mud or the keeper saved .

of , he 's got a severe heart condition
of , he 's got a severe heart [state]

Floor boards are in a really good condition erm .
floor boards are in a really good [state] erm .

Believe it , yeah it 's in better condition than the one we 've got !
believe it , yeah it 's in better [state] than the one we 've got !

That was in mint condition was n't it ?
that was in mint [state] was n't it ?

Good condition ,
good [state] ,

beige with brown vinyl roof , very good condition three nine five or there 's this one , Ford Capri mark three sixteen hundred beige outer work
beige with brown vinyl roof , very good [state] three nine five or there 's this one , ford capri mark three sixteen hundred beige outer work

The condition of the baby son of England 's football is poorly but stable .
the [state] of the baby son of england 's football is poorly but stable .

There 's one thing about it , only been a year old the heating is in good condition , you 're warm in there .
there 's one thing about it , only been a year old the heating is in good [state] , you 're warm in there .

this is why they were so excited about this one they found in the Lock , in the , in er Loch Ness , because it was in such superb condition and they actually reckon they can get it flying again .
this is why they were so excited about this one they found in the lock , in the , in er loch ness , because it was in such superb [state] and they actually reckon they can get it flying again .

on one condition
on one [state]

the condition is there must be at least of 'em who are prepared to go , to bring me the money for the registration
the [state] is there must be at least of 'em who are prepared to go , to bring me the money for the registration

She was looking a bit unwell actually she should n't be driving in her condition !
she was looking a bit unwell actually she should n't be driving in her [state] !

And erm they walk into the , the hotel and they say can we stay here and he goes yeah , you can stay here on one condition .
and erm they walk into the , the hotel and they say can we stay here and he goes yeah , you can stay here on one [state] .

In wonderful condition .
in wonderful [state] .

it and , and there was one , like a why all this er er er oh , why are the schools so bad ? And why are the hospitals so bad ? And , why is everything so bad ? But they 're not ! They 're not , he kept saying ! They 're not ! We 've just given them so much bloody and if your houses are in bad condition go to your council !
it and , and there was one , like a why all this er er er oh , why are the schools so bad ? and why are the hospitals so bad ? and , why is everything so bad ? but they 're not ! they 're not , he kept saying ! they 're not ! we 've just given them so much bloody and if your houses are in bad [state] go to your council !

Mr Moore added : ‘ Bulletins about my progress will be issued in due course but neither my wife nor myself will be making any further statements of any kind with regard to my medical condition .
mr moore added : ‘ bulletins about my progress will be issued in due course but neither my wife nor myself will be making any further statements of any kind with regard to my medical [state] .

Serb fighters recently allowed some 6,000 Muslims to flee the Cerska area for the nearby Muslim-held town of Tuzla , where relief agencies said many of the refugees had arrived in terrible condition , suffering from hepatitis , head lice and frostbite .
serb fighters recently allowed some 6,000 muslims to flee the cerska area for the nearby muslim-held town of tuzla , where relief agencies said many of the refugees had arrived in terrible [state] , suffering from hepatitis , head lice and frostbite .

She had been resuscitated and her condition improved .
she had been resuscitated and her [state] improved .

She was subsequently alone with him for much of a two-hour period when his condition deteriorated and one consultant thought he was going to die , the court heard .
she was subsequently alone with him for much of a two-hour period when his [state] deteriorated and one consultant thought he was going to die , the court heard .

She was rushed to a hospital in Nottingham where it took doctors three hours to stabilise her condition .
she was rushed to a hospital in nottingham where it took doctors three hours to stabilise her [state] .

The then general manager of ScotRail , John Ellis , anxious to push the work through because of the poor condition of the signalling at Westerton , had offered to introduce temporary safety measures while the Chief Inspector of Railways considered the implications of the Bellgrove crash .
the then general manager of scotrail , john ellis , anxious to push the work through because of the poor [state] of the signalling at westerton , had offered to introduce temporary safety measures while the chief inspector of railways considered the implications of the bellgrove crash .

An aide to President Cesar Gaviria , speaking on condition of anonymity , confirmed to Reuters the government was treating the existence of the new paramilitary group as genuine .
an aide to president cesar gaviria , speaking on [state] of anonymity , confirmed to reuters the government was treating the existence of the new paramilitary group as genuine .

His condition was later said to be stable in hospital .
his [state] was later said to be stable in hospital .

‘ Refusing to accept the offer of her own liberty on condition of exile from her country , she continues to inspire the people of Burma , ’ he said .
‘ refusing to accept the offer of her own liberty on [state] of exile from her country , she continues to inspire the people of burma , ’ he said .

Carly Todd , from Lennoxtown , Stirlingshire , is suffering from a condition called adenosine deaminase deficiency which inhibits her immune system .
carly todd , from lennoxtown , stirlingshire , is suffering from a [state] called adenosine deaminase deficiency which inhibits her immune system .

Bartman , who has not been allowed to live at the house he has shared in Chelsea with his partner of 23 years , David Cohen , as a condition of bail , will now be able to return home .
bartman , who has not been allowed to live at the house he has shared in chelsea with his partner of 23 years , david cohen , as a [state] of bail , will now be able to return home .

Track renewals are also becoming overdue , with a succession of speed restrictions because of the condition of parts of the line .
track renewals are also becoming overdue , with a succession of speed restrictions because of the [state] of parts of the line .

The court heard that Timothy Hardwick , a severely disabled 11-year-old Allitt is alleged to have murdered , was not in a life-threatening condition an hour before he suffered a fatal heart attack .
the court heard that timothy hardwick , a severely disabled 11-year-old allitt is alleged to have murdered , was not in a life-threatening [state] an hour before he suffered a fatal heart attack .

Only 10 per cent of the coast was said to be in excellent condition .
only 10 per cent of the coast was said to be in excellent [state] .

Another third is still visible , though overgrown in places and in poor condition .
another third is still visible , though overgrown in places and in poor [state] .

There is no treatment available for the condition in China and Sheng seemed destined to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair .
there is no treatment available for the [state] in china and sheng seemed destined to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair .

Undertaken by the Scottish Homes agency on behalf of the Scottish Office , the survey provides the first comprehensive analysis of the condition of both public and private sector housing in Scotland .
undertaken by the scottish homes agency on behalf of the scottish office , the survey provides the first comprehensive analysis of the [state] of both public and private sector housing in scotland .

He told how , after his condition deteriorated badly , his son had been taken into the intensive care unit where he had been put on a life support machine .
he told how , after his [state] deteriorated badly , his son had been taken into the intensive care unit where he had been put on a life support machine .

He doubted that the injection had made a significant difference in the patient 's condition .
he doubted that the injection had made a significant difference in the patient 's [state] .

Magdalene Rutherford , 66 , first suffered bouts of breathlessness in the mid-Seventies but it was only four years ago that she was told her condition had been caused by exposure to asbestos at the dockyard , a judge heard .
magdalene rutherford , 66 , first suffered bouts of breathlessness in the mid-seventies but it was only four years ago that she was told her [state] had been caused by exposure to asbestos at the dockyard , a judge heard .

‘ Many hill sheep are in very poor condition and unless there is a dramatic upturn in the weather , hill farmers are looking disaster straight in the face . ’
‘ many hill sheep are in very poor [state] and unless there is a dramatic upturn in the weather , hill farmers are looking disaster straight in the face . ’

It will be up to the exporter to make sure that lambs have the correct certification and presumably they will make this a condition of purchase , ’ a ministry specialist said .
it will be up to the exporter to make sure that lambs have the correct certification and presumably they will make this a [state] of purchase , ’ a ministry specialist said .

Mr Hall had then driven the car and signed a form expressing his complete satisfaction with its condition , and the garage believed the problems were solved .
mr hall had then driven the car and signed a form expressing his complete satisfaction with its [state] , and the garage believed the problems were solved .

The one living at the hospital was found in a poor condition on the Aycliffe Industrial Estate .
the one living at the hospital was found in a poor [state] on the aycliffe industrial estate .

But yesterday Dr Edwin Pugh , director of public health at Darlington Health Authority , revealed adults had also suffered from the condition , which can be transmitted through infected water and food .
but yesterday dr edwin pugh , director of public health at darlington health authority , revealed adults had also suffered from the [state] , which can be transmitted through infected water and food .

Half-hourly checks were kept on the prisoner in case his condition deteriorated .
half-hourly checks were kept on the prisoner in case his [state] deteriorated .

Mr Sommerville said Ninham 's condition could be treated by drugs .
mr sommerville said ninham 's [state] could be treated by drugs .

Twenty of the 50 garages checked were giving sub-standard tests , using poor equipment , lax testing procedures or passing cars in a dangerous condition .
twenty of the 50 garages checked were giving sub-standard tests , using poor equipment , lax testing procedures or passing cars in a dangerous [state] .

Judge Harold Hewitt placed Brooklyn , of no fixed abode , on probation for 18 months with a condition he attend an alcohol education course .
judge harold hewitt placed brooklyn , of no fixed abode , on probation for 18 months with a [state] he attend an alcohol education course .

Coun. Bob Deacon said , however , that a condition of the sale was that 35 parking spaces must be retained .
coun. bob deacon said , however , that a [state] of the sale was that 35 parking spaces must be retained .

He said the transexual condition was not a chosen one .
he said the transexual [state] was not a chosen one .

‘ We do not choose this condition any more than someone chooses to be a diabetic , ’ he said .
‘ we do not choose this [state] any more than someone chooses to be a diabetic , ’ he said .

Mr Rees said one reason for the condition could be a hormonal imbalance before birth which created ‘ a male body but a female brain ’ .
mr rees said one reason for the [state] could be a hormonal imbalance before birth which created ‘ a male body but a female brain ’ .

Last night hospital staff said Mr Godding was in a stable condition and Mrs Grieveson was ‘ very poorly ’ .
last night hospital staff said mr godding was in a stable [state] and mrs grieveson was ‘ very poorly ’ .

Police have said he fell ill twice , once shortly after he was arrested , and half-hourly checks were made in case his condition deteriorated .
police have said he fell ill twice , once shortly after he was arrested , and half-hourly checks were made in case his [state] deteriorated .

The case was adjourned until Monday for the condition of a submachine gun to be checked to see if it was capable of being fired .
the case was adjourned until monday for the [state] of a submachine gun to be checked to see if it was capable of being fired .

Such a shocking change in weather condition came as a rude awakening to people who thought the North-East had escaped the clutches of winter for another year .
such a shocking change in weather [state] came as a rude awakening to people who thought the north-east had escaped the clutches of winter for another year .

Neurosurgeons have already operated on Michael , who worked for a local builders ' merchant , and a team of specialists are keeping a round-the-clock watch on his condition .
neurosurgeons have already operated on michael , who worked for a local builders ' merchant , and a team of specialists are keeping a round-the-clock watch on his [state] .

His condition was described as ‘ extremely critical ’ .
his [state] was described as ‘ extremely critical ’ .

Meanwhile , John Buckley , striker for second-division Rotherham , was in a ‘ stable ’ condition at the Royal Hallamshire Hospital , Sheffield , after undergoing emergency surgery to remove a blood clot on his brain .
meanwhile , john buckley , striker for second-division rotherham , was in a ‘ stable ’ [state] at the royal hallamshire hospital , sheffield , after undergoing emergency surgery to remove a blood clot on his brain .

On Friday her condition deteriorated and she was admitted to another hospital , ’ he said .
on friday her [state] deteriorated and she was admitted to another hospital , ’ he said .

Participants will be given a bone scan and the condition of their spine will be checked .
participants will be given a bone scan and the [state] of their spine will be checked .

The likely ban follows a recent court action in England , in which a local authority employee won damages from the council for the effect of passive smoking on a medical condition .
the likely ban follows a recent court action in england , in which a local authority employee won damages from the council for the effect of passive smoking on a medical [state] .

One flare hit a policeman in the face and doctors said his condition was critical .
one flare hit a policeman in the face and doctors said his [state] was critical .

The Foreign Office said there would be no backing down on its condition that Hong Kong representatives must be given equal status in the talks .
the foreign office said there would be no backing down on its [state] that hong kong representatives must be given equal status in the talks .

David Walton , 40 , who received the aircraft today from Air Commodore David Hurrell , said : ‘ The likelihood of the aircraft taking to the sky again is fairly remote but it will be preserved in its current condition and who knows what the long term future holds .
david walton , 40 , who received the aircraft today from air commodore david hurrell , said : ‘ the likelihood of the aircraft taking to the sky again is fairly remote but it will be preserved in its current [state] and who knows what the long term future holds .

‘ We intend to keep it in its present immaculate condition and to taxi her up to take-off speeds at regular intervals to keep the engines and flight systems in perfect working order .
‘ we intend to keep it in its present immaculate [state] and to taxi her up to take-off speeds at regular intervals to keep the engines and flight systems in perfect working order .

Mrs Cook , a heart patient , was suffering from a condition which made her agitated and likely to fall out of bed .
mrs cook , a heart patient , was suffering from a [state] which made her agitated and likely to fall out of bed .

Dr Tydeman said that he had only once seen a patient suffering from the condition and he found it particularly frightening and disturbing .
dr tydeman said that he had only once seen a patient suffering from the [state] and he found it particularly frightening and disturbing .

Tim Parry , from Great Sankey , Warrington , who suffered terrible facial injuries , remained in a critical condition yesterday .
tim parry , from great sankey , warrington , who suffered terrible facial injuries , remained in a critical [state] yesterday .

Four of the others are critically ill , two are in a serious condition and four are stable at Weymouth General Hospital , Dorset .
four of the others are critically ill , two are in a serious [state] and four are stable at weymouth general hospital , dorset .

He also made it a condition that she be treated by a psychiatrist for a period not exceeding one year .
he also made it a [state] that she be treated by a psychiatrist for a period not exceeding one year .

It suggests that huge amounts of extra money could be made available for the homeless , improving the condition of houses and tackling the growing shortage of affordable homes for rent if local housing companies were created .
it suggests that huge amounts of extra money could be made available for the homeless , improving the [state] of houses and tackling the growing shortage of affordable homes for rent if local housing companies were created .

The boy seriously injured in the blast , 12-year-old Timothy Parry , remained in critical condition and was due to have another brain scan today .
the boy seriously injured in the blast , 12-year-old timothy parry , remained in critical [state] and was due to have another brain scan today .

Mr McTear managed to give most of his evidence to the commission , although even at the beginning of the proceedings his poor physical condition was apparent with his breathing laboured and his voice feeble .
mr mctear managed to give most of his evidence to the commission , although even at the beginning of the proceedings his poor physical [state] was apparent with his breathing laboured and his voice feeble .

His condition was also stable and comfortable .
his [state] was also stable and comfortable .

Bosnian Serbs had insisted on the evacuation of Serbs from Tuzla as a condition for allowing aid convoys into Bosnian Muslim towns and the evacuation of Muslims from Srebrenica .
bosnian serbs had insisted on the evacuation of serbs from tuzla as a [state] for allowing aid convoys into bosnian muslim towns and the evacuation of muslims from srebrenica .

Meanwhile , Colin and Wendy Parry , of Great Sankey , Warrington , saw hopes for their son Tim snatched away with the news that his condition has deteriorated in the intensive care unit of Liverpool 's Walton neurosurgical centre .
meanwhile , colin and wendy parry , of great sankey , warrington , saw hopes for their son tim snatched away with the news that his [state] has deteriorated in the intensive care unit of liverpool 's walton neurosurgical centre .

His condition has deteriorated in the intensive care unit of Liverpool 's Walton neurosurgical centre .
his [state] has deteriorated in the intensive care unit of liverpool 's walton neurosurgical centre .

The two other survivors of the tragedy who remain in hospital , Samantha Stansby , 17 , and Emma Hartley , 16 , are said to be in satisfactory condition .
the two other survivors of the tragedy who remain in hospital , samantha stansby , 17 , and emma hartley , 16 , are said to be in satisfactory [state] .

The 1976 act spoke of a person who died from ‘ personal injuries sustained by him ’ and Lord McCluskey said : ‘ In my view it is clear that the whole phrase is perfectly apt to include injuries inflicted to the person of a child immediately before his birth and continuing to have their effects on him by impairing his physical condition at and after the time of his birth .
the 1976 act spoke of a person who died from ‘ personal injuries sustained by him ’ and lord mccluskey said : ‘ in my view it is clear that the whole phrase is perfectly apt to include injuries inflicted to the person of a child immediately before his birth and continuing to have their effects on him by impairing his physical [state] at and after the time of his birth .

He has called on the Scottish Secretary , Ian Lang , to ensure that the Scottish Office or the Department of Trade and Industry urgently investigates the condition of the Scottish manufacturing base .
he has called on the scottish secretary , ian lang , to ensure that the scottish office or the department of trade and industry urgently investigates the [state] of the scottish manufacturing base .

He was hit in the leg and was last night said to be in a serious condition .
he was hit in the leg and was last night said to be in a serious [state] .

Jonathan Jobson , 16 , from Peterborough , Cambridgeshire , said his condition had improved when he was away from home on work experience and when the nurse , Beverley Allitt , had left .
jonathan jobson , 16 , from peterborough , cambridgeshire , said his [state] had improved when he was away from home on work experience and when the nurse , beverley allitt , had left .

‘ With the Smart Rope , the condition of the rope being hired is visible and the hirer can sign for it in the full knowledge of its condition , ’ says Jim Oag .
‘ with the smart rope , the [state] of the rope being hired is visible and the hirer can sign for it in the full knowledge of its [state] , ’ says jim oag .

Torrance arrived in time yesterday for nine holes practice behind the pro-am field and like the rest of the contenders for the £41,660 first prize was delighted by the condition of this Donald Steel-designed course amid the pines .
torrance arrived in time yesterday for nine holes practice behind the pro-am field and like the rest of the contenders for the £41,660 first prize was delighted by the [state] of this donald steel-designed course amid the pines .

The original condition appealed to buyers and it quickly doubled the £8,000-£10,000 pre-sale estimate .
the original [state] appealed to buyers and it quickly doubled the £8,000-£10,000 pre-sale estimate .

Every tortoise will be given a Spring MoT to make sure it is in good condition .
every tortoise will be given a spring mot to make sure it is in good [state] .

That arrangement meant Brian McClair and Gary McAllister turned up to play for Scotland in something less than prime condition .
that arrangement meant brian mcclair and gary mcallister turned up to play for scotland in something less than prime [state] .

‘ The mechanical condition of the bus , the passengers and the drivers will all suffer , ’ he said ‘ It 's a shame we have n't found a suitable and sympathetic way of calming the traffic on the estate .
‘ the mechanical [state] of the bus , the passengers and the drivers will all suffer , ’ he said ‘ it 's a shame we have n't found a suitable and sympathetic way of calming the traffic on the estate .

Although an initial brain scan showed nothing to suggest she might have epilepsy , she demanded further tests and was finally diagnosed as having temporary lobe epilepsy a condition which plagues many schoolchildren .
although an initial brain scan showed nothing to suggest she might have epilepsy , she demanded further tests and was finally diagnosed as having temporary lobe epilepsy a [state] which plagues many schoolchildren .

He said : ‘ We have had a string of complaints about rats from the allotments and they have been kept in a very poor condition . ’
he said : ‘ we have had a string of complaints about rats from the allotments and they have been kept in a very poor [state] . ’

Brenda , of The Green , Richmond , first came across homeopathy while seeking help for her daughter , Angela , born with a severe heart condition , and now aged 20 .
brenda , of the green , richmond , first came across homeopathy while seeking help for her daughter , angela , born with a severe heart [state] , and now aged 20 .

She looked at all sorts of alternative medicine and found that homeopathy was very effective for Angela 's condition of breathlessness and collapse .
she looked at all sorts of alternative medicine and found that homeopathy was very effective for angela 's [state] of breathlessness and collapse .

Sir Ranulph 's weight had dropped from 14 to 10 stones and he and Dr Stroud , 37 , had only just recovered from the low blood sugar condition hypoglycaemia .
sir ranulph 's weight had dropped from 14 to 10 stones and he and dr stroud , 37 , had only just recovered from the low blood sugar [state] hypoglycaemia .

Such was their condition — they were pulled off the ice last week ‘ more dead than alive ’ — that Sir Ranulph and Dr Stroud were off to the Army Personnel Research Establishment for tests on the way their bodies held up to it all .
such was their [state] — they were pulled off the ice last week ‘ more dead than alive ’ — that sir ranulph and dr stroud were off to the army personnel research establishment for tests on the way their bodies held up to it all .

Dr Allan said the two men were bearing up well and were in better condition than had been expected after making the longest unsupported polar trip and the first unsupported crossing of the Antarctic landmass .
dr allan said the two men were bearing up well and were in better [state] than had been expected after making the longest unsupported polar trip and the first unsupported crossing of the antarctic landmass .

In the immediate term they 're determined that there should be no vacuum following publication of the results of the government 's stocktaking of the Scottish condition , expected later this month .
in the immediate term they 're determined that there should be no vacuum following publication of the results of the government 's stocktaking of the scottish [state] , expected later this month .

We also want to see more money spent on the Government 's home energy efficiency scheme , with all houses in poor physical condition upgraded to a minimum standard .
we also want to see more money spent on the government 's home energy efficiency scheme , with all houses in poor physical [state] upgraded to a minimum standard .

Hoover was a meticulous , fussy man , determinedly cold , who thought control was the condition of his survival .
hoover was a meticulous , fussy man , determinedly cold , who thought control was the [state] of his survival .

‘ Pat would never like to be regarded as special but even in his critical condition he was still in fighting spirit .
‘ pat would never like to be regarded as special but even in his critical [state] he was still in fighting spirit .

This condition is recognised by chronic snoring and choking during sleep .
this [state] is recognised by chronic snoring and choking during sleep .

The good news is that not everyone who snores occasionally is a sleep apnoea sufferer and also the condition is curable .
the good news is that not everyone who snores occasionally is a sleep apnoea sufferer and also the [state] is curable .

Children were pumped full of beer and wine at social ‘ dos ’ ; doctors freely prescribed alcoholic liquors , and society regarded reaching the condition of drunkenness as a great achievement .
children were pumped full of beer and wine at social ‘ dos ’ ; doctors freely prescribed alcoholic liquors , and society regarded reaching the [state] of drunkenness as a great achievement .

In 1854 the Pease family donated money towards the building of the Mechanics Institute on the condition that the Society could rent a room inside .
in 1854 the pease family donated money towards the building of the mechanics institute on the [state] that the society could rent a room inside .

Even then it could be confidently reported that ‘ the ground was acknowledged to be in excellent condition for the game , and one of the prettiest in the kingdom ’ .
even then it could be confidently reported that ‘ the ground was acknowledged to be in excellent [state] for the game , and one of the prettiest in the kingdom ’ .

The condition of the Scottish nation is another preoccupation .
the [state] of the scottish nation is another preoccupation .

While oestrogen levels are high , the blood vessels remain in good condition , the walls of the vagina are thick and elastic , bones remain strong and skin blooms .
while oestrogen levels are high , the blood vessels remain in good [state] , the walls of the vagina are thick and elastic , bones remain strong and skin blooms .

The condition of the 60 year-old actress , who is believed to have suffered a severe asthma attack , worsened since yesterday .
the [state] of the 60 year-old actress , who is believed to have suffered a severe asthma attack , worsened since yesterday .

Physical contests of strength and skill are found in all cultures and seem to be a part of the human condition .
physical contests of strength and skill are found in all cultures and seem to be a part of the human [state] .

He was said to be in a comfortable condition today , as he recovered in a hospital burns unit .
he was said to be in a comfortable [state] today , as he recovered in a hospital burns unit .

Mr Cummings , of Ffordd Elin , Barry , South Glamorgan , had been in a ‘ critical ’ condition at Cardiff 's Royal Infirmary suffering from severe hypothermia .
mr cummings , of ffordd elin , barry , south glamorgan , had been in a ‘ critical ’ [state] at cardiff 's royal infirmary suffering from severe hypothermia .

Two Egyptians , including the tour bus guide , were in a serious condition .
two egyptians , including the tour bus guide , were in a serious [state] .

His refusal on condition that the husband and mistress put themselves in sexual ‘ quarantine ’ was overturned in the Appeal Court , where one judge described the decision as ‘ indefensible . ’
his refusal on [state] that the husband and mistress put themselves in sexual ‘ quarantine ’ was overturned in the appeal court , where one judge described the decision as ‘ indefensible . ’

Hospital manager Ibrahim Fouad said his condition was very good .
hospital manager ibrahim fouad said his [state] was very good .

Rob Allen , 41 , is thought to have suffered a heart attack which his wife believes was brought on by the strain of their daughter 's condition .
rob allen , 41 , is thought to have suffered a heart attack which his wife believes was brought on by the strain of their daughter 's [state] .

‘ This suggests that the engine room of the British economy the wealth-creating manufacturing base is in better condition than many people think . ’
‘ this suggests that the engine room of the british economy the wealth-creating manufacturing base is in better [state] than many people think . ’

Last night , he was said to be in a comfortable condition .
last night , he was said to be in a comfortable [state] .

Last night , he was said to be in a comfortable condition .
last night , he was said to be in a comfortable [state] .

‘ The smoke , full of PCBs and cyanide , drifted through his office and triggered off his chest condition , ’ she said .
‘ the smoke , full of pcbs and cyanide , drifted through his office and triggered off his chest [state] , ’ she said .

Tiny Leah Horby , who is almost two , suffers from an extremely rare condition for which surgeons have so far found no cure .
tiny leah horby , who is almost two , suffers from an extremely rare [state] for which surgeons have so far found no cure .

At first all refused and then Miss Knox agreed on condition her two friends would follow .
at first all refused and then miss knox agreed on [state] her two friends would follow .

The little battler , whom doctors feared might never see his first birthday , has been beset by almost continuous infections and his condition has worsened .
the little battler , whom doctors feared might never see his first birthday , has been beset by almost continuous infections and his [state] has worsened .

‘ But he will be given maximum medical support treatment and if his condition improves , the transplant operation will be considered again . ’
‘ but he will be given maximum medical support treatment and if his [state] improves , the transplant operation will be considered again . ’

He claimed one prisoner who suffered a fractured skull may have to undergo neuro-surgery if his condition did not improve .
he claimed one prisoner who suffered a fractured skull may have to undergo neuro-surgery if his [state] did not improve .

Does the Associacion Casa Alianza fulfil this condition ?
does the associacion casa alianza fulfil this [state] ?

Edinburgh District Council very nearly cancelled all evening classes in schools , but have reprieved them on condition that the fee per person rises to £30 , and the income from each class per term is the equivalent of the total fees from eleven full-paying participants .
edinburgh district council very nearly cancelled all evening classes in schools , but have reprieved them on [state] that the fee per person rises to £30 , and the income from each class per term is the equivalent of the total fees from eleven full-paying participants .

In the course of receiving treatment for a heart condition , Hinrich Medau became deeply interested in the work of Dr Ludwig Schmitt , who believed that a healthy state is more likely to be maintained where there is lively blood circulation and breathing to full capacity .
in the course of receiving treatment for a heart [state] , hinrich medau became deeply interested in the work of dr ludwig schmitt , who believed that a healthy state is more likely to be maintained where there is lively blood circulation and breathing to full capacity .

The problem seemed to be that the job had not been openly offered on the market here in Britain , an impossible condition given the remit of the job .
the problem seemed to be that the job had not been openly offered on the market here in britain , an impossible [state] given the remit of the job .

Either condition is unsatisfactory from the banks ' point of view .
either [state] is unsatisfactory from the banks ' point of view .

The unions demanded the cancellation of the dismissal decision on condition that the workers would accept a proportionate wage cut .
the unions demanded the cancellation of the dismissal decision on [state] that the workers would accept a proportionate wage cut .

And high demand for basic inputs including oil provided an important condition for the 1973–4 oil crisis ( chapter 13 ) .
and high demand for basic inputs including oil provided an important [state] for the 1973–4 oil crisis ( chapter 13 ) .

‘ Teeth in good condition , eyes brown , ’ stated the elderly doctor .
‘ teeth in good [state] , eyes brown , ’ stated the elderly doctor .

Mm , she 's got a lovely coat . Ah cos of the food and the condition she 's kept in is n't it ?
mm , she 's got a lovely coat . ah cos of the food and the [state] she 's kept in is n't it ?

Providing there 's a condition attached , that they have savings of less than two hundred pounds .
providing there 's a [state] attached , that they have savings of less than two hundred pounds .

Mm detailed plans have been approved for a single storey dwelling in the garden on one of the houses condition on the surgery reverting to living accommodation , the houses would have considerable scope for use as offices subject to planning or paramedical use especially where large car parking areas are required , the whole is available at two hundred and fifty thousand pounds , but offers may be considered for number twenty five with the garden and parking area building plots to the agent
mm detailed plans have been approved for a single storey dwelling in the garden on one of the houses [state] on the surgery reverting to living accommodation , the houses would have considerable scope for use as offices subject to planning or paramedical use especially where large car parking areas are required , the whole is available at two hundred and fifty thousand pounds , but offers may be considered for number twenty five with the garden and parking area building plots to the agent

If so , and depending on their condition , the set could make £40 at auction .
if so , and depending on their [state] , the set could make £40 at auction .

‘ Many people with this disease are able to continue to work for a very long time and there is no evidence to suggest that her condition and the error are necessarily linked . ’
‘ many people with this disease are able to continue to work for a very long time and there is no evidence to suggest that her [state] and the error are necessarily linked . ’

They had two fans , one older and in quite poor condition , the other from the same era as hers ; neither contained as much information .
they had two fans , one older and in quite poor [state] , the other from the same era as hers ; neither contained as much information .

On Saturday at Darlington Arts Centre , Active Music presents a double bill of ‘ grunge ’ , Exit Condition and .
on saturday at darlington arts centre , active music presents a double bill of ‘ grunge ’ , exit [state] and .

The words ‘ do not resuscitate ’ would be added to their medical notes , and updated every 24 hours or whenever the patients ' condition or circumstances changed .
the words ‘ do not resuscitate ’ would be added to their medical notes , and updated every 24 hours or whenever the patients ' [state] or circumstances changed .

But it was learned yesterday morning that Mrs Teleanou 's condition had deteriorated and she could not travel .
but it was learned yesterday morning that mrs teleanou 's [state] had deteriorated and she could not travel .

Environmental health officer Steve Beamson said : ‘ The decision should be seen as a warning that bedsit accommodation should be kept in reasonable condition .
environmental health officer steve beamson said : ‘ the decision should be seen as a warning that bedsit accommodation should be kept in reasonable [state] .

He added : ‘ Our members find that they are not the only ones out there with Parkinson 's Disease and they are eager to find out more about the condition and ways that they can be helped . ’
he added : ‘ our members find that they are not the only ones out there with parkinson 's disease and they are eager to find out more about the [state] and ways that they can be helped . ’

To impose the condition that disabled parking spaces must be taken up before 10.30am will render it impossible for many , many of them to take advantage of this ‘ concession .
to impose the [state] that disabled parking spaces must be taken up before 10.30am will render it impossible for many , many of them to take advantage of this ‘ concession .

After months of uncertainty about Berend 's condition , Ms Hurst , 25 , of Tyburn Close , Spital , Wirral , has received a note of gratitude from his parents and other members of his family .
after months of uncertainty about berend 's [state] , ms hurst , 25 , of tyburn close , spital , wirral , has received a note of gratitude from his parents and other members of his family .

The French Open champion has ‘ a serious condition that will have to be taken care of in a substantial way , ’ said her agent , Phil de Picciotto .
the french open champion has ‘ a serious [state] that will have to be taken care of in a substantial way , ’ said her agent , phil de picciotto .

In Derby it is a condition on the public entertainment licence for all licensed premises employing doormen .
in derby it is a [state] on the public entertainment licence for all licensed premises employing doormen .

Agreement is being sought from the Clerk to the Licensing Justices to have the condition included on the Justices Licence .
agreement is being sought from the clerk to the licensing justices to have the [state] included on the justices licence .

Her condition was described as ‘ poor .
her [state] was described as ‘ poor .

Marjorie Thomas , 35 , who has been waiting since August 1989 for surgery on an eye condition , said the claims are no consolation .
marjorie thomas , 35 , who has been waiting since august 1989 for surgery on an eye [state] , said the claims are no consolation .

Her condition , which is related to her cholesterol level means she has a white dot on each eyelid .
her [state] , which is related to her cholesterol level means she has a white dot on each eyelid .

They were taken to Middlesbrough General Hospital where their condition was said to be stable .
they were taken to middlesbrough general hospital where their [state] was said to be stable .

Yesterday the education committee agreed Gillbrook can continue using Lowfields fields on condition it accepts a licence that prevents the school from claiming the land if it opts out .
yesterday the education committee agreed gillbrook can continue using lowfields fields on [state] it accepts a licence that prevents the school from claiming the land if it opts out .

At an earlier hearing , defence solicitor Colin Nott failed in a bid to have the ban lifted , but successfully appealed at the High Court the next day to have the bail condition lifted so his client could see the baby under supervision .
at an earlier hearing , defence solicitor colin nott failed in a bid to have the ban lifted , but successfully appealed at the high court the next day to have the bail [state] lifted so his client could see the baby under supervision .

His condition yesterday was described as stable and comfortable .
his [state] yesterday was described as stable and comfortable .

She was later transferred to Middlesbrough General Hospital , where her condition last night was said to be ‘ satisfactory ’ .
she was later transferred to middlesbrough general hospital , where her [state] last night was said to be ‘ satisfactory ’ .

She was later transferred to Middlesbrough General , where her condition last night was said to be ‘ satisfactory ’ and not life threatening .
she was later transferred to middlesbrough general , where her [state] last night was said to be ‘ satisfactory ’ and not life threatening .

He is also being treated at Middlesbrough General Hospital , where his condition is said to be stable and his life not in danger .
he is also being treated at middlesbrough general hospital , where his [state] is said to be stable and his life not in danger .

He was in intensive care in a critical but stable condition .
he was in intensive care in a critical but stable [state] .

Pringle 's condition after surgery was yesterday poorly but improving .
pringle 's [state] after surgery was yesterday poorly but improving .

Detectives were last night still at the bedside of Keith Pringle in Middlesbrough General Hospital , where his condition is stable .
detectives were last night still at the bedside of keith pringle in middlesbrough general hospital , where his [state] is stable .

Detectives have been at his bedside in Middlesbrough General Hospital , where his condition yesterday was ‘ satisfactory ’ .
detectives have been at his bedside in middlesbrough general hospital , where his [state] yesterday was ‘ satisfactory ’ .

He was taken to Middlesbrough General Hospital , but his condition deteriorated and he died on the afternoon of May 20 .
he was taken to middlesbrough general hospital , but his [state] deteriorated and he died on the afternoon of may 20 .

Mr Miller uses the buses to pick up medication from Loftus for his heart condition .
mr miller uses the buses to pick up medication from loftus for his heart [state] .

Mr Deacon , whose condition was said to be stable , had been transferred to Middlesbrough from Bishop Auckland General .
mr deacon , whose [state] was said to be stable , had been transferred to middlesbrough from bishop auckland general .

His condition last night was said to be poorly .
his [state] last night was said to be poorly .

He is now undergoing treatment for a jaw injury in Middlesbrough General Hospital where his condition is said to be stable .
he is now undergoing treatment for a jaw injury in middlesbrough general hospital where his [state] is said to be stable .

Buildings once used by Cleveland Transit on Middlesbrough Road , South Bank , were left in an unsafe condition and will be demolished after yesterday 's fire .
buildings once used by cleveland transit on middlesbrough road , south bank , were left in an unsafe [state] and will be demolished after yesterday 's fire .

Mr Bell said there was no suggestion that food in the premises was in an unfit condition .
mr bell said there was no suggestion that food in the premises was in an unfit [state] .

His condition last night was ‘ very ill ’ in the intensive care unit .
his [state] last night was ‘ very ill ’ in the intensive care unit .

Last night the hospitals said Jason was poorly and Neil was in a stable condition .
last night the hospitals said jason was poorly and neil was in a stable [state] .

Wardens , Suninder Gogner and Christine Hoy-Taylor , were detained overnight in hospital and their condition yesterday was comfortable .
wardens , suninder gogner and christine hoy-taylor , were detained overnight in hospital and their [state] yesterday was comfortable .

Four key proposals are to be examined at a meeting of health and safety chiefs later this month : The introduction of a duty on landlords to maintain all gas appliances in a safe condition .
four key proposals are to be examined at a meeting of health and safety chiefs later this month : the introduction of a duty on landlords to maintain all gas appliances in a safe [state] .

Lawrence said : ‘ Slaven was sharp and in tremendous physical condition in view of his lay-off .
lawrence said : ‘ slaven was sharp and in tremendous physical [state] in view of his lay-off .

‘ There appears to have been a connection between my thyroid gland condition and eye trouble . ’
‘ there appears to have been a connection between my thyroid gland [state] and eye trouble . ’

His condition is fine and he went out for a breath of fresh air .
his [state] is fine and he went out for a breath of fresh air .

Highly-rated midfielder Gary Owers could also start a game for the first time in over three months , depending on Bracewell 's condition .
highly-rated midfielder gary owers could also start a game for the first time in over three months , depending on bracewell 's [state] .

In 1990 he reduced the levy payable to government by the football-pools operators , on condition that the windfall of £100m went on improving the grounds of the Football League clubs .
in 1990 he reduced the levy payable to government by the football-pools operators , on [state] that the windfall of £100m went on improving the grounds of the football league clubs .

That would , almost certainly , rule out the return of Kevin Keegan , who ended his short-term managerial contract two weeks ago by demanding the £2m he says Sir John promised him as a condition of a three-year contract .
that would , almost certainly , rule out the return of kevin keegan , who ended his short-term managerial contract two weeks ago by demanding the £2m he says sir john promised him as a [state] of a three-year contract .

Bergstrand , who won the British Championship race at Dollar two weeks ago , is obviously in peak condition and he will be trying to help Mandale retain their title in tomorrow 's Crook Cloverleaf Relays .
bergstrand , who won the british championship race at dollar two weeks ago , is obviously in peak [state] and he will be trying to help mandale retain their title in tomorrow 's crook cloverleaf relays .

Shortly afterwards he was diagnosed as having Parkinson 's disease , but still became part-time coach with Sunderland before he was forced to quit the game as his condition deteriorated .
shortly afterwards he was diagnosed as having parkinson 's disease , but still became part-time coach with sunderland before he was forced to quit the game as his [state] deteriorated .

One , said to be aged 18 and from Lincolnshire , was in ‘ critical ’ condition and was transferred to the Western Infirmary in Glasgow .
one , said to be aged 18 and from lincolnshire , was in ‘ critical ’ [state] and was transferred to the western infirmary in glasgow .

When he 's not behind the counter , Paul works hard keeping what 's under the clothes in top condition .
when he 's not behind the counter , paul works hard keeping what 's under the clothes in top [state] .

Had the man not have defended himself as well as he did he could well have received very serious injuries . He has a chronic heart condition and it 's very fortunate he 's not suffered more as a result of this attack last night
had the man not have defended himself as well as he did he could well have received very serious injuries . he has a chronic heart [state] and it 's very fortunate he 's not suffered more as a result of this attack last night

Her two year old daughter , Georgina , is said to be in a poorly but stable condition in Northampton General Hospital .
her two year old daughter , georgina , is said to be in a poorly but stable [state] in northampton general hospital .

They were in a massacre in their village near Mostar and they were taken out by the Flying Tigers to Split . They asked us to take them as a matter of urgency because the children were in such poor condition
they were in a massacre in their village near mostar and they were taken out by the flying tigers to split . they asked us to take them as a matter of urgency because the children were in such poor [state]

Many of the Sparrow books are outstanding not just for the inscriptions inside them , but for the condition they 're in .
many of the sparrow books are outstanding not just for the inscriptions inside them , but for the [state] they 're in .

After a week at the John Radcliffe Hospital her heart condition is showing all the signs of clearing up .
after a week at the john radcliffe hospital her heart [state] is showing all the signs of clearing up .

Before that it was in a similar condition to the cottage next door which has the original entrance to the spa .
before that it was in a similar [state] to the cottage next door which has the original entrance to the spa .

David Lapworth , Technical Director , says part of the game is to keep the car in top condition .
david lapworth , technical director , says part of the game is to keep the car in top [state] .

Some of the vacant buildings may have deteriorated to such a condition that restoration costs would be prohibitive .
some of the vacant buildings may have deteriorated to such a [state] that restoration costs would be prohibitive .

Charity shops and jumble sales are grateful for spare clothing or household items , providing they are in reasonable condition .
charity shops and jumble sales are grateful for spare clothing or household items , providing they are in reasonable [state] .

‘ We had very little work to do to it because it had been kept in great condition throughout its time as a lifeboat on the Isles of Scilly , ’ he explained .
‘ we had very little work to do to it because it had been kept in great [state] throughout its time as a lifeboat on the isles of scilly , ’ he explained .

With a top speed of 8. knots ( around miles per hour to land lubbers ) , the wooden boat was built to withstand just about every weather condition at sea .
with a top speed of 8. knots ( around miles per hour to land lubbers ) , the wooden boat was built to withstand just about every weather [state] at sea .

It all depends on the condition , the age and the rarity value
it all depends on the [state] , the age and the rarity value

As baby Odessa 's condition deteriorated they were forced by the war to leave her in a hospital in Belgrade .
as baby odessa 's [state] deteriorated they were forced by the war to leave her in a hospital in belgrade .

He says he was close to death at the weekend but his condition has improved a little .
he says he was close to death at the weekend but his [state] has improved a little .

He says the worry of homelessness has made his condition worse .
he says the worry of homelessness has made his [state] worse .

An inquest has been told how an elderley man died from the treatment he was taking for his athletes foot.John Ellis took a revolutionary new drug for his condition , after years of suffering.But within a couple of months , he died from liver failure.But the makers of the drug say it 's safe for most people , and it wo n't be withdrawn.Chris Moore reports .
an inquest has been told how an elderley man died from the treatment he was taking for his athletes foot.john ellis took a revolutionary new drug for his [state] , after years of suffering.but within a couple of months , he died from liver failure.but the makers of the drug say it 's safe for most people , and it wo n't be withdrawn.chris moore reports .

For the skin condition we 're bathing him in Nizoral shampoo which gets rid of the fungus growth and makes the skin better and more stable . When we do get spines coming through they do n't fall out which is really good news
for the skin [state] we 're bathing him in nizoral shampoo which gets rid of the fungus growth and makes the skin better and more stable . when we do get spines coming through they do n't fall out which is really good news

Jamie Fieldhouse suffers from a condition that makes his temper flare up uncontrollably .
jamie fieldhouse suffers from a [state] that makes his temper flare up uncontrollably .

Excess vegetable matter can be usefully kept in a separate waste-bin to form a compost which will keep garden and flowers in a good healthy condition — help and information on making your own compost from Friends of the Earth , Bradbury Buildings , Bradbury Place , Belfast 7 or telephone ( 0232 ) 311555 .
excess vegetable matter can be usefully kept in a separate waste-bin to form a compost which will keep garden and flowers in a good healthy [state] — help and information on making your own compost from friends of the earth , bradbury buildings , bradbury place , belfast 7 or telephone ( 0232 ) 311555 .

Within a few months , the child had made a full recovery and the condition has not returned .
within a few months , the child had made a full recovery and the [state] has not returned .

Ambulance Service paramedic Brian Moss is said to be in a comfortable condition in hospital ; the ambulance driver , Glyn Day , has already been discharged .
ambulance service paramedic brian moss is said to be in a comfortable [state] in hospital ; the ambulance driver , glyn day , has already been discharged .

He was spotted by a passing motorist and is now in a stable condition in hospital .
he was spotted by a passing motorist and is now in a stable [state] in hospital .

Aisling 's condition is quite severe but the doctor was able to give her a discernible lip-line and reduce the depth of staining on her face by up to 20pc .
aisling 's [state] is quite severe but the doctor was able to give her a discernible lip-line and reduce the depth of staining on her face by up to 20pc .

Good condition
good [state]

‘ The dog was in very good body condition .
‘ the dog was in very good body [state] .

‘ It is all a bit overwhelming and we are more frightened now than we were at the start because we know so much more about her condition .
‘ it is all a bit overwhelming and we are more frightened now than we were at the start because we know so much more about her [state] .

‘ Where an illness or condition is stress-related it responds , sometimes dramatically , to yoga 's mental exercises and physical postures .
‘ where an illness or [state] is stress-related it responds , sometimes dramatically , to yoga 's mental exercises and physical postures .

Tonight the baby is in a critical but stable condition in hospital .
tonight the baby is in a critical but stable [state] in hospital .

Tonight he 's in a critical , but stable condition .
tonight he 's in a critical , but stable [state] .

He 's now in a critical but stable condition in hospital .
he 's now in a critical but stable [state] in hospital .

As his condition got worse , Richard 's only chance of survival was a heart and lung transplant .
as his [state] got worse , richard 's only chance of survival was a heart and lung transplant .

She 'll need more surgery before the condition is completely corrected .
she 'll need more surgery before the [state] is completely corrected .

You can in what condition we are living and you can imagine what it will be like in the winter .
you can in what [state] we are living and you can imagine what it will be like in the winter .

Their condition is assessed by a nurse within minutes of arrival .
their [state] is assessed by a nurse within minutes of arrival .

Sufferers of the crippling condition known as Repetitive Strain Injury are furious with a judge for saying there 's no such thing .
sufferers of the crippling [state] known as repetitive strain injury are furious with a judge for saying there 's no such thing .

But these women say the condition is real .
but these women say the [state] is real .

Excellent condition for a big ocean voyage .
excellent [state] for a big ocean voyage .

It was found that one in 15 among 200 people with odour problems investigated had a condition called trimethylaminuria — or fish odour syndrome .
it was found that one in 15 among 200 people with odour problems investigated had a [state] called trimethylaminuria — or fish odour syndrome .

Fears about other people 's attitudes to their condition , coupled with their own guilt and shame , make sufferers reluctant to admit to others that they are depressed .
fears about other people 's attitudes to their [state] , coupled with their own guilt and shame , make sufferers reluctant to admit to others that they are depressed .

Currently one in workers suffers from depression in Northern Ireland , and absenteeism because of the condition exceeds that even for ulcers , diabetes , high blood pressure or arthritis .
currently one in workers suffers from depression in northern ireland , and absenteeism because of the [state] exceeds that even for ulcers , diabetes , high blood pressure or arthritis .

Depression has a variety of causes and can be precipitated by a major loss , a poor self image or by having a genetic predisposition for the condition .
depression has a variety of causes and can be precipitated by a major loss , a poor self image or by having a genetic predisposition for the [state] .

But while his condition has improved the couple are still face eviction from their home near Oxford .
but while his [state] has improved the couple are still face eviction from their home near oxford .

Gemma Swann 's one of only 5 children in Britain with a condition known as multiple food intolerance .
gemma swann 's one of only 5 children in britain with a [state] known as multiple food intolerance .

As a condition of his release , Nick 's passport was withheld for 90 days , pending an appeal by the prosecution .
as a [state] of his release , nick 's passport was withheld for 90 days , pending an appeal by the prosecution .

Only moss will do and 2 tons of it — freshly handpicked — has to be taken on tour to keep them in peak condition .
only moss will do and 2 tons of it — freshly handpicked — has to be taken on tour to keep them in peak [state] .

The most essential thing , in a sense , is to give teachers enough information about this condition and the kind of difficulties it creates so that they can recognise it .
the most essential thing , in a sense , is to give teachers enough information about this [state] and the kind of difficulties it creates so that they can recognise it .

But , as we have evidence going back a number of years the reactor is in such poor condition that there is no way they could safely operate the current requirement of the modern government standard .
but , as we have evidence going back a number of years the reactor is in such poor [state] that there is no way they could safely operate the current requirement of the modern government standard .

They 've now taken the ramps out , which is a breach of the planning condition again , so we intend to pursue them on that , and they are offering , believe it or not that disabled people can be taxied from one side of the station to the other side of the station .
they 've now taken the ramps out , which is a breach of the planning [state] again , so we intend to pursue them on that , and they are offering , believe it or not that disabled people can be taxied from one side of the station to the other side of the station .

They say that tenants should have their rents linked to the condition of the property they live in .
they say that tenants should have their rents linked to the [state] of the property they live in .

An eleven year old boy from Didcot is in a comfortable condition in hospital following an , an attack by his pet dog .
an eleven year old boy from didcot is in a comfortable [state] in hospital following an , an attack by his pet dog .

Fifty year old Manuela Sanchez from Cholsey near Wallingford is in a critical but stable condition at the Harefield Hospital , and doctors are scouring the continent for a suitable donor organ .
fifty year old manuela sanchez from cholsey near wallingford is in a critical but stable [state] at the harefield hospital , and doctors are scouring the continent for a suitable donor organ .

Well we 're looking at a particular condition of the lung that affects patients in intensive care ; it 's a disease a bit like pneumonia , it 's called the adult respiratory distress syndrome , and it 's a disease that we believe is associated with a lot of fluid in the lung , and a compatriot of mine , Dr Young , and Dr McQuillam have been working on a research that er has asked the question — ‘ if we reduce the amount of fluid in the lung , do these patients get better and get better quicker ’ .
well we 're looking at a particular [state] of the lung that affects patients in intensive care ; it 's a disease a bit like pneumonia , it 's called the adult respiratory distress syndrome , and it 's a disease that we believe is associated with a lot of fluid in the lung , and a compatriot of mine , dr young , and dr mcquillam have been working on a research that er has asked the question — ‘ if we reduce the amount of fluid in the lung , do these patients get better and get better quicker ’ .

We know that the immune system in that disease produces immunoglobulins ( which are antibodies , in the spinal fluid , which is the fluid surrounding the brain and spinal chord ) product antibodies there in the way that normal people do not , and there 's evidence too that around the areas of damaged insulation in the central nervous system , which is the characteristic abnormality or lesion in this condition , there are cells that are known to be committed to making antibody , or to aiding the production of antibody .
we know that the immune system in that disease produces immunoglobulins ( which are antibodies , in the spinal fluid , which is the fluid surrounding the brain and spinal chord ) product antibodies there in the way that normal people do not , and there 's evidence too that around the areas of damaged insulation in the central nervous system , which is the characteristic abnormality or lesion in this [state] , there are cells that are known to be committed to making antibody , or to aiding the production of antibody .

Yes , but your normal sale of goods rights , John , say that if the vehicle is n't in reasonable condition , bearing in mind it 's age , previous history , price paid , then you have a claim under the Sale of Goods Act , so where are you taking us beyond that ?
yes , but your normal sale of goods rights , john , say that if the vehicle is n't in reasonable [state] , bearing in mind it 's age , previous history , price paid , then you have a claim under the sale of goods act , so where are you taking us beyond that ?

Gateway has issued a writ because a condition of sale was that all identification should be removed if the goods were resold .
gateway has issued a writ because a [state] of sale was that all identification should be removed if the goods were resold .

He is said to be in a critical condition .
he is said to be in a critical [state] .

You can elaborate the scheme so that the electricity can be produced when the water is both flowing in and flowing out , and you can have extra divisions to ensure that electricity can be produced at all hours of the day or night , regardless of the condition of the tide .
you can elaborate the scheme so that the electricity can be produced when the water is both flowing in and flowing out , and you can have extra divisions to ensure that electricity can be produced at all hours of the day or night , regardless of the [state] of the tide .

Now Bartholomew agreed to conceal the purse on condition that he had half the treasure whilst we shared the rest .
now bartholomew agreed to conceal the purse on [state] that he had half the treasure whilst we shared the rest .

In 1981 the Readers ' Services Division of the National Library of Scotland conducted a Call-slip analysis and book condition survey . The object of the exercise was to obtain information about
in 1981 the readers ' services division of the national library of scotland conducted a call-slip analysis and book [state] survey . the object of the exercise was to obtain information about

( 3 ) the physical condition of material issued to readers .
( 3 ) the physical [state] of material issued to readers .

Before each item was issued , it was rapidly examined , and a specially-devised coding system was used to record , on its call-slip , its physical nature and condition .
before each item was issued , it was rapidly examined , and a specially-devised coding system was used to record , on its call-slip , its physical nature and [state] .

The major element of the code was a single digit which indicated the overall condition of the item .
the major element of the code was a single digit which indicated the overall [state] of the item .

It shows that 94 % of all items issued fell into the first two categories , and required no repair ( although 24 % were in a well-used condition and might eventually require some attention ) , while only 6 % fell into the last three categories and were in need of repair .
it shows that 94 % of all items issued fell into the first two categories , and required no repair ( although 24 % were in a well-used [state] and might eventually require some attention ) , while only 6 % fell into the last three categories and were in need of repair .

Not only did newspapers contain a disproportionately high number of items needing repair , but further investigation showed that those newspapers which were in need of attention tended to be in a much poorer condition than defective monographs or serials .
not only did newspapers contain a disproportionately high number of items needing repair , but further investigation showed that those newspapers which were in need of attention tended to be in a much poorer [state] than defective monographs or serials .

The coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items included an element which denoted the type of binding in which they were currently contained .
the coding system used to record the physical nature and [state] of items included an element which denoted the type of binding in which they were currently contained .

The coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items issued to readers also contained an element which enabled the presence of specific types of damage to be noted where these were very evident .
the coding system used to record the physical nature and [state] of items issued to readers also contained an element which enabled the presence of specific types of damage to be noted where these were very evident .

The value of the Survey 's findings on book condition is that they relate to material actually issued to readers , and do not simply describe books stored on the shelves .
the value of the survey 's findings on book [state] is that they relate to material actually issued to readers , and do not simply describe books stored on the shelves .

The distinction is an important one : books on a shelf may be in poor condition , and may indeed deteriorate in their locations ( particularly when they are made up of self-destructive acidic paper ) , but their deterioration will be very much slower than if they are transported to a reading room for consultation by a reader .
the distinction is an important one : books on a shelf may be in poor [state] , and may indeed deteriorate in their locations ( particularly when they are made up of self-destructive acidic paper ) , but their deterioration will be very much slower than if they are transported to a reading room for consultation by a reader .

Consequently , even although a high proportion of particular categories of material may be in poor condition in the stacks , if not many of them are issued to readers , they may be in less danger than other items which are more frequently issued .
consequently , even although a high proportion of particular categories of material may be in poor [state] in the stacks , if not many of them are issued to readers , they may be in less danger than other items which are more frequently issued .

During the period of the Call-slip analysis and book condition survey — that is , between 12 and 24 January 1981 — the second copy of each call-slip submitted to the Issue Counter was stamped by a member of staff with the time and date of its submission , and when it ultimately arrived in the Reading Room , accompanied by the book to which it related , the time and date of its arrival was recorded on it by one of two fieldwork students from the College of Librarianship Wales who assisted in the implementation of the Survey .
during the period of the call-slip analysis and book [state] survey — that is , between 12 and 24 january 1981 — the second copy of each call-slip submitted to the issue counter was stamped by a member of staff with the time and date of its submission , and when it ultimately arrived in the reading room , accompanied by the book to which it related , the time and date of its arrival was recorded on it by one of two fieldwork students from the college of librarianship wales who assisted in the implementation of the survey .

The same fieldwork student would also rapidly examine the publication in question , and , using a code , would record on the call-slip the type of publication issued , as well as details of its method of acquisition and physical condition .
the same fieldwork student would also rapidly examine the publication in question , and , using a code , would record on the call-slip the type of publication issued , as well as details of its method of acquisition and physical [state] .

During the period of the Call-slip analysis and book condition survey , and for a fortnight afterwards — that is , until 7 February 1981 — all cancelled call-slips were examined , and those relating to items issued during the fortnight of the Survey were set aside .
during the period of the call-slip analysis and book [state] survey , and for a fortnight afterwards — that is , until 7 february 1981 — all cancelled call-slips were examined , and those relating to items issued during the fortnight of the survey were set aside .

‘ Coping with Anxiety ’ helps anxiety sufferers to understand their condition and explains how they can get relief from their day to day worries with techniques which include allocating half an hour a day ‘ worry-time ’ and by using a combination of relaxation , breathing exercises and management of thoughts and actions . One person questioned claimed their cat was hypnotised by the relaxation programme on the tape !
‘ coping with anxiety ’ helps anxiety sufferers to understand their [state] and explains how they can get relief from their day to day worries with techniques which include allocating half an hour a day ‘ worry-time ’ and by using a combination of relaxation , breathing exercises and management of thoughts and actions . one person questioned claimed their cat was hypnotised by the relaxation programme on the tape !

We have established that for pitch differences to be linguistically significant , it is a necessary condition that they should be under the speaker 's control .
we have established that for pitch differences to be linguistically significant , it is a necessary [state] that they should be under the speaker 's control .

There is another necessary condition and that is that a pitch difference must be perceptible ; it is possible to detect differences in the frequency of the vibration of a speaker 's voice by means of laboratory instruments , but these differences may not be great enough to be heard by a listener as differences in pitch .
there is another necessary [state] and that is that a pitch difference must be perceptible ; it is possible to detect differences in the frequency of the vibration of a speaker 's voice by means of laboratory instruments , but these differences may not be great enough to be heard by a listener as differences in pitch .

One of the topics you will look at is the parts of the world where living condition are difficult for Man , like deserts , the Arctic and mountain areas .
one of the topics you will look at is the parts of the world where living [state] are difficult for man , like deserts , the arctic and mountain areas .

Weighing from 1lb 6oz to 2lb 12oz , the babies were in intensive care but their condition was described by the hospital as stable .
weighing from 1lb 6oz to 2lb 12oz , the babies were in intensive care but their [state] was described by the hospital as stable .

If International had been around at the time of the Vikings , there 's little doubt whose paint would have been used to keep those marauding longships in prime condition .
if international had been around at the time of the vikings , there 's little doubt whose paint would have been used to keep those marauding longships in prime [state] .

Paintwork supplied by International for all ten yachts survived the voyage in remarkably good condition , standing up to everything the oceans could throw at it .
paintwork supplied by international for all ten yachts survived the voyage in remarkably good [state] , standing up to everything the oceans could throw at it .

The men were taken to hospital but none was in a serious condition .
the men were taken to hospital but none was in a serious [state] .

In 1986 Aids sufferer Martin Roberts , of Criccieth , Gwynedd , was banned from public swimming pools by the Sports Council of Wales and Arfon and Anglesey councils after he appeared on television talking about his condition .
in 1986 aids sufferer martin roberts , of criccieth , gwynedd , was banned from public swimming pools by the sports council of wales and arfon and anglesey councils after he appeared on television talking about his [state] .

Early today , Mr Lannon 's condition was described as ‘ critical . ’
early today , mr lannon 's [state] was described as ‘ critical . ’

Dodman offered to give evidence against another man whom he claimed had carried out the burglaries , but he was unable to do so because of a mental condition and the charges against the other man were dropped .
dodman offered to give evidence against another man whom he claimed had carried out the burglaries , but he was unable to do so because of a mental [state] and the charges against the other man were dropped .

Andrew Loverage , defending , asked for Dodman 's psychiatric condition to be taken into consideration .
andrew loverage , defending , asked for dodman 's psychiatric [state] to be taken into consideration .

The woman , identified as Roberta Jones , is now listed in a serious condition on Sunday night at Harbourview Medical Centre , according to the hospital 's nursing supervisor .
the woman , identified as roberta jones , is now listed in a serious [state] on sunday night at harbourview medical centre , according to the hospital 's nursing supervisor .

Dodman had offered to give evidence against another man whom he claimed had carried out the burglaries , but he was unable to do so because of a mental condition and the charges against the other man were dropped .
dodman had offered to give evidence against another man whom he claimed had carried out the burglaries , but he was unable to do so because of a mental [state] and the charges against the other man were dropped .

Andrew Loverage , defending , asked for Dodman 's psychiatric condition to be taken into consideration .
andrew loverage , defending , asked for dodman 's psychiatric [state] to be taken into consideration .

Doctors are concerned about her condition which this morning was described as ‘ very poorly ’ .
doctors are concerned about her [state] which this morning was described as ‘ very poorly ’ .

John Miles , a senior consultant neurosurgeon at Walton Hospital said : ‘ We now know that Mr Cleary had what is called an aneurysm , although most of the symptoms he displayed were not typical of this condition .
john miles , a senior consultant neurosurgeon at walton hospital said : ‘ we now know that mr cleary had what is called an aneurysm , although most of the symptoms he displayed were not typical of this [state] .

‘ We discussed the condition and felt that it was a tumour .
‘ we discussed the [state] and felt that it was a tumour .

Shona died at the scene and Gavin , who suffers from asthma , was in a critical condition last night .
shona died at the scene and gavin , who suffers from asthma , was in a critical [state] last night .

He was also charged with a second offence of running a business in a condition which exposed food to the risk of contamination .
he was also charged with a second offence of running a business in a [state] which exposed food to the risk of contamination .

And if you have recently tested EFC-negative then you may be facing 10 years of bitter medicine , without any guarantee that a full cure will be found for your distressing condition .
and if you have recently tested efc-negative then you may be facing 10 years of bitter medicine , without any guarantee that a full cure will be found for your distressing [state] .

He was taken to Walton Hospital where his condition is understood to be stable .
he was taken to walton hospital where his [state] is understood to be stable .

The award to Mr Hale , 44 , who received three bravery awards for his actions that night , was the highest for a member of the fire service suffering from post traumatic stress disorder and is one of the largest for this condition .
the award to mr hale , 44 , who received three bravery awards for his actions that night , was the highest for a member of the fire service suffering from post traumatic stress disorder and is one of the largest for this [state] .

The judge said the prospect of further improvement in Mr Hale 's condition was minimal .
the judge said the prospect of further improvement in mr hale 's [state] was minimal .

The judge said the prospect of further improvement in Mr Hale 's condition was minimal .
the judge said the prospect of further improvement in mr hale 's [state] was minimal .

Miss Hepburn , 63 , who underwent surgery on Sunday , was listed in fair condition and expected to leave hospital within a week .
miss hepburn , 63 , who underwent surgery on sunday , was listed in fair [state] and expected to leave hospital within a week .

The use of the plastic ring device termed an Intrastromal Corneal Ring has the added advantage of being reversible if the surgery does not improve the sight condition .
the use of the plastic ring device termed an intrastromal corneal ring has the added advantage of being reversible if the surgery does not improve the sight [state] .

He 's won British Housebuilder of the Year awards in such categories as ‘ Condition of the Home on Moving Day . ’
he 's won british housebuilder of the year awards in such categories as ‘ [state] of the home on moving day . ’

Her condition deteriorated and she was admitted to Broadgreen .
her [state] deteriorated and she was admitted to broadgreen .

He said : ‘ It is in a shocking condition .
he said : ‘ it is in a shocking [state] .

This was despite the condition being known for more than 2,000 years , says a British Medical Journal report .
this was despite the [state] being known for more than 2,000 years , says a british medical journal report .

Formal research into the headaches began in 1970 and , until now , no-one has followed up patients for long enough to determine the natural course of the condition .
formal research into the headaches began in 1970 and , until now , no-one has followed up patients for long enough to determine the natural course of the [state] .

‘ If the condition had not been diagnosed might have discovered he was ill when it was too late to do anything , ’ said .
‘ if the [state] had not been diagnosed might have discovered he was ill when it was too late to do anything , ’ said .

In Chapter 8 , where welfare economics was introduced , we stated a very important condition for an increase in economic welfare .
in chapter 8 , where welfare economics was introduced , we stated a very important [state] for an increase in economic welfare .

This was the Pareto condition that at least one consumer must be made better off without at the same time any others being made worse off .
this was the pareto [state] that at least one consumer must be made better off without at the same time any others being made worse off .

Adopting this condition , we can only interpret an increase in real output per capita as an actual improvement in economic welfare if no distributional changes occur which make any individuals or groups worse off .
adopting this [state] , we can only interpret an increase in real output per capita as an actual improvement in economic welfare if no distributional changes occur which make any individuals or groups worse off .

By applying the Pareto condition , we can not say that the oil discovery improves actual economic welfare .
by applying the pareto [state] , we can not say that the oil discovery improves actual economic welfare .

What we can do in cases like this is to apply the Hicks-Kaldor condition for a potential improvement .
what we can do in cases like this is to apply the hicks-kaldor [state] for a potential improvement .

Recall from Chapter 8 that , according to the Hicks-Kaldor condition , if any change occurs which redistributes income in such a way that the gainers can potentially compensate the losers and still be better off than they were before , then we can conclude that potential economic welfare has increased .
recall from chapter 8 that , according to the hicks-kaldor [state] , if any change occurs which redistributes income in such a way that the gainers can potentially compensate the losers and still be better off than they were before , then we can conclude that potential economic welfare has increased .

Aggregate demand = Aggregate supply Only when this condition is satisfied can we say that the total value of goods and services that households and the other economic agents want to buy is equal to the total value that firms want to produce .
aggregate demand = aggregate supply only when this [state] is satisfied can we say that the total value of goods and services that households and the other economic agents want to buy is equal to the total value that firms want to produce .

The rivers of England and Wales are in a worse condition than ten years ago , according to a detailed survey by the government 's water pollution watchdog , the National Rivers Authority .
the rivers of england and wales are in a worse [state] than ten years ago , according to a detailed survey by the government 's water pollution watchdog , the national rivers authority .

The vitally important balance condition of absolutely no current flowing through the detector corresponds to the potential difference across it being zero at all times .
the vitally important balance [state] of absolutely no current flowing through the detector corresponds to the potential difference across it being zero at all times .

7.5 ( a ) The general Wheatstone form of a.c. bridge and ( b ) the approach to its double balance condition through successive alternate attempts at nulling the in-phase and quadrature components of potential difference across the detector .
7.5 ( a ) the general wheatstone form of a.c. bridge and ( b ) the approach to its double balance [state] through successive alternate attempts at nulling the in-phase and quadrature components of potential difference across the detector .

Normally several successive alternate balancings of the in-phase and quadrature components are needed before a sufficiently fine approximation to the perfect double balance condition is reached .
normally several successive alternate balancings of the in-phase and quadrature components are needed before a sufficiently fine approximation to the perfect double balance [state] is reached .

In each case , the sensitivity of detection of the balance condition can be enhanced by preceding the detector with a suitable electronic amplifier of adjustable gain .
in each case , the sensitivity of detection of the balance [state] can be enhanced by preceding the detector with a suitable electronic amplifier of adjustable gain .

Secondly , is required to allow the balance condition ( 7.18 ) to be achieved .
secondly , is required to allow the balance [state] ( 7.18 ) to be achieved .

Its transfer function in the unloaded condition is or Hence its unloaded transmission is given by from which it can be seen that the transmission approaches 100 % as the frequency tends to zero or infinity , but reaches a minimum value of ⅔ when .
its transfer function in the unloaded [state] is or hence its unloaded transmission is given by from which it can be seen that the transmission approaches 100 % as the frequency tends to zero or infinity , but reaches a minimum value of ⅔ when .

Whenever , the output current is also zero and so , because the current is continuous between the input terminals , Rearranging terms , this gives Through equations ( 8.28 ) and ( 8.29 ) under the condition , and can be expressed in terms of .
whenever , the output current is also zero and so , because the current is continuous between the input terminals , rearranging terms , this gives through equations ( 8.28 ) and ( 8.29 ) under the [state] , and can be expressed in terms of .

The series and parallel arms of the ladder are dual , resonant , reactive networks , their impedances being ; To make the product independent of frequency requires under which condition Satisfaction of condition ( 9.47 ) causes the series and parallel arms to resonate at the same frequency and there is 100 % transmission at that frequency .
the series and parallel arms of the ladder are dual , resonant , reactive networks , their impedances being ; to make the product independent of frequency requires under which [state] satisfaction of [state] ( 9.47 ) causes the series and parallel arms to resonate at the same frequency and there is 100 % transmission at that frequency .

The condition is conveniently expressed by where Taking the square root of both sides of equation ( 9.50 ) , the quadratic equation is obtained which has roots or , since only positive pulsatances have physical meaning Substituting for k from equation ( 9.48 ) , these pulsatances are and imposing condition ( 9.51 ) establishes that the pulsatance range corresponding to is In this range of pulsatance , the attenuation constant is zero , but from equation ( 9.15 ) there is a phase shift per section given by In the range which corresponds to pulsatances satisfying and , where and are the critical pulsatances defined in condition ( 9.52 ) , the phase shift is but there is attenuation characterised by an attenuation constant α where Perhaps surprisingly , condition ( 9.52 ) yields the simple relationship
the [state] is conveniently expressed by where taking the square root of both sides of equation ( 9.50 ) , the quadratic equation is obtained which has roots or , since only positive pulsatances have physical meaning substituting for k from equation ( 9.48 ) , these pulsatances are and imposing [state] ( 9.51 ) establishes that the pulsatance range corresponding to is in this range of pulsatance , the attenuation constant is zero , but from equation ( 9.15 ) there is a phase shift per section given by in the range which corresponds to pulsatances satisfying and , where and are the critical pulsatances defined in [state] ( 9.52 ) , the phase shift is but there is attenuation characterised by an attenuation constant α where perhaps surprisingly , [state] ( 9.52 ) yields the simple relationship

Under this condition a spurious infinitesimal input signal quickly grows to create a substantial periodic output signal .
under this [state] a spurious infinitesimal input signal quickly grows to create a substantial periodic output signal .

The critical condition regarding stability is embodied in Nyquist 's criterion .
the critical [state] regarding stability is embodied in nyquist 's criterion .

If the condition for oscillation is met at only one frequency then essentially sinusoidal oscillation will occur at that frequency .
if the [state] for oscillation is met at only one frequency then essentially sinusoidal oscillation will occur at that frequency .

In particular , since oscillation is avoided if the phase shift is less than at the frequency at which falls to unity , it follows that a negative-feedback amplifier involving just first-order networks is stable if the slope of the plot of versus is less than 12dB per octave as the condition is approached .
in particular , since oscillation is avoided if the phase shift is less than at the frequency at which falls to unity , it follows that a negative-feedback amplifier involving just first-order networks is stable if the slope of the plot of versus is less than 12db per octave as the [state] is approached .

Now , if and are presented on the same plot , their separation is the required as illustrated in figure 10.16 ( a ) and where they cross corresponds to the crucial condition .
now , if and are presented on the same plot , their separation is the required as illustrated in figure 10.16 ( a ) and where they cross corresponds to the crucial [state] .

Putting and making the inverse transformation via equation ( 11.32 ) or Again there is an absence of oscillation and the circuit in this condition is said to be overdamped ( refer back to figure 4.15 ( b ) again ) .
putting and making the inverse transformation via equation ( 11.32 ) or again there is an absence of oscillation and the circuit in this [state] is said to be overdamped ( refer back to figure 4.15 ( b ) again ) .

With the same notation as earlier , since , where and , as α becomes larger corresponding to more damping , gets smaller and the poles converge on the real axis until when , which is the critically damped condition and the poles coincide on the real axis .
with the same notation as earlier , since , where and , as α becomes larger corresponding to more damping , gets smaller and the poles converge on the real axis until when , which is the critically damped [state] and the poles coincide on the real axis .

To create a Chebyshev filter , equation ( 12.22 ) shows that the poles of must be arranged to satisfy Making the helpful substitution so that the required condition ( 12.27 ) becomes or on equating real and imaginary parts Since can not be zero , and and it follows that the poles of are given by equation ( 12.28 ) subject to the two conditions where p is any integer ( positive or negative ) including zero , and Of course , the poles can also be obtained through similar substitution for rather than .
to create a chebyshev filter , equation ( 12.22 ) shows that the poles of must be arranged to satisfy making the helpful substitution so that the required [state] ( 12.27 ) becomes or on equating real and imaginary parts since can not be zero , and and it follows that the poles of are given by equation ( 12.28 ) subject to the two conditions where p is any integer ( positive or negative ) including zero , and of course , the poles can also be obtained through similar substitution for rather than .

‘ Knowing the condition of Mrs Hanby after her illness in the 1970s , they placed more pressure on them , by placing more children with a difficult upbringing in the hands of the Hanbys ’ .
‘ knowing the [state] of mrs hanby after her illness in the 1970s , they placed more pressure on them , by placing more children with a difficult upbringing in the hands of the hanbys ’ .

Ideally , a ‘ class ’ will be six to fifteen people , but this is not a rigid condition ; perhaps a ‘ one to one ’ may be needed to cover particular points .
ideally , a ‘ class ’ will be six to fifteen people , but this is not a rigid [state] ; perhaps a ‘ one to one ’ may be needed to cover particular points .

Terrible condition that lawn .
terrible [state] that lawn .

se see what condition your hair 's in .
se see what [state] your hair 's in .

And there 's a lady there , and er , got a caravan and her husband had died and she wanted me to swap caravans , her 's was actually a better condition caravan than mine
and there 's a lady there , and er , got a caravan and her husband had died and she wanted me to swap caravans , her 's was actually a better [state] caravan than mine

But it was in a better state . Better condition was n't it ?
but it was in a better state . better [state] was n't it ?

Well they , they 'll put a condition on as well .
well they , they 'll put a [state] on as well .

Must be in bloody marvellous condition for that price .
must be in bloody marvellous [state] for that price .

Good all round condition .
good all round [state] .

Vauxhall bodywork new tyres excellent condition good offers four door car .
vauxhall bodywork new tyres excellent [state] good offers four door car .

Medical condition .
medical [state] .

but you can have vents . But while our wood frames are in condition
but you can have vents . but while our wood frames are in [state]

Vince 's new car looks nice do n't it ? Looks in good condition .
vince 's new car looks nice do n't it ? looks in good [state] .

do n't say keep your vehicle in good condition , pay particular attention to lights , brakes , steering , tyres , including spare seat belts
do n't say keep your vehicle in good [state] , pay particular attention to lights , brakes , steering , tyres , including spare seat belts

The they 're both , they 're all in lovely condition are n't they ?
the they 're both , they 're all in lovely [state] are n't they ?

chair , good condition
chair , good [state]

As the transmitter itself is not connected to a real earth or ‘ ground ’ it is essential that the instrument used is adequately screened and all wiring connections are in good condition .
as the transmitter itself is not connected to a real earth or ‘ ground ’ it is essential that the instrument used is adequately screened and all wiring connections are in good [state] .

You wo n't see a lovelier setting than Woodbridge , or a course that is in better condition .
you wo n't see a lovelier setting than woodbridge , or a course that is in better [state] .

It 's an easy walking course of good year-round condition with small greens of high quality ; a second shot course offering magnanimous targets from the tee , according to Nigel Whyte .
it 's an easy walking course of good year-round [state] with small greens of high quality ; a second shot course offering magnanimous targets from the tee , according to nigel whyte .

1978 Fender Jazz , excellent condition , original ticket/ash trays , swap for Chapman Stick .
1978 fender jazz , excellent [state] , original ticket/ash trays , swap for chapman stick .

After flowering , their leaves expand and as long as they do not get too dry , they will stay in good condition all summer long .
after flowering , their leaves expand and as long as they do not get too dry , they will stay in good [state] all summer long .

Once a pair are in good condition , they will probably begin to go through the spawning ritual even in the community tank .
once a pair are in good [state] , they will probably begin to go through the spawning ritual even in the community tank .

Water in the breeding tanks need to be in top condition .
water in the breeding tanks need to be in top [state] .

Cichlids will only breed when they are ready , totally satisfied with their surroundings , and also in the peak of condition .
cichlids will only breed when they are ready , totally satisfied with their surroundings , and also in the peak of [state] .

In order to keep Spotted Rasbora in good condition aim for water that is soft , clear and well-filtered .
in order to keep spotted rasbora in good [state] aim for water that is soft , clear and well-filtered .

The importer makes all the difference to the quality , condition and cost of the fish from your retailer .
the importer makes all the difference to the quality , [state] and cost of the fish from your retailer .

Now you can confirm at close hand the patterning and colour of the Koi , whether any Doitsu scales are regularly placed , the condition of the fins and ( hopefully ) the complete absence of parasites or fish-pox nodules .
now you can confirm at close hand the patterning and colour of the koi , whether any doitsu scales are regularly placed , the [state] of the fins and ( hopefully ) the complete absence of parasites or fish-pox nodules .

The bistable will therefore power-up in either the Set or Reset condition .
the bistable will therefore power-up in either the set or reset [state] .

It is sometimes useful to allow the Set or Reset condition to take effect only when a pulse is applied to a third input called the Clock ( Ck ) .
it is sometimes useful to allow the set or reset [state] to take effect only when a pulse is applied to a third input called the clock ( ck ) .

In the parapsid condition there is a single opening high up on the skull .
in the parapsid [state] there is a single opening high up on the skull .

Schleiermacher conceives of religion as pre-existing particular historical manifestations which are grounded in the fundamental unity of religion , an a priori condition .
schleiermacher conceives of religion as pre-existing particular historical manifestations which are grounded in the fundamental unity of religion , an a priori [state] .

He approved of the humanitarian work of Christian missionaries in the field of medicine and in the alleviation of the condition of the poor .
he approved of the humanitarian work of christian missionaries in the field of medicine and in the alleviation of the [state] of the poor .

Depending on the shape and condition of the butt , Klondyke would expect to extract around seven 2″ straps from the average hide , allowing for nicks or marks from where an animal might have grazed or cut itself , when a scar will show on the leather .
depending on the shape and [state] of the butt , klondyke would expect to extract around seven 2″ straps from the average hide , allowing for nicks or marks from where an animal might have grazed or cut itself , when a scar will show on the leather .

There is , however , remedial treatment that can be undertaken to assess more closely , or even cure the condition .
there is , however , remedial treatment that can be undertaken to assess more closely , or even cure the [state] .

He continued to hide this condition for almost a week , until he collapsed during a break in rehearsals , and was rushed to hospital .
he continued to hide this [state] for almost a week , until he collapsed during a break in rehearsals , and was rushed to hospital .

He kept going on penicillin shots , but his condition continued to deteriorate .
he kept going on penicillin shots , but his [state] continued to deteriorate .

The only real kiss is the platonic one between Dustin and McQueen on the cliff top , before McQueen dives into the sea and escapes , swimming surprisingly powerfully for a man of his age and condition .
the only real kiss is the platonic one between dustin and mcqueen on the cliff top , before mcqueen dives into the sea and escapes , swimming surprisingly powerfully for a man of his age and [state] .

Most of his days were spent huddled round over the fire and George knew that his parents were worried about his Uncle 's condition .
most of his days were spent huddled round over the fire and george knew that his parents were worried about his uncle 's [state] .

As soon as it was possible to get out of Sleightholmedale , he wrote to Tamar to tell her that their Uncle George 's condition was worsening rapidly .
as soon as it was possible to get out of sleightholmedale , he wrote to tamar to tell her that their uncle george 's [state] was worsening rapidly .

Annie and Jonadab were unaware that George had written to tell Tamar of their Uncle George 's condition .
annie and jonadab were unaware that george had written to tell tamar of their uncle george 's [state] .

He assured Lord Salisbury on his visit to England in the summer of 1929 that ( according to Salisbury 's notes of their conversation ) , though dominion status might be admitted as the ultimate goal , ‘ inasmuch as it is impossible to anticipate an India which could defend itself , and as it is unthinkable that a British army could be subject to native control — an essential condition of real Dominion status — the realisation of the aspiration is not within sight ’ .
he assured lord salisbury on his visit to england in the summer of 1929 that ( according to salisbury 's notes of their conversation ) , though dominion status might be admitted as the ultimate goal , ‘ inasmuch as it is impossible to anticipate an india which could defend itself , and as it is unthinkable that a british army could be subject to native control — an essential [state] of real dominion status — the realisation of the aspiration is not within sight ’ .

To some extent , the wartime activism of the Colonial Office only reinforced a trend which had begun shortly before the war , when revelations of the poverty-stricken condition of Britain 's tropical empire , especially the West Indies , had forced the British government to take a more visible interest in colonial welfare .
to some extent , the wartime activism of the colonial office only reinforced a trend which had begun shortly before the war , when revelations of the poverty-stricken [state] of britain 's tropical empire , especially the west indies , had forced the british government to take a more visible interest in colonial welfare .

The question was , as Hailey inimitably put it : ‘ Can we be sure of the continuance of that degree of acquiescence in our rule which is a necessary condition of administrative progress ?
the question was , as hailey inimitably put it : ‘ can we be sure of the continuance of that degree of acquiescence in our rule which is a necessary [state] of administrative progress ?

‘ biblical standard , given for the well-being of society ... [ that ] fornication , adultery and homosexual acts are sinful in all circumstances ... [ and that ] Christian leaders are called on to be exemplary in all spheres of morality , including sexual morality , as a condition of being appointed to or remaining in office .
‘ biblical standard , given for the well-being of society ... [ that ] fornication , adultery and homosexual acts are sinful in all circumstances ... [ and that ] christian leaders are called on to be exemplary in all spheres of morality , including sexual morality , as a [state] of being appointed to or remaining in office .

Anyone who has a history of epilepsy ( even if that condition is being fully controlled by medication ) should never on any account be hypnotized , as the process of entering the appropriate altered state of mind can actually trigger off an epileptic fit .
anyone who has a history of epilepsy ( even if that [state] is being fully controlled by medication ) should never on any account be hypnotized , as the process of entering the appropriate altered state of mind can actually trigger off an epileptic fit .

With the exception of epileptics ( see p.5 ) — even those whose condition is being kept well under control by prescribed drugs — there is no way that any other form of medical treatment or medication can affect your ability to be a good hypnotic subject .
with the exception of epileptics ( see p.5 ) — even those whose [state] is being kept well under control by prescribed drugs — there is no way that any other form of medical treatment or medication can affect your ability to be a good hypnotic subject .

Because of a longstanding health condition , her father was not considered physically suitable for the armed forces and so he worked in a munitions factory not too far from their home .
because of a longstanding health [state] , her father was not considered physically suitable for the armed forces and so he worked in a munitions factory not too far from their home .

While some of them are able to accept the situation with equanimity and wait for it to pass , others tend to panic and assume that the condition must of necessity be a permanent one .
while some of them are able to accept the situation with equanimity and wait for it to pass , others tend to panic and assume that the [state] must of necessity be a permanent one .

For one thing , they often feel that they must hide their condition in order not to appear foolish in the eyes of others .
for one thing , they often feel that they must hide their [state] in order not to appear foolish in the eyes of others .

Being able to look back , by means of regression , and discover that their condition has a logical and rational cause , takes away that feeling of stupidity and prevents the patient condemning himself to a lifetime of inevitable failure .
being able to look back , by means of regression , and discover that their [state] has a logical and rational cause , takes away that feeling of stupidity and prevents the patient condemning himself to a lifetime of inevitable failure .

Eventually she had been sent to a psychiatrist to see if he could help discover the reason for what appeared to be a purely psychosomatic condition .
eventually she had been sent to a psychiatrist to see if he could help discover the reason for what appeared to be a purely psychosomatic [state] .

The best compromise is probably as follows — condition and dechlorinate the water to be used , and use one or more of the filter starter type solutions or powders , alternatively wash out an old filter sponge or the like in the tank .
the best compromise is probably as follows — [state] and dechlorinate the water to be used , and use one or more of the filter starter type solutions or powders , alternatively wash out an old filter sponge or the like in the tank .

If the condition is not remedied rapidly total fish-kills often result .
if the [state] is not remedied rapidly total fish-kills often result .

This condition should immediately be remedied by a series of water changes over a week to ten days — using the gravel cleaner …
this [state] should immediately be remedied by a series of water changes over a week to ten days — using the gravel cleaner …

The water stays clear and in good condition because it 's sealed in
the water stays clear and in good [state] because it 's sealed in

While the filter is maturing , take a look at your remaining fish and assess their condition .
while the filter is maturing , take a look at your remaining fish and assess their [state] .

actually improves the condition of your hair
actually improves the [state] of your hair

Having said all that , you should keep your hands and nails in good condition for yourself and be proud of them rather than try to hide them away from view .
having said all that , you should keep your hands and nails in good [state] for yourself and be proud of them rather than try to hide them away from view .

Use it twice a week for 60 days then once a week to get nails into peak condition .
use it twice a week for 60 days then once a week to get nails into peak [state] .

The result : Very feminine and much more flattering with beautiful colour and condition .
the result : very feminine and much more flattering with beautiful colour and [state] .

Sue 's hair is quite fine and in good condition but her eight month old perm was looking a bit tired .
sue 's hair is quite fine and in good [state] but her eight month old perm was looking a bit tired .

Complete telephones are available in used condition quite cheaply from mail order suppliers .
complete telephones are available in used [state] quite cheaply from mail order suppliers .

Alisa Morrant is a senior registrar in dental public health for the North-West Regional Health Authority , which reports a high proportion of five-year-olds with teeth in a poor condition .
alisa morrant is a senior registrar in dental public health for the north-west regional health authority , which reports a high proportion of five-year-olds with teeth in a poor [state] .

Wine needs to be stored in the right environment to retain its top condition .
wine needs to be stored in the right environment to retain its top [state] .

Musty ‘ off ’ smells mean that it is out of condition .
musty ‘ off ’ smells mean that it is out of [state] .

There is nothing to be ashamed of in having your tank go wrong from time to time — it happens to me too you know ! What is important is to be aware of the normal condition of your fish to as to detect any problem immediately , and to check , and if necessary remedy water quality as soon as any trouble is spotted .
there is nothing to be ashamed of in having your tank go wrong from time to time — it happens to me too you know ! what is important is to be aware of the normal [state] of your fish to as to detect any problem immediately , and to check , and if necessary remedy water quality as soon as any trouble is spotted .

This stripe tends to fade when the male is in breeding condition and leave the fish looking an all over silver , with a hint of blue along the throat and belly .
this stripe tends to fade when the male is in breeding [state] and leave the fish looking an all over silver , with a hint of blue along the throat and belly .

This is particularly true for the female , as she must be in top condition to make good quality eggs prior to spawning .
this is particularly true for the female , as she must be in top [state] to make good quality eggs prior to spawning .

Once the male comes into spawning condition he will select a suitable territory and start to build a bubble nest .
once the male comes into spawning [state] he will select a suitable territory and start to build a bubble nest .

This selection of foods will soon bring your fish into breeding condition .
this selection of foods will soon bring your fish into breeding [state] .

However , unless the pond has a very low stocking level , there will not be enough natural food available to maintain the fish in good condition .
however , unless the pond has a very low stocking level , there will not be enough natural food available to maintain the fish in good [state] .

That this can be done is borne out in practice , and it is sometimes noted that , in the course of treatment for some long-standing chronic condition , patients will re-experience old symptoms which they may have forgotten about .
that this can be done is borne out in practice , and it is sometimes noted that , in the course of treatment for some long-standing chronic [state] , patients will re-experience old symptoms which they may have forgotten about .

Miasms are now recognized to be both inherited and acquired ; and often a specific remedy called a nosode , which is related to the infection in question , is required before a chronic condition can be entirely cleared up .
miasms are now recognized to be both inherited and acquired ; and often a specific remedy called a nosode , which is related to the infection in question , is required before a chronic [state] can be entirely cleared up .

If a condition is simply due to muscle tension , either as a result of an injury ( whiplash injury to the neck is a common one ) or due to postural defects , then this type of therapy is the treatment of choice .
if a [state] is simply due to muscle tension , either as a result of an injury ( whiplash injury to the neck is a common one ) or due to postural defects , then this type of therapy is the treatment of choice .

The conclusion one draws from this overview of the various therapies available is that the treatment chosen will depend on what the precipitating and underlying causes of the condition under treatment seem to be .
the conclusion one draws from this overview of the various therapies available is that the treatment chosen will depend on what the precipitating and underlying causes of the [state] under treatment seem to be .

Using this combined treatment regime , the patients experienced considerable improvement in their condition in over 80 per cent of the cases , and most of this was achieved within two weeks .
using this combined treatment regime , the patients experienced considerable improvement in their [state] in over 80 per cent of the cases , and most of this was achieved within two weeks .

The same drug can therefore be used for all cases of the condition , although even in conventional medicine not all patients will respond to it .
the same drug can therefore be used for all cases of the [state] , although even in conventional medicine not all patients will respond to it .

In the homoeopathic approach , on the other hand , the treatment is determined not by the condition from which the patient is suffering but from his or her reaction to that condition , the totality of the symptom picture .
in the homoeopathic approach , on the other hand , the treatment is determined not by the [state] from which the patient is suffering but from his or her reaction to that [state] , the totality of the symptom picture .

Despite the increased difficulties , trials have been carried out on the effects of homoeopathy in a chronic condition — rheumatoid arthritis .
despite the increased difficulties , trials have been carried out on the effects of homoeopathy in a chronic [state] — rheumatoid arthritis .

It is usually followed by a substantial improvement in the patient 's condition .
it is usually followed by a substantial improvement in the patient 's [state] .

Cancer is by no means the only life-threatening condition .
cancer is by no means the only life-threatening [state] .

In these changing circumstances Jenkins is willing to accept his responsibility , as club coach as much as assistant national coach , for Wales ' present condition and uncertain future .
in these changing circumstances jenkins is willing to accept his responsibility , as club coach as much as assistant national coach , for wales ' present [state] and uncertain future .

Since such fatalities are frequently avoidable , each one is an indictment of corporate practices , and consequently wherever pressure can be brought to bear , either in the process of recognizing a fatal disease-causing work condition or in the enforcement practices , corporate officials will lean towards favouring those definitions and arrangements which minimize the recording of deaths as arising from occupational hazards .
since such fatalities are frequently avoidable , each one is an indictment of corporate practices , and consequently wherever pressure can be brought to bear , either in the process of recognizing a fatal disease-causing work [state] or in the enforcement practices , corporate officials will lean towards favouring those definitions and arrangements which minimize the recording of deaths as arising from occupational hazards .

This analysis obscured Durkheim 's original formulation ( 1898 ) in which anomie was conceptualized as normlessness , as a condition of moral deregulation .
this analysis obscured durkheim 's original formulation ( 1898 ) in which anomie was conceptualized as normlessness , as a [state] of moral deregulation .

In a condition of pure individuation , the successful experience the sensation that anything and everything is possible .
in a [state] of pure individuation , the successful experience the sensation that anything and everything is possible .

For the inspectorate tended to initiate a prosecution only against firms who had ‘ unsatisfactory attitudes ’ ; others whose violations were seen to stem from adverse economic circumstances , or from some other extenuating condition were not prosecuted .
for the inspectorate tended to initiate a prosecution only against firms who had ‘ unsatisfactory attitudes ’ ; others whose violations were seen to stem from adverse economic circumstances , or from some other extenuating [state] were not prosecuted .

The one study on which this latter conclusion is based can not be generalized to demonstrate that there is a specific deterrent effect for all other corporate offences , and in any case , it should be treated very cautiously , not only because a single study can often be shown later to have missed the general condition , but also because it flies in the face of empirically grounded deterrence theory .
the one study on which this latter conclusion is based can not be generalized to demonstrate that there is a specific deterrent effect for all other corporate offences , and in any case , it should be treated very cautiously , not only because a single study can often be shown later to have missed the general [state] , but also because it flies in the face of empirically grounded deterrence theory .

‘ Are they still in good condition ?
‘ are they still in good [state] ?

The corks were tight enough to keep the wine in good condition for perhaps forty to fifty years , but it is understandable that after sixty years some evaporation should have taken place .
the corks were tight enough to keep the wine in good [state] for perhaps forty to fifty years , but it is understandable that after sixty years some evaporation should have taken place .

The plumbing and drainage pipes were all intact and in fairly good condition , but the electrical equipment and the lighting circuits were in need of urgent attention .
the plumbing and drainage pipes were all intact and in fairly good [state] , but the electrical equipment and the lighting circuits were in need of urgent attention .

And the umpires considered that to be in ‘ too poor a condition ’ to use .
and the umpires considered that to be in ‘ too poor a [state] ’ to use .

Sharpe was released a few days later , but there were to be many more visits to the hospital as worries grew about his condition .
sharpe was released a few days later , but there were to be many more visits to the hospital as worries grew about his [state] .

Condition ‘ The lad needs to be involved but it 's still too early for me to say whether he will play in that game . ’
[state] ‘ the lad needs to be involved but it 's still too early for me to say whether he will play in that game . ’

As well as Sunday 's League match , there is an Italian Cup tie the following Wednesday for Gazza to prove he 's in a good enough condition to make some contribution against Norway .
as well as sunday 's league match , there is an italian cup tie the following wednesday for gazza to prove he 's in a good enough [state] to make some contribution against norway .

There was only one condition . Could Sandra please not say a word to anyone , not even the women or the other rescue workers ?
there was only one [state] . could sandra please not say a word to anyone , not even the women or the other rescue workers ?

‘ The law leaves us in a very curious condition , ’ former consultant Alan Dixon told the Cox case jury .
‘ the law leaves us in a very curious [state] , ’ former consultant alan dixon told the cox case jury .

Whatever their condition , they should always be given appropriate loving care .
whatever their [state] , they should always be given appropriate loving care .

Her condition improved but a week later the infection returned and she died .
her [state] improved but a week later the infection returned and she died .

But supposing we were in the same distressing condition as Mrs Lilian Boyes , whose pain was so intense she was described as ‘ howling and screaming like a dog ? ’
but supposing we were in the same distressing [state] as mrs lilian boyes , whose pain was so intense she was described as ‘ howling and screaming like a dog ? ’

Rigid divisions of patients by medical condition are much less usual now , and remain the province of obsessional medical students and old school consultants , for whom classification by organ is a time-honoured tradition .
rigid divisions of patients by medical [state] are much less usual now , and remain the province of obsessional medical students and old school consultants , for whom classification by organ is a time-honoured tradition .

There would be no shortage of clubs interested if the dispute escalated , but Graham will want Merson in peak condition rather than out of the club .
there would be no shortage of clubs interested if the dispute escalated , but graham will want merson in peak [state] rather than out of the club .

It says : ‘ No one shall rub the ball on the ground or use any artificial substance or take any other action to alter the condition of the ball . ’
it says : ‘ no one shall rub the ball on the ground or use any artificial substance or take any other action to alter the [state] of the ball . ’

Lord 's insiders insist that he acted under Law 42.5 which specifically deals with unfair play and clearly states : ‘ No one shall rub the ball on the ground or use any artificial substance or take any other action to alter the condition of the ball . ’
lord 's insiders insist that he acted under law 42.5 which specifically deals with unfair play and clearly states : ‘ no one shall rub the ball on the ground or use any artificial substance or take any other action to alter the [state] of the ball . ’

With Wright hampered by injuries and Merson 's physical condition in question , Graham suddenly has problems in attack .
with wright hampered by injuries and merson 's physical [state] in question , graham suddenly has problems in attack .

When Matthew was six weeks old , Karen and husband Tony , 28 , were told his chronic kidney condition was deadly .
when matthew was six weeks old , karen and husband tony , 28 , were told his chronic kidney [state] was deadly .

‘ His condition was obvious and they must have decided to pull him on the way home . ’
‘ his [state] was obvious and they must have decided to pull him on the way home . ’

Then her condition deteriorated .
then her [state] deteriorated .

John was said to be in a critical but stable condition last night in St James ' Hospital , Leeds .
john was said to be in a critical but stable [state] last night in st james ' hospital , leeds .

Mitterrand 's personal doctor said his condition could be treated easily — probably with pills — and did not require chemotherapy .
mitterrand 's personal doctor said his [state] could be treated easily — probably with pills — and did not require chemotherapy .

But his condition deteriorated and he died late on Saturday .
but his [state] deteriorated and he died late on saturday .

Two of the burns victims were in a critical condition last night .
two of the burns victims were in a critical [state] last night .

As her condition deteriorated , Brafman did not seek help from senior doctors but ‘ brazened it out and took away her last chance to be properly and professionally treated . ’
as her [state] deteriorated , brafman did not seek help from senior doctors but ‘ brazened it out and took away her last chance to be properly and professionally treated . ’

The condition was possibly caused by years spent under bright stage lights .
the [state] was possibly caused by years spent under bright stage lights .

Hospital spokeswoman Carol Gough said there were ‘ signs of slight improvement ’ in 59-year-old Leslie 's condition .
hospital spokeswoman carol gough said there were ‘ signs of slight improvement ’ in 59-year-old leslie 's [state] .

Leslie , who was suffering from a heart condition before the crash , had a clot the size of an apple removed on Monday .
leslie , who was suffering from a heart [state] before the crash , had a clot the size of an apple removed on monday .

There are problems with the condition of the path and , alas , litter .
there are problems with the [state] of the path and , alas , litter .

And medical experts say the horrific condition may have been brought on by a paracetamol tablet .
and medical experts say the horrific [state] may have been brought on by a paracetamol tablet .

Old lag Charlie Cowden , who has a serious heart condition , feared 73-year-old Rosie Hiscock would end up in a home if he died .
old lag charlie cowden , who has a serious heart [state] , feared 73-year-old rosie hiscock would end up in a home if he died .

But her condition worsened and she was forced to give it up .
but her [state] worsened and she was forced to give it up .

She should be given a generous financial settlement — on condition that she does not sell her memoirs of life among the royals .
she should be given a generous financial settlement — on [state] that she does not sell her memoirs of life among the royals .

The shows are re-scheduled from the band 's last European tour when two Irish appearances had to be cancelled due to Kurt Cobain 's throat condition .
the shows are re-scheduled from the band 's last european tour when two irish appearances had to be cancelled due to kurt cobain 's throat [state] .

To tell the truth , he did n't look in very good condition .
to tell the truth , he did n't look in very good [state] .

And , yesterday , his condition improved .
and , yesterday , his [state] improved .

His is constantly pre-occupied with fitness , strength , and staying in peak condition .
his is constantly pre-occupied with fitness , strength , and staying in peak [state] .

The second was that ‘ hypersensitive ’ Presley — scheduled to leave on a 10-city tour — feared his fans ' reaction to seeing him weighing more than 16st and out of condition .
the second was that ‘ hypersensitive ’ presley — scheduled to leave on a 10-city tour — feared his fans ' reaction to seeing him weighing more than 16st and out of [state] .

As Hayling , Walsh , Lowe and the others must have known , Thornton could not accept either condition .
as hayling , walsh , lowe and the others must have known , thornton could not accept either [state] .

There was one condition he had n't mentioned — he wanted a seat on the Board as a non-executive director , in line with his standard policy when putting a significant amount into a company .
there was one [state] he had n't mentioned — he wanted a seat on the board as a non-executive director , in line with his standard policy when putting a significant amount into a company .

Technical and professional employees , senior staff and certain other employees with key skills ( such as data control staff with operating languages , job controllers and printed circuit board layout draftsmen ) were eligible for this relocation assistance , although the allowances package was dependent on the condition that the distance between the employee 's old home and Stevenage represented an increase of at least 15 miles compared with their old home to work journey .
technical and professional employees , senior staff and certain other employees with key skills ( such as data control staff with operating languages , job controllers and printed circuit board layout draftsmen ) were eligible for this relocation assistance , although the allowances package was dependent on the [state] that the distance between the employee 's old home and stevenage represented an increase of at least 15 miles compared with their old home to work journey .

( Employees must maintain their houses in good condition , make every effort to sell at the best price and receive company authority before accepting an offer . )
( employees must maintain their houses in good [state] , make every effort to sell at the best price and receive company authority before accepting an offer . )

Indirect sex discrimination occurs when an unjustifiable requirement or condition is applied equally to both sexes , but has a disproportionately adverse effect on one sex because the proportion of one sex which can comply with it is much smaller than the proportion of the other sex which can comply with it .
indirect sex discrimination occurs when an unjustifiable requirement or [state] is applied equally to both sexes , but has a disproportionately adverse effect on one sex because the proportion of one sex which can comply with it is much smaller than the proportion of the other sex which can comply with it .

Indirect discrimination against a married person is similar in concept to indirect sex discrimination and may arise when a condition or requirement is applied equally to married and unmarried persons of the same sex but which is in fact discriminatory in its effect on married persons .
indirect discrimination against a married person is similar in concept to indirect sex discrimination and may arise when a [state] or requirement is applied equally to married and unmarried persons of the same sex but which is in fact discriminatory in its effect on married persons .

These Articles , confirmed by Acts of the Scottish and English Parliament ( Union with England Act 1706 ; Union with Scotland Act 1706 ) , were to ‘ be held and observed in all time coming as a Fundamental and Essential Condition ’ of union .
these articles , confirmed by acts of the scottish and english parliament ( union with england act 1706 ; union with scotland act 1706 ) , were to ‘ be held and observed in all time coming as a fundamental and essential [state] ’ of union .

True , she was shapely , in a geological sort of way , and quite intelligent as stones go but , nevertheless , the family was fast becoming alarmed at Ned 's deteriorating mental and physical condition .
true , she was shapely , in a geological sort of way , and quite intelligent as stones go but , nevertheless , the family was fast becoming alarmed at ned 's deteriorating mental and physical [state] .

The widower will receive many more invitations out to meals in other people 's homes in the early days too , and he will have the advantage of never having to feel trapped in the isolation of an empty house in the evenings ; for if his emotional condition after his wife 's death is reasonably steady and he feels the need of company , he can always stroll out to the local pub for a drink , where he can remain in complete control of the amount of conversation he wants , or can endure , and can head for home again just when he feels like it .
the widower will receive many more invitations out to meals in other people 's homes in the early days too , and he will have the advantage of never having to feel trapped in the isolation of an empty house in the evenings ; for if his emotional [state] after his wife 's death is reasonably steady and he feels the need of company , he can always stroll out to the local pub for a drink , where he can remain in complete control of the amount of conversation he wants , or can endure , and can head for home again just when he feels like it .

Having done this , you can begin by making sure that she is not left alone at all at first in her emotionally collapsed condition , unless she clearly indicates that she wants a period of solitude .
having done this , you can begin by making sure that she is not left alone at all at first in her emotionally collapsed [state] , unless she clearly indicates that she wants a period of solitude .

She will , at this point , be a very disturbed person indeed , but it is a condition that will pass , so you should show generosity in your acceptance of any unusual behaviour within reason .
she will , at this point , be a very disturbed person indeed , but it is a [state] that will pass , so you should show generosity in your acceptance of any unusual behaviour within reason .

If there is a marked resistance on the part of a lonely , but fit and mobile elderly person to consider any ideas for the possible improvement of her social life , and if gentle persuasion is of no avail , you may be justified in suspecting a condition of hidden depression .
if there is a marked resistance on the part of a lonely , but fit and mobile elderly person to consider any ideas for the possible improvement of her social life , and if gentle persuasion is of no avail , you may be justified in suspecting a [state] of hidden depression .

For example , it may speak of ‘ Terminal Condition ’ , but what is ‘ Terminal ’ ; six days , six months or even years ?
for example , it may speak of ‘ terminal [state] ’ , but what is ‘ terminal ’ ; six days , six months or even years ?

This leaves the vine curled in a heap , a condition in which it will remain until the January or February pruning when all but the one-year-old growth is either cut away or buried for advancing into new vines .
this leaves the vine curled in a heap , a [state] in which it will remain until the january or february pruning when all but the one-year-old growth is either cut away or buried for advancing into new vines .

Other parasitic insects which may attack the vine are pyralis ( the larvae of the meal-moth which feeds on young shoots and leaves ) ; altise ( a beetle which feeds on the leaves ) ; phyptus vitis ( a microscopic mite which attacks leaves , flowers and grapes , rendering a condition known as erinosis , first recognised by red leaf blisters which gradually turn yellow ) and cochenilles ( various bugs which feed on the sap , weakening the vine ) .
other parasitic insects which may attack the vine are pyralis ( the larvae of the meal-moth which feeds on young shoots and leaves ) ; altise ( a beetle which feeds on the leaves ) ; phyptus vitis ( a microscopic mite which attacks leaves , flowers and grapes , rendering a [state] known as erinosis , first recognised by red leaf blisters which gradually turn yellow ) and cochenilles ( various bugs which feed on the sap , weakening the vine ) .

But what is almost certain is that around 60 % of sufferers have some sort of genetic susceptibility to it , and three times as many women as men suffer from this distressing condition .
but what is almost certain is that around 60 % of sufferers have some sort of genetic susceptibility to it , and three times as many women as men suffer from this distressing [state] .

Charles Worthington , the Creative Director of Worthington 's hair and beauty salon recommends you wash and condition your hair as normal , towel dry it and apply any styling products like mousse or gel .
charles worthington , the creative director of worthington 's hair and beauty salon recommends you wash and [state] your hair as normal , towel dry it and apply any styling products like mousse or gel .

Perhaps it was the immigrant condition living itself out through them .
perhaps it was the immigrant [state] living itself out through them .

However , as some women do n't realise that they are pregnant , experience no pain and simply assume that they are having period problems , the condition can be extremely difficult to detect in time .
however , as some women do n't realise that they are pregnant , experience no pain and simply assume that they are having period problems , the [state] can be extremely difficult to detect in time .

Why are my nails in bad condition ?
why are my nails in bad [state] ?

Lisa , now 14 , had been born with a rare bone condition , Spondylo Epiphyseal Dysplacia .
lisa , now 14 , had been born with a rare bone [state] , spondylo epiphyseal dysplacia .

Clearly , exclusion of through traffic is a necessary but not sufficient condition for creating safe and liveable streets .
clearly , exclusion of through traffic is a necessary but not sufficient [state] for creating safe and liveable streets .

Though it was not mandated by the enabling legislation , environmental improvement was seen by many planners as a necessary condition before the street could become one based on human dimensions rather than those of traffic .
though it was not mandated by the enabling legislation , environmental improvement was seen by many planners as a necessary [state] before the street could become one based on human dimensions rather than those of traffic .

Thus it was stipulated that the character and condition of the road , together with the speed-reducing provisions installed on it , must be such that a maximum velocity of 30 km/h is a logical consequence of these circumstances .
thus it was stipulated that the character and [state] of the road , together with the speed-reducing provisions installed on it , must be such that a maximum velocity of 30 km/h is a logical consequence of these circumstances .

Make it a condition that the phrase is written and not spoken so the game is not spoiled for the others .
make it a [state] that the phrase is written and not spoken so the game is not spoiled for the others .

As you can imagine , people suffering from this condition usually experience many difficulties , and these become more significant as the condition cause sight to deteriorate .
as you can imagine , people suffering from this [state] usually experience many difficulties , and these become more significant as the [state] cause sight to deteriorate .

We consider this comment to be without foundation and should point out that as a condition of the land being used as a permanent site for our mobile home , we have had to plant over 100 conifers , together with shrubs and rose bushes .
we consider this comment to be without foundation and should point out that as a [state] of the land being used as a permanent site for our mobile home , we have had to plant over 100 conifers , together with shrubs and rose bushes .

In Williams ' chapter ( 3.1 ) , we may perhaps see a justification of equality of condition or outcome on the basis of equality of opportunity .
in williams ' chapter ( 3.1 ) , we may perhaps see a justification of equality of [state] or outcome on the basis of equality of opportunity .

This is the standard condition of the American elementary school … To a Zuni , Hopi , or Dakota Indian , Peggy 's performance would seem cruel beyond belief , for competition , the wringing of success from somebody 's failure , is a form of torture foreign to those noncompetitive Indians … ( Henry 1969 , p. 83 . )
this is the standard [state] of the american elementary school … to a zuni , hopi , or dakota indian , peggy 's performance would seem cruel beyond belief , for competition , the wringing of success from somebody 's failure , is a form of torture foreign to those noncompetitive indians … ( henry 1969 , p. 83 . )

On the positive side , it says that the company 's financial condition remains strong , with about $ 150m of cash and long-term investments at 1992 year end , and $ 112m of debt , and a debt-to-equity ratio that stands at a conservative 13 % .
on the positive side , it says that the company 's financial [state] remains strong , with about $ 150m of cash and long-term investments at 1992 year end , and $ 112m of debt , and a debt-to-equity ratio that stands at a conservative 13 % .

The ‘ battered child syndrome ’ first discovered by Henry Kempe in 1962 referred to a clinical condition in young children , invariably under three , who had received serious physical abuse , usually from a parent , and was identified by the association of subdural haematoma ( a pooling of blood around the skull ) together with evidence of broken or healing long bones ( Kempe et al .
the ‘ battered child syndrome ’ first discovered by henry kempe in 1962 referred to a clinical [state] in young children , invariably under three , who had received serious physical abuse , usually from a parent , and was identified by the association of subdural haematoma ( a pooling of blood around the skull ) together with evidence of broken or healing long bones ( kempe et al .

Many see their condition as a sign that the realms of men are about to collapse , that they are living in the last days of a dying world .
many see their [state] as a sign that the realms of men are about to collapse , that they are living in the last days of a dying world .

So why was this condition not seen as giving prospects of profit and therefore providing adequate incentive to new investment which , in turn , would have strengthened the balance of payments and made sterling less of a handicap ?
so why was this [state] not seen as giving prospects of profit and therefore providing adequate incentive to new investment which , in turn , would have strengthened the balance of payments and made sterling less of a handicap ?

This curious condition of unknown aetiology is characterised by dermal oedema , lymphocytic infiltration , basal cell degeneration , and atrophy of the stratum malpighi .
this curious [state] of unknown aetiology is characterised by dermal oedema , lymphocytic infiltration , basal cell degeneration , and atrophy of the stratum malpighi .

The condition may , however , also involve the glans or urethral meatus , resulting in meatal stenosis .
the [state] may , however , also involve the glans or urethral meatus , resulting in meatal stenosis .

Despite the clinical impression that balanitis is common in young boys , the only detailed study of this condition reported an incidence of 4 % in all boys aged up to 14 .
despite the clinical impression that balanitis is common in young boys , the only detailed study of this [state] reported an incidence of 4 % in all boys aged up to 14 .

Currently , about one child in 200 in England is treated surgically for the condition each year , making it the commonest reason for elective surgery in children .
currently , about one child in 200 in england is treated surgically for the [state] each year , making it the commonest reason for elective surgery in children .

Acute otitis media and otitis media with effusion are associated — they may be different aspects of the same condition .
acute otitis media and otitis media with effusion are associated — they may be different aspects of the same [state] .

Depending on whether the accident happened in daylight or at night , in good weather or rain or possibly snow , the exact condition of the runways and aerodrome and approach lighting systems must be established as part of the operational investigator 's accumulation of recorded facts relating to the accident .
depending on whether the accident happened in daylight or at night , in good weather or rain or possibly snow , the exact [state] of the runways and aerodrome and approach lighting systems must be established as part of the operational investigator 's accumulation of recorded facts relating to the accident .

‘ Post accident flight tests revealed that deployment of speed brakes during the landing roll produced an horizontal stabiliser load condition spectrum which was significantly different to that used in the original design . ’
‘ post accident flight tests revealed that deployment of speed brakes during the landing roll produced an horizontal stabiliser load [state] spectrum which was significantly different to that used in the original design . ’

Regardless of the size & condition of your aircraft after an accident or forced landing , we can recover your aircraft to any location of your choice for repair or storage , at a realistic price and without causing further damage .
regardless of the size & [state] of your aircraft after an accident or forced landing , we can recover your aircraft to any location of your choice for repair or storage , at a realistic price and without causing further damage .

When we receive the Goblin Steamatic in good condition , we will send you a cheque for the full purchase price within seven working days .
when we receive the goblin steamatic in good [state] , we will send you a cheque for the full purchase price within seven working days .

At the same time , they actually create the ultimate healing condition , by absorbing fluid from the wound , keeping it clean and dry .
at the same time , they actually create the ultimate healing [state] , by absorbing fluid from the wound , keeping it clean and dry .

The completed aircraft will be in factory new condition .
the completed aircraft will be in factory new [state] .

Perfect condition , stowaway mast , hydraulic furling system .
perfect [state] , stowaway mast , hydraulic furling system .

Launched in 1977 , teak deck , all sails in good condition , extensively equipped with electronics , perfect condition .
launched in 1977 , teak deck , all sails in good [state] , extensively equipped with electronics , perfect [state] .

Deep keel version in excellent condition .
deep keel version in excellent [state] .

New engine '90 , epoxy bottom , teak decks in excellent condition .
new engine '90 , epoxy bottom , teak decks in excellent [state] .

The specification includes racing mast , racing keel and 11 Milar/Kevlar sails in new condition .
the specification includes racing mast , racing keel and 11 milar/kevlar sails in new [state] .

She twice offered him bishoprics , which he refused because he was unwilling to accept the condition that some of the lands of the diocese should be alienated to the Crown .
she twice offered him bishoprics , which he refused because he was unwilling to accept the [state] that some of the lands of the diocese should be alienated to the crown .

When George Abbott , the Archbishop of Canterbury , accidentally shot dead a gamekeeper , Andrewes , as a member of a commission of enquiry , urged his colleagues ‘ Brethren , be not too busy to condemn any for uncanonicles according to the strictness thereof , lest we render ourselves in the same condition .
when george abbott , the archbishop of canterbury , accidentally shot dead a gamekeeper , andrewes , as a member of a commission of enquiry , urged his colleagues ‘ brethren , be not too busy to condemn any for uncanonicles according to the strictness thereof , lest we render ourselves in the same [state] .

The Company 's affairs were in a sad condition .
the company 's affairs were in a sad [state] .

In the same year he married the King of France 's sister , Henrietta Maria ; a secret clause in the marriage treaty bound Charles to allow open freedom of worship to English Roman Catholics , a condition which would have been quite unacceptable to Parliament .
in the same year he married the king of france 's sister , henrietta maria ; a secret clause in the marriage treaty bound charles to allow open freedom of worship to english roman catholics , a [state] which would have been quite unacceptable to parliament .

There is , therefore , a longitudinal dimension to the condition that makes it difficult to arrive at hard and fast diagnostic rules .
there is , therefore , a longitudinal dimension to the [state] that makes it difficult to arrive at hard and fast diagnostic rules .

Some of these symptoms may be so extreme that the psychotic quality of the condition is clearly evident .
some of these symptoms may be so extreme that the psychotic quality of the [state] is clearly evident .

Predictably , a greater than average proportion of such children do develop symptoms of schizophrenia — or of some related ‘ borderline ’ condition , such as schizotypal personality disorder .
predictably , a greater than average proportion of such children do develop symptoms of schizophrenia — or of some related ‘ borderline ’ [state] , such as schizotypal personality disorder .

Again , it would have been professional suicide for a civil servant to describe the indignities of derangement and to represent himself as having been mad , unless the facts were as well known to his colleagues and masters as he says they were ; while to try , on the other hand , to put his known condition in a better light , as Hoccleve does , is sensible only if the fact of his illness was well known but his recovery less well recognised , which is what he claims .
again , it would have been professional suicide for a civil servant to describe the indignities of derangement and to represent himself as having been mad , unless the facts were as well known to his colleagues and masters as he says they were ; while to try , on the other hand , to put his known [state] in a better light , as hoccleve does , is sensible only if the fact of his illness was well known but his recovery less well recognised , which is what he claims .

The Beggar claims it is by speaking of his troubles that he has himself been cured , after a severe change of fortune which has brought him from wealth to his present condition .
the beggar claims it is by speaking of his troubles that he has himself been cured , after a severe change of fortune which has brought him from wealth to his present [state] .

While Carkesse thought writing could cure his condition , Smart looked on much of his output as a vehicle of praise to his Creator for his cure .
while carkesse thought writing could cure his [state] , smart looked on much of his output as a vehicle of praise to his creator for his cure .

It is not clear whether the condition Smart is describing was purely physical , or of a psychotic nature , but two verses suggest he was mentally as well as physically afflicted in 1756 :
it is not clear whether the [state] smart is describing was purely physical , or of a psychotic nature , but two verses suggest he was mentally as well as physically afflicted in 1756 :

That it is uneven in quality , and incomprehensible in the intricacies of private association , is the inevitable result of his condition .
that it is uneven in quality , and incomprehensible in the intricacies of private association , is the inevitable result of his [state] .

With his new mechanic , Stuart Hare , he has been working day and night for the last three weeks to get three bikes in tip-top condition .
with his new mechanic , stuart hare , he has been working day and night for the last three weeks to get three bikes in tip-top [state] .

Parents Maggie , 38 , and Chris , 40 , are now among a growing group who will be pushing the Government to investigate the link between this tragic condition and the use of pesticides .
parents maggie , 38 , and chris , 40 , are now among a growing group who will be pushing the government to investigate the link between this tragic [state] and the use of pesticides .

Mr and Mrs Bourne were told by experts their son 's condition was not genetic , and chemicals were commonly used when Mrs Bourne was pregnant .
mr and mrs bourne were told by experts their son 's [state] was not genetic , and chemicals were commonly used when mrs bourne was pregnant .

Babergh District Council also stipulated the gates should be replaced with something similar , a condition which was never met .
babergh district council also stipulated the gates should be replaced with something similar , a [state] which was never met .

However , as with all discussion of the human condition , they have to be balanced with other considerations .
however , as with all discussion of the human [state] , they have to be balanced with other considerations .

It is a necessary , but not always sufficient , condition for well-being and for the reduction of one aspect of dependency in old age .
it is a necessary , but not always sufficient , [state] for well-being and for the reduction of one aspect of dependency in old age .

The strength of functional assessment is to point out that an elder who can not dress will require the same care , irrespective of whether this condition results from a stroke , severe arthritis , an obsessional neurosis , or a low self-esteem .
the strength of functional assessment is to point out that an elder who can not dress will require the same care , irrespective of whether this [state] results from a stroke , severe arthritis , an obsessional neurosis , or a low self-esteem .

Secondly , an elder may display little verbal consciousness at the time of the assessment , but from other information available this may be identified as linked to some crisis , such as bereavement or illness , or a temporary condition such as side-effects of medication .
secondly , an elder may display little verbal consciousness at the time of the assessment , but from other information available this may be identified as linked to some crisis , such as bereavement or illness , or a temporary [state] such as side-effects of medication .

Consultant pathologist Dr John Ryan said she was more susceptible to the cold because of a condition called hypothyroidism which slows down the body 's metabolism .
consultant pathologist dr john ryan said she was more susceptible to the cold because of a [state] called hypothyroidism which slows down the body 's metabolism .

He was taken by ambulance to Addenbrooke 's Hospital , Cambridge , where his condition was described as satisfactory .
he was taken by ambulance to addenbrooke 's hospital , cambridge , where his [state] was described as satisfactory .

Leena is being treated at Addenbrooke 's Hospital , Cambridge , where her condition was described as ‘ satisfactory ’ .
leena is being treated at addenbrooke 's hospital , cambridge , where her [state] was described as ‘ satisfactory ’ .

It is understood Raynsford suffered a fractured skull and yesterday his condition in hospital was described as ‘ comfortable ’ .
it is understood raynsford suffered a fractured skull and yesterday his [state] in hospital was described as ‘ comfortable ’ .

The hearing , expected to last a full day , was originally scheduled for the end of the month but had to be brought forward because of Mr McTear 's worsening condition .
the hearing , expected to last a full day , was originally scheduled for the end of the month but had to be brought forward because of mr mctear 's worsening [state] .

Notwithstanding this statement the pagan Anglo-Saxon cemeteries are claimed to inform about ‘ wealth and … social condition ’ ( ibid .
notwithstanding this statement the pagan anglo-saxon cemeteries are claimed to inform about ‘ wealth and … social [state] ’ ( ibid .

Alongside such apparent contradictions the very condition of society is claimed to leave much to be desired as life was full of danger and trouble ( Page 1970 ) : ‘ life was cheap and illness , plague and famine were never far from the surface ’ ( Wilson 1976a , p. 13 ) ; weapons in graves point to the ‘ ever-present threat of death by violence ’ ( ibid .
alongside such apparent contradictions the very [state] of society is claimed to leave much to be desired as life was full of danger and trouble ( page 1970 ) : ‘ life was cheap and illness , plague and famine were never far from the surface ’ ( wilson 1976a , p. 13 ) ; weapons in graves point to the ‘ ever-present threat of death by violence ’ ( ibid .

— If you have a condition that requires medical treatment , consult your doctor .
— if you have a [state] that requires medical treatment , consult your doctor .

So it follows that reducing the number of House Dust Mites in your home could improve the condition of sufferers in your family when sensitivity is a likely problem .
so it follows that reducing the number of house dust mites in your home could improve the [state] of sufferers in your family when sensitivity is a likely problem .

House Dust Mites are a major factor in Asthma , a condition which affects over 2 million people in Britain and over 10% of children .
house dust mites are a major factor in asthma , a [state] which affects over 2 million people in britain and over 10% of children .

If you or a member of your family suffers from this common and increasing condition you may wish to find out more about the help and support offered by : The National Asthma Campaign
if you or a member of your family suffers from this common and increasing [state] you may wish to find out more about the help and support offered by : the national asthma campaign

It is not itself a specific condition with a simple ‘ guaranteed ’ treatment ; because it may have many causes , which can be quite difficult to pinpoint .
it is not itself a specific [state] with a simple ‘ guaranteed ’ treatment ; because it may have many causes , which can be quite difficult to pinpoint .

Women who suffer from this condition notice that after sex , they often get unpleasant symptoms of pain and ‘ burning ’ when urinating ( passing water ) .
women who suffer from this [state] notice that after sex , they often get unpleasant symptoms of pain and ‘ burning ’ when urinating ( passing water ) .

What condition are your hands in ?
what [state] are your hands in ?

No matter what your skin 's present condition , Time Zone 's newly discovered emulsion system helps reprogramme your skin to better retain moisture like young skin .
no matter what your skin 's present [state] , time zone 's newly discovered emulsion system helps reprogramme your skin to better retain moisture like young skin .

Each product , including the cleanser , contains a rich blend of moisturisers to improve the condition and texture of your skin .
each product , including the cleanser , contains a rich blend of moisturisers to improve the [state] and texture of your skin .

The range is vast but the aim is simple : to lock in condition and keep your hair in peak health .
the range is vast but the aim is simple : to lock in [state] and keep your hair in peak health .

Treatments formulated to maintain your hair 's vital protein/moisture balance , giving condition and control .
treatments formulated to maintain your hair 's vital protein/moisture balance , giving [state] and control .

All are specially vacuum sealed , will keep anywhere in perfect condition without freezing or artificial preservatives , and are ready in just 3 minutes .
all are specially vacuum sealed , will keep anywhere in perfect [state] without freezing or artificial preservatives , and are ready in just 3 minutes .

Whatever your skin type , Pond 's Creams will help maintain it in peak condition .
whatever your skin type , pond 's creams will help maintain it in peak [state] .

Since 1892 , we at Bob Martin have been developing , improving , refining and perfecting our Flea Treatments , Wormers and Condition Tablets to make them the best you can get your paws on .
since 1892 , we at bob martin have been developing , improving , refining and perfecting our flea treatments , wormers and [state] tablets to make them the best you can get your paws on .

The Perpetual movement intensely tested and proved under every possible condition throughout the world is indeed worthy of the title Swiss Chronometer , a title much coveted and jealously guarded , awarded by The Controle Official Suisse de Chronometres , only after exhaustive and rigorous tests have been completed .
the perpetual movement intensely tested and proved under every possible [state] throughout the world is indeed worthy of the title swiss chronometer , a title much coveted and jealously guarded , awarded by the controle official suisse de chronometres , only after exhaustive and rigorous tests have been completed .

Even in her hopelessly weakened condition , Maldita had lashed out when Perdita tried to put a rug on her .
even in her hopelessly weakened [state] , maldita had lashed out when perdita tried to put a rug on her .

This day shall gentle his condition . ’
this day shall gentle his [state] . ’

The condition of the new ‘ working classes ’ gave more and more cause for anxiety after the turn of the century .
the [state] of the new ‘ working classes ’ gave more and more cause for anxiety after the turn of the century .

And Bretons and Basques tell us that being French is not a unitary condition , but rather a state of dynamic equilibrium between unity and diversity .
and bretons and basques tell us that being french is not a unitary [state] , but rather a state of dynamic equilibrium between unity and diversity .

You will have noticed the recurrent use of the word ‘ slowly ’ by now — this is the whole secret of your early departures from the static hover condition .
you will have noticed the recurrent use of the word ‘ slowly ’ by now — this is the whole secret of your early departures from the static hover [state] .

While this condition will exist anyway as soon as the clutch has disengaged , there are good reasons for allowing the rotor to rotate freely .
while this [state] will exist anyway as soon as the clutch has disengaged , there are good reasons for allowing the rotor to rotate freely .

Are you still finding yourself in a condition where the model is sitting quite happily in the hover some distance away , but you are reluctant to apply some control input for fear of doing the wrong thing ?
are you still finding yourself in a [state] where the model is sitting quite happily in the hover some distance away , but you are reluctant to apply some control input for fear of doing the wrong thing ?

Her brown stomach showed stretch-marks but her body was in good condition , small-boned but compact and muscular .
her brown stomach showed stretch-marks but her body was in good [state] , small-boned but compact and muscular .

The condition of positive weighting factors is no real restriction , for the assumption that the objectives are desirable means that only positive weights make sense .
the [state] of positive weighting factors is no real restriction , for the assumption that the objectives are desirable means that only positive weights make sense .

He may use tools of analysis developed within a wider European tradition , but he applies them to a special problem : the uniqueness of our nation 's formation ; the condition of England .
he may use tools of analysis developed within a wider european tradition , but he applies them to a special problem : the uniqueness of our nation 's formation ; the [state] of england .

‘ But unfortunately this condition affects a generation of men who are not well-informed about their bodies .
‘ but unfortunately this [state] affects a generation of men who are not well-informed about their bodies .

Not every clinical condition will be managed efficiently in the district general hospitals which are supposed to take over from us .
not every clinical [state] will be managed efficiently in the district general hospitals which are supposed to take over from us .

There is an interesting article in this month 's Professional Nurse on surgical intervention to deal with a skin condition called hidradenitis suppurative .
there is an interesting article in this month 's professional nurse on surgical intervention to deal with a skin [state] called hidradenitis suppurative .

Women with bulimia may have begun to develop the condition as a method of coping with earlier traumatic events .
women with bulimia may have begun to develop the [state] as a method of coping with earlier traumatic events .

Bulimia can become a chronic condition , so it is important that CPNs feel able to help those affected to find constructive alternatives .
bulimia can become a chronic [state] , so it is important that cpns feel able to help those affected to find constructive alternatives .

His condition deteriorated over the next week until he required ventilation .
his [state] deteriorated over the next week until he required ventilation .

The condition can occur at any age .
the [state] can occur at any age .

Some underlying problem causes the skin to break down and fail to heal ; the leg ulcer is the end stage of a chronic progressive condition .
some underlying problem causes the skin to break down and fail to heal ; the leg ulcer is the end stage of a chronic progressive [state] .

The specialty varies according to the patient 's underlying condition .
the specialty varies according to the patient 's underlying [state] .

This duo looks set to spend the summer fighting understeer , that invigorating condition which ensures your racing car heads straight on when you are attempting a corner .
this duo looks set to spend the summer fighting understeer , that invigorating [state] which ensures your racing car heads straight on when you are attempting a corner .

Seth suggests that ‘ Mental images , accompanied by strong emotion , are blueprints … upon which a corresponding physical object , or condition or event , will in your terms appear .
seth suggests that ‘ mental images , accompanied by strong emotion , are blueprints … upon which a corresponding physical object , or [state] or event , will in your terms appear .

As a result , she eventually developed an annoying arthritis-like condition .
as a result , she eventually developed an annoying arthritis-like [state] .

Next , it must notify the concerned states of what it has done — another condition that Libya has fulfilled .
next , it must notify the concerned states of what it has done — another [state] that libya has fulfilled .

Banks ' concerns are dark , and no less profound for being seen through the glass of adolescence — for that is the much underrated emotional and cultural condition in which Scotland still finds itself .
banks ' concerns are dark , and no less profound for being seen through the glass of adolescence — for that is the much underrated emotional and cultural [state] in which scotland still finds itself .

We asked you for a letter written by a father to his son admitting that he has some embarrassing or socially undesirable condition .
we asked you for a letter written by a father to his son admitting that he has some embarrassing or socially undesirable [state] .

Two people sent in letters from the father to the son informing the son that he ( the son ) has an embarrassing condition .
two people sent in letters from the father to the son informing the son that he ( the son ) has an embarrassing [state] .

Unfortunately , only those who chose the father 's condition won , including Basil Ransome-Davies .
unfortunately , only those who chose the father 's [state] won , including basil ransome-davies .

The consultant has explained that Tourette 's Syndrome is a rare and unfortunate condition , and he should fucking well know about those , he 's right off the Christmas tree , probably spent half his life sucking strange men 's cocks or taking it up the arsehole in a public loo in the Charing Cross Road .
the consultant has explained that tourette 's syndrome is a rare and unfortunate [state] , and he should fucking well know about those , he 's right off the christmas tree , probably spent half his life sucking strange men 's cocks or taking it up the arsehole in a public loo in the charing cross road .

Given the extreme economic crisis , the end of which is not yet in sight , it is left-wing socialist parties in particular which may become very strong in the future , on condition , of course , that Russia continues to respect democratic freedoms and the rights of the individual .
given the extreme economic crisis , the end of which is not yet in sight , it is left-wing socialist parties in particular which may become very strong in the future , on [state] , of course , that russia continues to respect democratic freedoms and the rights of the individual .

His health had already suffered considerably since the removal of his children , and his condition had deteriorated .
his health had already suffered considerably since the removal of his children , and his [state] had deteriorated .

First lighting condition is total black-out , geared to show off the lightning flashes of the opening act ‘ storm ’ .
first lighting [state] is total black-out , geared to show off the lightning flashes of the opening act ‘ storm ’ .

The whole point is in fact that ruddy man at the tax office 's claws have been drawn , and the condition of his back is now between him and members of the chiropractic profession .
the whole point is in fact that ruddy man at the tax office 's claws have been drawn , and the [state] of his back is now between him and members of the chiropractic profession .

It is possible that this physical activity , combined with his medical condition , may have brought about some degree of incapacitation in flight prior to impact .
it is possible that this physical activity , combined with his medical [state] , may have brought about some degree of incapacitation in flight prior to impact .

Most of the main roads are in good condition , but driving can be very tiring as there are many bends , and most of the roads are built onto the mountainside with deep ravines dropping away below , and you never quite know what 's around the corner — be it a bus straddling the centre of the road to take a corner or a group of children playing football in the road .
most of the main roads are in good [state] , but driving can be very tiring as there are many bends , and most of the roads are built onto the mountainside with deep ravines dropping away below , and you never quite know what 's around the corner — be it a bus straddling the centre of the road to take a corner or a group of children playing football in the road .

The King of Portugal offered to raise him to the title of Count Torre Bella on condition he took Portuguese nationality .
the king of portugal offered to raise him to the title of count torre bella on [state] he took portuguese nationality .

Completely restored in the 1970s , it is in very good condition and there are also , in the building , a coffee shop , library and art gallery .
completely restored in the 1970s , it is in very good [state] and there are also , in the building , a coffee shop , library and art gallery .

The Portuguese verb janelar ( ‘ to window ’ ) precisely reflects this condition of the woman separated from social life , which she knew only from her window .
the portuguese verb janelar ( ‘ to window ’ ) precisely reflects this [state] of the woman separated from social life , which she knew only from her window .

Replacing ‘ bourgeois ’ relationships with new revolutionary patterns of consciousness meant virtually every aspect of existing life — sexual orientation and partners , domestic arrangements , employment — could be challenged at the whim of a therapist , with accommodation a condition of remaining in therapy .
replacing ‘ bourgeois ’ relationships with new revolutionary patterns of consciousness meant virtually every aspect of existing life — sexual orientation and partners , domestic arrangements , employment — could be challenged at the whim of a therapist , with accommodation a [state] of remaining in therapy .

She first noted what she calls a ‘ plague mentality ’ enveloping discussion of Aids in 1984 , and conceived the Masque of the Red Death trilogy of albums ( completed in 1988 ) and the Plague Mass as a dramatic revenge on the inaction or malice of those in government and the church — or among the ‘ decent people ’ who were propagating the idea that a biomedical condition was a moral verdict .
she first noted what she calls a ‘ plague mentality ’ enveloping discussion of aids in 1984 , and conceived the masque of the red death trilogy of albums ( completed in 1988 ) and the plague mass as a dramatic revenge on the inaction or malice of those in government and the church — or among the ‘ decent people ’ who were propagating the idea that a biomedical [state] was a moral verdict .

Northumberland has , of course , great beauties , but foul and interminable rain endured there on the Tuesday and in Chester-le-Street , with a lesser downpour in Darlington the next day , have reduced me to the shuddering , feverish condition in which this is being written at the Wheatsheaf , Sandbach .
northumberland has , of course , great beauties , but foul and interminable rain endured there on the tuesday and in chester-le-street , with a lesser downpour in darlington the next day , have reduced me to the shuddering , feverish [state] in which this is being written at the wheatsheaf , sandbach .

Six others were entered , but with an explanation of the person 's mental condition .
six others were entered , but with an explanation of the person 's mental [state] .

This rudimentary check is for a static condition ; it has no consideration for the disposition of the surface area of the sail , or the lifting component of any separated sails , as in a Box kite or Roller .
this rudimentary check is for a static [state] ; it has no consideration for the disposition of the surface area of the sail , or the lifting component of any separated sails , as in a box kite or roller .

1982 Teddy Pendergrass in a critical condition in hospital after crashing his Rolls Royce into a tree .
1982 teddy pendergrass in a critical [state] in hospital after crashing his rolls royce into a tree .

This is a condition which should be avoided by all self-preservation enthusiasts .
this is a [state] which should be avoided by all self-preservation enthusiasts .

The crucial step on which catallaxy depends is the use of barter or exchange , the major condition necessary for which is laws relating to property .
the crucial step on which catallaxy depends is the use of barter or exchange , the major [state] necessary for which is laws relating to property .

This is seen as the great strength of the market order and an important condition for freedom : there is agreement on means but not ends , which makes it possible for society to reconcile the differing purposes of individuals within a catallaxy which is purely economic .
this is seen as the great strength of the market order and an important [state] for freedom : there is agreement on means but not ends , which makes it possible for society to reconcile the differing purposes of individuals within a catallaxy which is purely economic .

And in terms of its practical record he says , ‘ Whatever our misgivings , it is difficult not to feel a sense of admiration and gratitude for a movement that , in less than a century , through its direct action in some areas and through indirect influence in labour movements and other social forces in others , has raised to a human condition the life of at least half of the human race .
and in terms of its practical record he says , ‘ whatever our misgivings , it is difficult not to feel a sense of admiration and gratitude for a movement that , in less than a century , through its direct action in some areas and through indirect influence in labour movements and other social forces in others , has raised to a human [state] the life of at least half of the human race .

Implicit in this historical materialism is a view of man and an explanation of the human condition .
implicit in this historical materialism is a view of man and an explanation of the human [state] .

They were not instructed to do so by the apostles and their doing it was not a condition of membership of the church community .
they were not instructed to do so by the apostles and their doing it was not a [state] of membership of the church community .

Parties and subcontracting ( Condition 2 )
parties and subcontracting ( [state] 2 )

Dangerous goods ( Condition 3 )
dangerous goods ( [state] 3 )

Loading and unloading ( Condition 4 )
loading and unloading ( [state] 4 )

Condition 4 makes it clear that in usual circumstances the carrier will not provide additional facilities such as mechanical loading and unloading devices ; these facilities are the customer 's responsibility .
[state] 4 makes it clear that in usual circumstances the carrier will not provide additional facilities such as mechanical loading and unloading devices ; these facilities are the customer 's responsibility .

Consignment notes ( Condition 5 )
consignment notes ( [state] 5 )

This condition provides that a consignment note can act as a receipt but under contract law should not be taken as ‘ evidence of the condition or of the correctness of the declared nature , quantity , or weight of the Consignment at the time it is received by the Carrier ’ .
this [state] provides that a consignment note can act as a receipt but under contract law should not be taken as ‘ evidence of the [state] or of the correctness of the declared nature , quantity , or weight of the consignment at the time it is received by the carrier ’ .

It has to be remembered that in the case of a unitized load , whether palletized or containerized , the driver can not be expected to pontificate upon the true nature , condition or quality of the goods being carried .
it has to be remembered that in the case of a unitized load , whether palletized or containerized , the driver can not be expected to pontificate upon the true nature , [state] or quality of the goods being carried .

Transit ( Condition 6 )
transit ( [state] 6 )

Undelivered or unclaimed goods ( Condition 7 )
undelivered or unclaimed goods ( [state] 7 )

If the sale is not carried out properly , that is in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7 , the carrier will be liable for any loss or damage arising .
if the sale is not carried out properly , that is in accordance with the provisions of [state] 7 , the carrier will be liable for any loss or damage arising .

Carrier 's charges ( Condition 8 )
carrier 's charges ( [state] 8 )

The important subject of carrier 's charges is covered by Condition 8 which provides :
the important subject of carrier 's charges is covered by [state] 8 which provides :

Liability for loss and damage ( Condition 9 )
liability for loss and damage ( [state] 9 )

The Trader shall be deemed to have elected to accept the terms set out in ( 2 ) of this Condition unless , before the transit commences , the Trader has agreed in writing that the Carrier shall not be liable for any loss or misdelivery of or damage to goods however or whenever caused and whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the Carrier .
the trader shall be deemed to have elected to accept the terms set out in ( 2 ) of this [state] unless , before the transit commences , the trader has agreed in writing that the carrier shall not be liable for any loss or misdelivery of or damage to goods however or whenever caused and whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the carrier .

The Carrier shall not in any circumstances be liable for loss of or damage to goods after transit of such goods is deemed to have ended within the meaning of Condition 6(2) hereof , whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the Carrier .
the carrier shall not in any circumstances be liable for loss of or damage to goods after transit of such goods is deemed to have ended within the meaning of [state] 6(2) hereof , whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the carrier .

The object of Condition 9 , encouraged by the Office of Fair Trading , is to allow the trader to make his own insurance arrangements to cover the risks of loss and damage to goods .
the object of [state] 9 , encouraged by the office of fair trading , is to allow the trader to make his own insurance arrangements to cover the risks of loss and damage to goods .

Fraud ( Condition 10 )
fraud ( [state] 10 )

Limitation of Liability ( Condition 11 )
limitation of liability ( [state] 11 )

where loss , misdelivery or damage , however sustained , is in respect of the whole of the Consignment , to a sum calculated at the rate of £800 per tonne on either the gross weight of the Consignment or , where applicable , the tonnage computed in accordance with Condition 8(2) ( a ) or ( b ) hereof :
where loss , misdelivery or damage , however sustained , is in respect of the whole of the consignment , to a sum calculated at the rate of £800 per tonne on either the gross weight of the consignment or , where applicable , the tonnage computed in accordance with [state] 8(2) ( a ) or ( b ) hereof :

where loss , misdelivery or damage , however sustained , is in respect of part of the Consignment , to the proportion of the sum ascertained in accordance with ( 1 ) ( a ) of this Condition which the actual value of that part of the Consignment bears to the actual value of the whole of the Consignment .
where loss , misdelivery or damage , however sustained , is in respect of part of the consignment , to the proportion of the sum ascertained in accordance with ( 1 ) ( a ) of this [state] which the actual value of that part of the consignment bears to the actual value of the whole of the consignment .

nothing in this Condition shall limit the liability of the Carrier to less than the sum of £10 ;
nothing in this [state] shall limit the liability of the carrier to less than the sum of £10 ;

Notwithstanding condition 11(1) , the liability of the Carrier in respect of the indirect or consequential loss or damage , however arising and including loss of market , shall not exceed the amount of the carriage charges in respect of the Consignment or the amount of the claimant 's proved loss , whichever is the smaller , unless :
notwithstanding [state] 11(1) , the liability of the carrier in respect of the indirect or consequential loss or damage , however arising and including loss of market , shall not exceed the amount of the carriage charges in respect of the consignment or the amount of the claimant 's proved loss , whichever is the smaller , unless :

As Condition 11(2) extends the liability of the carrier to indirect or consequential loss or damage , including loss of market , suitable goods in transit cover should be taken out to cover this area of risk .
as [state] 11(2) extends the liability of the carrier to indirect or consequential loss or damage , including loss of market , suitable goods in transit cover should be taken out to cover this area of risk .

Indemnity to the carrier ( Condition 12 )
indemnity to the carrier ( [state] 12 )

all consequences suffered by the Carrier ( including but not limited to claims , demands , proceedings , fines , penalties , damages , costs , expenses , and loss of or damage to the carrying vehicle and to other goods carried ) of any error , omission , mis-statement or misrepresentation by the Trader or other owner of the goods or by any servant or agent of either of them , insufficient or improper packing , labelling or addressing of the goods or fraud as in Condition 10 :
all consequences suffered by the carrier ( including but not limited to claims , demands , proceedings , fines , penalties , damages , costs , expenses , and loss of or damage to the carrying vehicle and to other goods carried ) of any error , omission , mis-statement or misrepresentation by the trader or other owner of the goods or by any servant or agent of either of them , insufficient or improper packing , labelling or addressing of the goods or fraud as in [state] 10 :

Accordingly , Condition 12 requires the trader to indemnify the carrier in this regard .
accordingly , [state] 12 requires the trader to indemnify the carrier in this regard .

Time limits for claims ( Condition 13 )
time limits for claims ( [state] 13 )

Condition 13 makes it clear that a claim brought against the carrier by the customer is subject to strict time limits ; in the case of loss from or damage to a package , the customer must advise the carrier of his claim in writing within three days and the claim must be made within seven days .
[state] 13 makes it clear that a claim brought against the carrier by the customer is subject to strict time limits ; in the case of loss from or damage to a package , the customer must advise the carrier of his claim in writing within three days and the claim must be made within seven days .

General lien ( Condition 14 )
general lien ( [state] 14 )

Unreasonable detention ( Condition 15 )
unreasonable detention ( [state] 15 )

This condition is self-explanatory .
this [state] is self-explanatory .

Computation of time ( Condition 16 )
computation of time ( [state] 16 )

Impossibility of performance ( Condition 17 )
impossibility of performance ( [state] 17 )

In the current political climate , an official strike would count under Condition 17 but not an unofficial one .
in the current political climate , an official strike would count under [state] 17 but not an unofficial one .

If a major term of the agreement , going to the heart of the contract , is breached , this term , called a condition , allows a plaintiff to repudiate the contract .
if a major term of the agreement , going to the heart of the contract , is breached , this term , called a [state] , allows a plaintiff to repudiate the contract .

This is a standard condition of the Road Haulage Association insurance cover .
this is a standard [state] of the road haulage association insurance cover .

He was lodged , at some expense , in a progressive asylum where he would be looked after by skilled doctors , but his condition did not improve .
he was lodged , at some expense , in a progressive asylum where he would be looked after by skilled doctors , but his [state] did not improve .

At first it was hoped that he would recover ; but as the months wore on , it became evident that the condition was lasting .
at first it was hoped that he would recover ; but as the months wore on , it became evident that the [state] was lasting .

In fact , he saw him ; Willie Hamilton persuaded him to come to church , and Paul , who had no belief , agreed on condition that they go to Savill 's Old , where Dr Heatherton sustained the charge , as they expressed it here .
in fact , he saw him ; willie hamilton persuaded him to come to church , and paul , who had no belief , agreed on [state] that they go to savill 's old , where dr heatherton sustained the charge , as they expressed it here .

That happened in a condition Miss Dinah could n't possibly have , but Mr Paul —
that happened in a [state] miss dinah could n't possibly have , but mr paul —

The silk was of the first order , better than one could obtain nowadays , and had kept in good condition over the years .
the silk was of the first order , better than one could obtain nowadays , and had kept in good [state] over the years .

Remember though — condition is the key to any stunning style creation .
remember though — [state] is the key to any stunning style creation .

Maintaining beautiful hair means finding a range of caring products and sticking with them Interactive ingredients in products from shampoos through to mousses and sprays are formulated to complement each other , leaving your hair in maximum condition .
maintaining beautiful hair means finding a range of caring products and sticking with them interactive ingredients in products from shampoos through to mousses and sprays are formulated to complement each other , leaving your hair in maximum [state] .

Maximum condition achieved with the Bain de Terre Spa Therapy range — from salons only
maximum [state] achieved with the bain de terre spa therapy range — from salons only

Rich , red colourant enhances the condition and cut of this style . By Geno Ventti
rich , red colourant enhances the [state] and cut of this style . by geno ventti

Condition is essential for this season 's set styles .
[state] is essential for this season 's set styles .

Buddhists , indeed , have insisted that there is nothing supernatural about such enlightenment : the visions , ecstasies and other alternative states of consciousness experienced by an adept are not a meeting with an alien , divine reality but are natural to the human condition , even though most people have not developed this spiritual potential within themselves .
buddhists , indeed , have insisted that there is nothing supernatural about such enlightenment : the visions , ecstasies and other alternative states of consciousness experienced by an adept are not a meeting with an alien , divine reality but are natural to the human [state] , even though most people have not developed this spiritual potential within themselves .

It is perhaps not inappropriate to compare them to the astronauts in our own day : they had broken into an uncharted region , blazed a new trail to God and to the depths of the self and had returned to earth like the heroes of antiquity , bringing news of a hitherto unimaginable realm which gave an entirely new perspective on the human condition .
it is perhaps not inappropriate to compare them to the astronauts in our own day : they had broken into an uncharted region , blazed a new trail to god and to the depths of the self and had returned to earth like the heroes of antiquity , bringing news of a hitherto unimaginable realm which gave an entirely new perspective on the human [state] .

They took the Jewish scriptures as their starting point but evolved a unique and inspiring spirituality that spoke to their own condition .
they took the jewish scriptures as their starting point but evolved a unique and inspiring spirituality that spoke to their own [state] .

Both Greeks and Latins had transformed the original Christian message to meet their own condition and both needed to develop a contemplative tradition within this active faith when the time was right .
both greeks and latins had transformed the original christian message to meet their own [state] and both needed to develop a contemplative tradition within this active faith when the time was right .

‘ In fact , a peculiarity about this condition is that it seldom if ever occurs in a woman who 's had a baby .
‘ in fact , a peculiarity about this [state] is that it seldom if ever occurs in a woman who 's had a baby .

It was almost as if a necessary condition of being in this paradise was the commission of some frightful sin or crime that must result in expulsion from it .
it was almost as if a necessary [state] of being in this paradise was the commission of some frightful sin or crime that must result in expulsion from it .

Throughout my life my tummy has been , as it were , my Achilles heel ; and around this same time the condition of my colon , which for the latter part of my life has had a habit of tying itself in knots , became particularly acute .
throughout my life my tummy has been , as it were , my achilles heel ; and around this same time the [state] of my colon , which for the latter part of my life has had a habit of tying itself in knots , became particularly acute .

Two days later the boy 's condition slowly began to stabilise , but the activity around him had increased measurably .
two days later the boy 's [state] slowly began to stabilise , but the activity around him had increased measurably .

‘ We must keep in condition .
‘ we must keep in [state] .

In condition ?
in [state] ?

In condition for what ?
in [state] for what ?

In condition for what ?
in [state] for what ?

Finally , the corpse was tightly wrapped in cerecloth , a waxed linen , and the seams further sealed with beeswax so as to establish a near airtight condition .
finally , the corpse was tightly wrapped in cerecloth , a waxed linen , and the seams further sealed with beeswax so as to establish a near airtight [state] .

They let it lye three or four days in this Condition ; which Time they allowe , as well to give the dead Person an Opportunity of Coming to Life again , if his Soul has not quite left his Body , as to prepare Mourning , and the Ceremonies of the Funerall .
they let it lye three or four days in this [state] ; which time they allowe , as well to give the dead person an opportunity of coming to life again , if his soul has not quite left his body , as to prepare mourning , and the ceremonies of the funerall .

It hangs around in the system as toxic waste , a condition whose detrimental effect on our health is accepted but not yet fully explored .
it hangs around in the system as toxic waste , a [state] whose detrimental effect on our health is accepted but not yet fully explored .

If you are in any doubt as the whether you should be attempting these exercises , consult your doctor — particularly if you suffer from a heart condition , a serious weight problem , varicose veins or an asthmatic illness .
if you are in any doubt as the whether you should be attempting these exercises , consult your doctor — particularly if you suffer from a heart [state] , a serious weight problem , varicose veins or an asthmatic illness .

So a poor diet can eventually have an effect on your hair condition .
so a poor diet can eventually have an effect on your hair [state] .

So haircare has to be a continuous process in order for your hair to look in peak condition .
so haircare has to be a continuous process in order for your hair to look in peak [state] .

Some women , too , have the condition although there are no other signs of masculinity .
some women , too , have the [state] although there are no other signs of masculinity .

Two-thirds may relapse within six months but there is still a good chance that the condition will clear up ultimately .
two-thirds may relapse within six months but there is still a good chance that the [state] will clear up ultimately .

One of them would undoubtedly be Hunt 's physical condition .
one of them would undoubtedly be hunt 's physical [state] .

Hunt is a big man and a strong one , and while at his peak , he stayed in remarkable physical condition for someone who put so great a strain on himself .
hunt is a big man and a strong one , and while at his peak , he stayed in remarkable physical [state] for someone who put so great a strain on himself .

But men are not in the hands of blind fate , for karma speaks not only of the actions and thoughts of the past as explaining a man 's present condition or character , but also as creative of the future .
but men are not in the hands of blind fate , for karma speaks not only of the actions and thoughts of the past as explaining a man 's present [state] or character , but also as creative of the future .

It is the Company 's policy to maintain properties comprising its licensed estate in such condition that their value to the business of the estate as a whole is not affected by the passage of time .
it is the company 's policy to maintain properties comprising its licensed estate in such [state] that their value to the business of the estate as a whole is not affected by the passage of time .

Lucky Rob had all criminal charges dropped , but only on the condition that he put in two years ' community service , visiting schools to lecture on the dangers of drugs , talking to juvenile delinquents and visiting prisons in his home town of Drayton , Ohio .
lucky rob had all criminal charges dropped , but only on the [state] that he put in two years ' community service , visiting schools to lecture on the dangers of drugs , talking to juvenile delinquents and visiting prisons in his home town of drayton , ohio .

In her heart of hearts Celia knew that she had n't really come to terms with her condition at all , but she could n't say so point-blank to Alison .
in her heart of hearts celia knew that she had n't really come to terms with her [state] at all , but she could n't say so point-blank to alison .

Celia felt that he speculated privately about her condition every time he saw her , noting , with his countryman 's eye , her increasing girth , maybe even reporting progress in the local of an evening .
celia felt that he speculated privately about her [state] every time he saw her , noting , with his countryman 's eye , her increasing girth , maybe even reporting progress in the local of an evening .

This justifiable attitude was not exactly vindicated by their young local doctor who , having been rejected by the army and brimming with psychological theories , explained to Harriet , dogmatically and at length , that Liza was unable to help her condition — no one in those days referred to post-natal depression — and every allowance must be made because of the tragic death of her husband .
this justifiable attitude was not exactly vindicated by their young local doctor who , having been rejected by the army and brimming with psychological theories , explained to harriet , dogmatically and at length , that liza was unable to help her [state] — no one in those days referred to post-natal depression — and every allowance must be made because of the tragic death of her husband .

Yes , her condition had greatly deteriorated since the child 's near-fatal accident .
yes , her [state] had greatly deteriorated since the child 's near-fatal accident .

Natural products are in demand , as are shine and condition ’ .
natural products are in demand , as are shine and [state] ’ .

The emphasis this year will be on colour ; condition and a healthy sheen rather than one particular style of look ’ .
the emphasis this year will be on colour ; [state] and a healthy sheen rather than one particular style of look ’ .

Hair is in excellent condition and these corkscrew curls really shine ! By Charlie Miller
hair is in excellent [state] and these corkscrew curls really shine ! by charlie miller

Clynol hair care products have been used to achieve superb condition of this shoulder-length bob
clynol hair care products have been used to achieve superb [state] of this shoulder-length bob

’ message , and if the condition continues for longer than a second it 'll save the disk .
’ message , and if the [state] continues for longer than a second it 'll save the disk .

It must work properly , and if you bought it as new , it has to look new and be in good condition .
it must work properly , and if you bought it as new , it has to look new and be in good [state] .

Though the proportion of such people on the Sussex Downs and coastal plain looks small by comparison , in fact it varied greatly from one administrative division to another , reaching almost three-fifths in the Liberty of the archbishop of Canterbury where , as on many ecclesiastical estates , the condition of the people tended to backward-ness , with villeinage lingering on .
though the proportion of such people on the sussex downs and coastal plain looks small by comparison , in fact it varied greatly from one administrative division to another , reaching almost three-fifths in the liberty of the archbishop of canterbury where , as on many ecclesiastical estates , the [state] of the people tended to backward-ness , with villeinage lingering on .

The condition of many villages points to depopulation , but , although Sezincote had been enclosed as early as 1486 , the region as a whole was ‘ remarkably free ’ of depopulating enclosure .
the [state] of many villages points to depopulation , but , although sezincote had been enclosed as early as 1486 , the region as a whole was ‘ remarkably free ’ of depopulating enclosure .

The condition of the people of Hartfield , Hawksborough and Shoyswell hundreds differed from that of the rest of the region only in so far as the usual string of £1 assessments was balanced in each of them by one of the very few three-figure ones ( see Table 2.17 ) .
the [state] of the people of hartfield , hawksborough and shoyswell hundreds differed from that of the rest of the region only in so far as the usual string of £1 assessments was balanced in each of them by one of the very few three-figure ones ( see table 2.17 ) .

Half the nine cantarists in Coventry had £2 or less in goods , which , although numbers generally are hardly sufficient to average , was typical of their condition .
half the nine cantarists in coventry had £2 or less in goods , which , although numbers generally are hardly sufficient to average , was typical of their [state] .

In Rutland this was a normal proportion ; elsewhere freeholders might form a clear majority , and in many a Norfolk village embrace virtually everyone above the condition of labourer .
in rutland this was a normal proportion ; elsewhere freeholders might form a clear majority , and in many a norfolk village embrace virtually everyone above the [state] of labourer .

In the history of the sciences in France , as in German critical theory , it is a matter at bottom of examining a reason , the autonomy of whose structures carries with it a history of dogmatism and despotism — a reason , consequently , which can only have an effect of emancipation on condition that it manages to liberate itself from itself . ( 54 )
in the history of the sciences in france , as in german critical theory , it is a matter at bottom of examining a reason , the autonomy of whose structures carries with it a history of dogmatism and despotism — a reason , consequently , which can only have an effect of emancipation on [state] that it manages to liberate itself from itself . ( 54 )

The history of Western Marxism amounts to a history of attempts to provide a means for transcending the condition of alienation and achieving that lost totality , not through irony or a reified homogeneous temporality , as in Lukács ' novel , but , according to his formulation of Marxism , through history and class consciousness .
the history of western marxism amounts to a history of attempts to provide a means for transcending the [state] of alienation and achieving that lost totality , not through irony or a reified homogeneous temporality , as in lukács ' novel , but , according to his formulation of marxism , through history and class consciousness .

They have taught us that man has meaning only on the condition that he view himself as meaningful .
they have taught us that man has meaning only on the [state] that he view himself as meaningful .

The second characteristic , the contemporaneity of historical time , that is , the category of the historical present , is more complex but an essential element in the whole Hegelian model of history , indeed is its condition of possibility .
the second characteristic , the contemporaneity of historical time , that is , the category of the historical present , is more complex but an essential element in the whole hegelian model of history , indeed is its [state] of possibility .

On the contrary , we have to assign to each level a peculiar time , relatively autonomous and hence relatively independent , even in its dependence , of the ‘ times ’ of the other levels … Each of these peculiar histories is punctuated with peculiar rhythms and can only be known on condition that we have defined the concept of the specificity of its historical temporality and its punctuations ( continuous development , revolutions , breaks , etc . )
on the contrary , we have to assign to each level a peculiar time , relatively autonomous and hence relatively independent , even in its dependence , of the ‘ times ’ of the other levels … each of these peculiar histories is punctuated with peculiar rhythms and can only be known on [state] that we have defined the concept of the specificity of its historical temporality and its punctuations ( continuous development , revolutions , breaks , etc . )

More radically still , Derrida works at the limits of any possible philosophy of history , arguing that it is not just that the problems of hermeneutics , specifically of interpretation and language , affect historical understanding , but that what in a broad sense he calls writing , or différance , determines history . At the very opening of Of Grammatology , for example , he sets out the thesis that writing constitutes the condition of emergence for all forms of historicity as such :
more radically still , derrida works at the limits of any possible philosophy of history , arguing that it is not just that the problems of hermeneutics , specifically of interpretation and language , affect historical understanding , but that what in a broad sense he calls writing , or différance , determines history . at the very opening of of grammatology , for example , he sets out the thesis that writing constitutes the [state] of emergence for all forms of historicity as such :

‘ Language as the origin of history ’ : on what basis does Derrida make the startling and radical claim that writing as transcendence constitutes the condition of all historicity ? In order to try to elucidate this controversial argument , we can return to the well-known remark in the essay ‘ Différance ’ :
‘ language as the origin of history ’ : on what basis does derrida make the startling and radical claim that writing as transcendence constitutes the [state] of all historicity ? in order to try to elucidate this controversial argument , we can return to the well-known remark in the essay ‘ différance ’ :

It is in this sense that Derrida argues that Husserl 's Origin of Geometry sets up ‘ the possibility of history as the possibility of language ’ whereby ‘ difference would be transcendental ’ : writing , in the general significance which Derrida gives it of a differential marking , must be the condition of any historicity .
it is in this sense that derrida argues that husserl 's origin of geometry sets up ‘ the possibility of history as the possibility of language ’ whereby ‘ difference would be transcendental ’ : writing , in the general significance which derrida gives it of a differential marking , must be the [state] of any historicity .

The Old Frog had further insisted that his son command British troops , on which point the Duke had also been forced to yield , though only on condition that reliable British officers were appointed to serve on the Young Frog 's staff .
the old frog had further insisted that his son command british troops , on which point the duke had also been forced to yield , though only on [state] that reliable british officers were appointed to serve on the young frog 's staff .

Prior would make more frequent entries in the book as to the general condition of the house and its inmates ’ .
prior would make more frequent entries in the book as to the general [state] of the house and its inmates ’ .

Until Harvey Goldsmith took over , the column in the report book in which the condition of the inmates was recorded contained only such expressions as ‘ good ’ , ‘ poor ’ and so on , but his entries were more descriptive ; imbecile , lunatic , religious mania , feeble , infirm — blind , and infirm — cripple , for example .
until harvey goldsmith took over , the column in the report book in which the [state] of the inmates was recorded contained only such expressions as ‘ good ’ , ‘ poor ’ and so on , but his entries were more descriptive ; imbecile , lunatic , religious mania , feeble , infirm — blind , and infirm — cripple , for example .

An aged woman , said Dr. Goldsmith , had been admitted in a most horrible condition of neglect .
an aged woman , said dr. goldsmith , had been admitted in a most horrible [state] of neglect .

The acting superintendent-nurse , Miss Worthington , was brought before the committee and questioned about the condition of certain bed-ridden patients , to which she replied that she was aware of only one case with a bedsore , and of two others who had already had them when they were brought in .
the acting superintendent-nurse , miss worthington , was brought before the committee and questioned about the [state] of certain bed-ridden patients , to which she replied that she was aware of only one case with a bedsore , and of two others who had already had them when they were brought in .

He had discharged one of them from the infirmary in no worse condition than when he had arrived .
he had discharged one of them from the infirmary in no worse [state] than when he had arrived .

The condition of Anne Freeman , in-patient , was ‘ much mended ’ and one of Mary Boyce 's eyes had continued to recover ; the other was much inflamed since the last report .
the [state] of anne freeman , in-patient , was ‘ much mended ’ and one of mary boyce 's eyes had continued to recover ; the other was much inflamed since the last report .

The video provided a realistic and immediate means of conveying the child 's needs to a teaching staff who had little previous knowledge of this condition , apart from sub-conscious ‘ prejudice ’ .
the video provided a realistic and immediate means of conveying the child 's needs to a teaching staff who had little previous knowledge of this [state] , apart from sub-conscious ‘ prejudice ’ .

Such unconscious simplifications may be a condition for their continuing to work productively within the traditional discipline .
such unconscious simplifications may be a [state] for their continuing to work productively within the traditional discipline .

Recent work on lesbian alcoholism has had to devote itself first to disproving deviancy models of this condition ( e.g .
recent work on lesbian alcoholism has had to devote itself first to disproving deviancy models of this [state] ( e.g .

But these approaches tend to view homosexuality as a homogeneous , all-or-nothing , and ultimately psychological condition .
but these approaches tend to view homosexuality as a homogeneous , all-or-nothing , and ultimately psychological [state] .

Although they may explain homosexuality in terms of learning , they assume a common biological basis and process for this learning , and see the condition itself as homogeneous .
although they may explain homosexuality in terms of learning , they assume a common biological basis and process for this learning , and see the [state] itself as homogeneous .

Sherfey suggests that ‘ women may possess a biologically determined , inordinately high , cyclic sexual drive ’ ( 1970 : 251 ) whose suppression is the condition for western social organization .
sherfey suggests that ‘ women may possess a biologically determined , inordinately high , cyclic sexual drive ’ ( 1970 : 251 ) whose suppression is the [state] for western social organization .

When the order arrives , unpack it carefully and check the contents against your order and the condition of the plants .
when the order arrives , unpack it carefully and check the contents against your order and the [state] of the plants .

If the order is wrong , or if the plants appear badly dried , shrivelled , broken or in similar bad condition , now is the time to say so , and not weeks later , when they are not growing well or are dead , as so many complainants do !
if the order is wrong , or if the plants appear badly dried , shrivelled , broken or in similar bad [state] , now is the time to say so , and not weeks later , when they are not growing well or are dead , as so many complainants do !

Potash shortage is often an induced condition caused by too much nitrogen reducing the potash content to an unbalanced proportion .
potash shortage is often an induced [state] caused by too much nitrogen reducing the potash content to an unbalanced proportion .

The condition can also follow heavy applications of lime and is one of the risks that have to be taken when a heavy liming is needed to neutralize severe acidity quickly when it is causing problems like canker for example .
the [state] can also follow heavy applications of lime and is one of the risks that have to be taken when a heavy liming is needed to neutralize severe acidity quickly when it is causing problems like canker for example .

In drafting the contract a planning authority condition that the future occupants do not erect fences has to be translated into a restrictive covenant .
in drafting the contract a planning authority [state] that the future occupants do not erect fences has to be translated into a restrictive covenant .

More accurately , they launched an attack on the idea that activity in the autonomic nervous system was a sufficient condition for emotional experience .
more accurately , they launched an attack on the idea that activity in the autonomic nervous system was a sufficient [state] for emotional experience .

If this does n't occur with a relatively simple system like the peripheral mechanisms controlling appetite , there must be some doubt about how often this condition is satisfied in the central nervous system .
if this does n't occur with a relatively simple system like the peripheral mechanisms controlling appetite , there must be some doubt about how often this [state] is satisfied in the central nervous system .

For most of us , some evidence of increased or decreased neural activity after the onset of some experimental condition seems sufficient evidence that something is being encoded , but as Burns and Lennie have pointed out ( Burns 1968 ; Lennie 1981 ) , the brain has no knowledge of these outside events .
for most of us , some evidence of increased or decreased neural activity after the onset of some experimental [state] seems sufficient evidence that something is being encoded , but as burns and lennie have pointed out ( burns 1968 ; lennie 1981 ) , the brain has no knowledge of these outside events .

This intuitive account would require , in an analogue of consciousness for which program-level reduction could provide a necessary condition , but no more , that there be access from a higher to a lower level of programming language in certain , yet to be specified , circumstances .
this intuitive account would require , in an analogue of consciousness for which program-level reduction could provide a necessary [state] , but no more , that there be access from a higher to a lower level of programming language in certain , yet to be specified , circumstances .

For each writer , the problem at issue is the relationship between a social class and its members . Is it true , as Marx sometimes seems to say , that in order for a group of people to constitute a class they must be conscious of their shared identity , or can they form a class on the basis of other criteria ? Thompson , the individualist , takes the view that consciousness is a condition of class identity :
for each writer , the problem at issue is the relationship between a social class and its members . is it true , as marx sometimes seems to say , that in order for a group of people to constitute a class they must be conscious of their shared identity , or can they form a class on the basis of other criteria ? thompson , the individualist , takes the view that consciousness is a [state] of class identity :

, the disparity between urban industrialisation and the medieval condition of the countryside , and the lack of unity of the ruling class .
, the disparity between urban industrialisation and the medieval [state] of the countryside , and the lack of unity of the ruling class .

He appeals to the differences between events in Russia and the other parts of Western Europe to show that while a contradiction between the forces and relations of production may be a necessary condition of a situation in which revolution is ‘ the task of the day ’ , it is clearly not sufficient to bring about a revolution proper .
he appeals to the differences between events in russia and the other parts of western europe to show that while a contradiction between the forces and relations of production may be a necessary [state] of a situation in which revolution is ‘ the task of the day ’ , it is clearly not sufficient to bring about a revolution proper .

However , the first condition is the most important in Althusser 's interpretation .
however , the first [state] is the most important in althusser 's interpretation .

‘ The superstructure is not the pure phenomenon of the structure , it is also its condition of existence .
‘ the superstructure is not the pure phenomenon of the structure , it is also its [state] of existence .

And as one of Althusser 's commentators reminds us , ‘ Not only is there no special reason to believe that the subjects constituted and distributed by these mechanisms should be constituted so as to ‘ understand ’ the mechanisms by which they are constituted but , on the contrary , it is a condition of operation of many of the mechanisms that they are not understood by the subjects they ‘ constitute ’ .
and as one of althusser 's commentators reminds us , ‘ not only is there no special reason to believe that the subjects constituted and distributed by these mechanisms should be constituted so as to ‘ understand ’ the mechanisms by which they are constituted but , on the contrary , it is a [state] of operation of many of the mechanisms that they are not understood by the subjects they ‘ constitute ’ .

Poulantzas frankly sets out to ameliorate this condition with an interpretation which will accommodate the state 's ability to curb as well as foster the interests of a ruling class while remaining true to the fundamental tenets of Marxism .
poulantzas frankly sets out to ameliorate this [state] with an interpretation which will accommodate the state 's ability to curb as well as foster the interests of a ruling class while remaining true to the fundamental tenets of marxism .

Miller , by contrast , holds that holist explanations are appropriate whenever a specific condition is met — whenever a social phenomenon would persist if the relevant properties of particular individual members of a society were different .
miller , by contrast , holds that holist explanations are appropriate whenever a specific [state] is met — whenever a social phenomenon would persist if the relevant properties of particular individual members of a society were different .

The preferential replication of genes by means of natural selection may well be a necessary condition for evolution to take place , but it is hardly a sufficient explanation for how the enormous diversity of life in space and time has come about .
the preferential replication of genes by means of natural selection may well be a necessary [state] for evolution to take place , but it is hardly a sufficient explanation for how the enormous diversity of life in space and time has come about .

The pronounced increase in latitudinal temperature zonation through the course of the Cainozoic , as the world altered progressively from its Mesozoic condition of equability , must have had the effect of creating a great number of ecological niches .
the pronounced increase in latitudinal temperature zonation through the course of the cainozoic , as the world altered progressively from its mesozoic [state] of equability , must have had the effect of creating a great number of ecological niches .

The rule would seem to need a triple condition attached to it .
the rule would seem to need a triple [state] attached to it .

Qualities such as the physical condition of the member of the opposite sex , the resources it holds and the extent to which it bears characters that have been subject to sexual selection can all affect whether or not it is chosen ( see Halliday , 1983 ) .
qualities such as the physical [state] of the member of the opposite sex , the resources it holds and the extent to which it bears characters that have been subject to sexual selection can all affect whether or not it is chosen ( see halliday , 1983 ) .

This can be applied to the case of marriage , where there will of course be usually sanctions of varying degrees against behaviours that threaten marriage , and sexual activity outside marriage may be disapproved of , but this does not imply that merely not engaging in marriage is disapproved of , nor that an unmarried condition is sanctioned .
this can be applied to the case of marriage , where there will of course be usually sanctions of varying degrees against behaviours that threaten marriage , and sexual activity outside marriage may be disapproved of , but this does not imply that merely not engaging in marriage is disapproved of , nor that an unmarried [state] is sanctioned .

What is true is that the absence of , say , its mother 's milk may affect the baby 's medical condition and , to this extent , it misses the milk ( although unable to be aware of the fact ) but not its mother .
what is true is that the absence of , say , its mother 's milk may affect the baby 's medical [state] and , to this extent , it misses the milk ( although unable to be aware of the fact ) but not its mother .

Make sure your gear is in good condition and that stove fuel is available in your chosen area — you ca n't take it with you on planes .
make sure your gear is in good [state] and that stove fuel is available in your chosen area — you ca n't take it with you on planes .

For both traumatised hair and hair in good condition , get into the habit of using a wide tooth comb with rounded tips or a good quality brush .
for both traumatised hair and hair in good [state] , get into the habit of using a wide tooth comb with rounded tips or a good quality brush .

Daniel Field 's new products for 1992 were used to get hair in peak condition , making it manageable and easier to style . Long curls look great swept up loosely for the evening
daniel field 's new products for 1992 were used to get hair in peak [state] , making it manageable and easier to style . long curls look great swept up loosely for the evening

The Revlon Flex range of shampoos and conditioners keep hair in maximum condition
the revlon flex range of shampoos and conditioners keep hair in maximum [state]

Perfect condition achieved with Leave-in Conditioner from the Alberto Pure & Clear range
perfect [state] achieved with leave-in conditioner from the alberto pure & clear range

Emphasise condition with colour — Clairol 's Loving Care Dark Warm Brown was used here
emphasise [state] with colour — clairol 's loving care dark warm brown was used here

Keep hair in tip-top condition with the Alberto range of shampoos and conditioners
keep hair in tip-top [state] with the alberto range of shampoos and conditioners

Maximise condition and curl for true styling sophistication .
maximise [state] and curl for true styling sophistication .

Sensuously soft curls in great condition from the creative team at Schumi in London .
sensuously soft curls in great [state] from the creative team at schumi in london .

Condition is relatively immaterial , as those that do not appeal to collectors are often bought by visitors who can not afford the full price of an up to date guide .
[state] is relatively immaterial , as those that do not appeal to collectors are often bought by visitors who can not afford the full price of an up to date guide .

Terry has found the general condition of the airframe to be very good ( it flew into Newark in February 1983 ) requiring ‘ the usual work ’ around the rivets .
terry has found the general [state] of the airframe to be very good ( it flew into newark in february 1983 ) requiring ‘ the usual work ’ around the rivets .

This is a very serious condition of childhood where the child fails to make sufficient weight and growth gain ( Drotar 1985 ) .
this is a very serious [state] of childhood where the child fails to make sufficient weight and growth gain ( drotar 1985 ) .

Some ill children feel so angry , depressed , or anxious about their condition that they refuse to eat .
some ill children feel so angry , depressed , or anxious about their [state] that they refuse to eat .

Possibly a traumatic separation may trigger the condition ( Kahn 1973 ) .
possibly a traumatic separation may trigger the [state] ( kahn 1973 ) .

Sometimes a urinary tract infection is associated with this condition so treatment with antibiotics can help .
sometimes a urinary tract infection is associated with this [state] so treatment with antibiotics can help .

Parental concern and attention gained from the condition .
parental concern and attention gained from the [state] .

But before any type of chimney pot is fitted , check the condition of the flue .
but before any type of chimney pot is fitted , check the [state] of the flue .

Once you are satisfied that the flue is in a usable condition , you can turn your attention to the fireplace itself .
once you are satisfied that the flue is in a usable [state] , you can turn your attention to the fireplace itself .

When opening up a fireplace , you 'll usually find that the fireback is in a poor condition , and needs replacing .
when opening up a fireplace , you 'll usually find that the fireback is in a poor [state] , and needs replacing .

Take care when removing the surround , especially if it 's very old , as it can be sold if it 's in good condition .
take care when removing the surround , especially if it 's very old , as it can be sold if it 's in good [state] .

This should allow you to spot any incipient faults before they turn into a Christmas day blackout , and will also ensure that everything is safe and in good condition .
this should allow you to spot any incipient faults before they turn into a christmas day blackout , and will also ensure that everything is safe and in good [state] .

While you are doing this , take the opportunity to inspect the condition of all flexes linking portable or free-standing appliances to the mains , and also those holding pendant ceiling lights .
while you are doing this , take the opportunity to inspect the [state] of all flexes linking portable or free-standing appliances to the mains , and also those holding pendant ceiling lights .

Use a heavy-duty solvent-based type instead if the roof surface is in very poor condition .
use a heavy-duty solvent-based type instead if the roof surface is in very poor [state] .

Christine is continuing her collection and asks us to tell all knitters in the Crewe/Stoke-on-Trent area that two wool shops near you have offered to collect full or part cones in good , clean condition .
christine is continuing her collection and asks us to tell all knitters in the crewe/stoke-on-trent area that two wool shops near you have offered to collect full or part cones in good , clean [state] .

Although this behaviour was widely condemned and probably few , if any , students took part , the nationalistic sentiments and feelings of frustration with the condition of modern China were not isolated phenomena .
although this behaviour was widely condemned and probably few , if any , students took part , the nationalistic sentiments and feelings of frustration with the [state] of modern china were not isolated phenomena .

Having decided how long the intervention is to last , ask the parents to run it for that time and then immediately return to the baseline condition .
having decided how long the intervention is to last , ask the parents to run it for that time and then immediately return to the baseline [state] .

In week 5 , the intervention was stopped and the original baseline condition repeated for one week .
in week 5 , the intervention was stopped and the original baseline [state] repeated for one week .

In the fifth week the original baseline condition ( no intervention ) was applied for two nights only because it was clear that this problem had virtually disappeared .
in the fifth week the original baseline [state] ( no intervention ) was applied for two nights only because it was clear that this problem had virtually disappeared .

Thus the crucial determiner of the therapeutic experiences to which the child will be exposed is whether or not the child is categorised as ‘ having ’ a particular condition .
thus the crucial determiner of the therapeutic experiences to which the child will be exposed is whether or not the child is categorised as ‘ having ’ a particular [state] .

If children who have already been diagnosed as suffering from some specific handicapping condition are included , the data will show the expected age delay before this group matches the performance of the normally developing children .
if children who have already been diagnosed as suffering from some specific handicapping [state] are included , the data will show the expected age delay before this group matches the performance of the normally developing children .

The most notable conditions were low down in the West , particularly in the Glencoe area , where every stream formed a mini icefall and icy crags like Beinn Udlaidh were in excellent condition .
the most notable conditions were low down in the west , particularly in the glencoe area , where every stream formed a mini icefall and icy crags like beinn udlaidh were in excellent [state] .

Shoulthwaite Ghyll remained in a very good condition for a surprisingly long period .
shoulthwaite ghyll remained in a very good [state] for a surprisingly long period .

Treat your hair the Wella Balsam way for ultimate shine and condition .
treat your hair the wella balsam way for ultimate shine and [state] .

This tousled style accentuates beautiful condition . By John Peers for Schwarzkopf
this tousled style accentuates beautiful [state] . by john peers for schwarzkopf

Maximise the condition of permed hair with Flex Body Building Shampoo and Conditioner for Permed Hair .
maximise the [state] of permed hair with flex body building shampoo and conditioner for permed hair .

It will enhance condition , too , adding shine and making hair more manageable .
it will enhance [state] , too , adding shine and making hair more manageable .

Reduce your stress levels and get yourself in tip-top condition in this month 's fabulous competition !
reduce your stress levels and get yourself in tip-top [state] in this month 's fabulous competition !

Tick the appropriate box on the coupon and , if you 're one of the lucky 25 , we 'll send you a set of Wella Lifetex formulations for your specific hair type and condition .
tick the appropriate box on the coupon and , if you 're one of the lucky 25 , we 'll send you a set of wella lifetex formulations for your specific hair type and [state] .

It will cleanse , condition and also strengthen your hair .
it will cleanse , [state] and also strengthen your hair .

Remember … whichever style you go for , your hair has got to be in beautiful condition .
remember … whichever style you go for , your hair has got to be in beautiful [state] .

‘ In 1992 , there will be a strong return to soft curly looks and wispy feminine styles so condition is all important . ’
‘ in 1992 , there will be a strong return to soft curly looks and wispy feminine styles so [state] is all important . ’

‘ An essential basis for all hair in 1992 will be an awareness of condition and texture .
‘ an essential basis for all hair in 1992 will be an awareness of [state] and texture .

Warmth and condition are important .
warmth and [state] are important .

Wella Balsam Wash & Care Plus has been developed to clean , condition and strengthen your hair — all in one easy step .
wella balsam wash & care plus has been developed to clean , [state] and strengthen your hair — all in one easy step .

Because Perm Revitaliser contain nutrients to condition and soften your perm , it can also help to fight the frizzies .
because perm revitaliser contain nutrients to [state] and soften your perm , it can also help to fight the frizzies .

Three examples of hair seen under the Redken electron microscope . Good condition , bleach-damaged and perm damaged
three examples of hair seen under the redken electron microscope . good [state] , bleach-damaged and perm damaged

Our judges were looking for a healthy shine , superb condition and fabulous movement and after much deliberation , Louisa Nicholson was chosen as overall winner .
our judges were looking for a healthy shine , superb [state] and fabulous movement and after much deliberation , louisa nicholson was chosen as overall winner .

Ultra sexy peek-a-boo style . Big curls are emphasised by beautiful condition
ultra sexy peek-a-boo style . big curls are emphasised by beautiful [state]

The Spa Therapy range from Bain de Terre was used to maximise condition — from salons only
the spa therapy range from bain de terre was used to maximise [state] — from salons only

Beautiful condition achieved with Clynol 's Corregin Active Shampoo and Conditioner , from salons only
beautiful [state] achieved with clynol 's corregin active shampoo and conditioner , from salons only

This straight bob has been kept in maximum condition with the Bain de Terre Spa Therapy range
this straight bob has been kept in maximum [state] with the bain de terre spa therapy range

Their special moisturising formula ensures great condition , too .
their special moisturising formula ensures great [state] , too .

At this underlying level , ideology functions as a condition of existence of the economy .
at this underlying level , ideology functions as a [state] of existence of the economy .

Thus the hermeneutic moment makes critical thought possible ; as long as the phenomenon of ‘ talking past one another ’ is not overcome , criticism remains imprisoned in a solipsistic self certainty , and the consequence of this condition
thus the hermeneutic moment makes critical thought possible ; as long as the phenomenon of ‘ talking past one another ’ is not overcome , criticism remains imprisoned in a solipsistic self certainty , and the consequence of this [state]

Revolutionary practice changes the condition within which reproductive practice must necessarily reproduce misleading appearances .
revolutionary practice changes the [state] within which reproductive practice must necessarily reproduce misleading appearances .

‘ Hyperplastic cell proliferation — is a condition that can affect all species of fish .
‘ hyperplastic cell proliferation — is a [state] that can affect all species of fish .

Not one of the easier fish to condition to aquarium conditions .
not one of the easier fish to [state] to aquarium conditions .

These fish are quite easy to breed if you have a pair in good condition .
these fish are quite easy to breed if you have a pair in good [state] .

The length of time you should leave the female on her own depends on her condition .
the length of time you should leave the female on her own depends on her [state] .

And always condition the tapwater first .
and always [state] the tapwater first .

And always condition the tapwater first .
and always [state] the tapwater first .

We are all too familiar with the sad spectacle of seeing overcrowded , listless goldfish , thoroughly out of condition , if not actually diseased , being offered for sale to the unsuspecting public .
we are all too familiar with the sad spectacle of seeing overcrowded , listless goldfish , thoroughly out of [state] , if not actually diseased , being offered for sale to the unsuspecting public .

Most goldfish keepers would agree that most , if not all of their problems of fish losses and loss of condition can be attributed to poor water quality .
most goldfish keepers would agree that most , if not all of their problems of fish losses and loss of [state] can be attributed to poor water quality .

High protein foods are also needed in conditioning for spawning , especially for hen fish , and after spawning to restore condition .
high protein foods are also needed in conditioning for spawning , especially for hen fish , and after spawning to restore [state] .

They are interested in the human condition .
they are interested in the human [state] .

The human condition is not , it must be said , traditionally the terrain of the model .
the human [state] is not , it must be said , traditionally the terrain of the model .

In 1968 , the Kittyhawk was purchased with the intention of returning it to flying condition .
in 1968 , the kittyhawk was purchased with the intention of returning it to flying [state] .

‘ It 's excellent , dazzling , and because of the original condition , it 's practically a stock plane .
‘ it 's excellent , dazzling , and because of the original [state] , it 's practically a stock plane .

The threat of removal elsewhere , if one 's condition gets worse , is one that hangs over the heads of vulnerable elderly people in both private and local authority residential homes in many cases .
the threat of removal elsewhere , if one 's [state] gets worse , is one that hangs over the heads of vulnerable elderly people in both private and local authority residential homes in many cases .

This Australian woman was admitted to a nursing home by her relatives because of a heart condition , but managed to keep a journal , and organise her life afresh to move out to her own flat , before writing about life on the inside .
this australian woman was admitted to a nursing home by her relatives because of a heart [state] , but managed to keep a journal , and organise her life afresh to move out to her own flat , before writing about life on the inside .

Liverpool 's Broad Green hospital has been asked not to disclose her condition .
liverpool 's broad green hospital has been asked not to disclose her [state] .

‘ Miss Hepburn is in a fair condition , ’ said hospital spokesman Ron Wise .
‘ miss hepburn is in a fair [state] , ’ said hospital spokesman ron wise .

Intensive care staff described her condition as critical last night .
intensive care staff described her [state] as critical last night .

The judge was then told by defence lawyer Rock Tansey that Wells 's mental condition would seriously deteriorate if he does not receive his medication .
the judge was then told by defence lawyer rock tansey that wells 's mental [state] would seriously deteriorate if he does not receive his medication .

Two juries had been sworn in — one to decide if Wells 's mental condition made him unfit to stand trial for murder .
two juries had been sworn in — one to decide if wells 's mental [state] made him unfit to stand trial for murder .

The policeman gave chase but one of the suspects turned and shot him twice in the back w He was rushed to Homerton Hospital where he was said to be in a serious condition early today .
the policeman gave chase but one of the suspects turned and shot him twice in the back w he was rushed to homerton hospital where he was said to be in a serious [state] early today .

Judge Sir Stephen Brown said Tony 's condition was extremely distressing .
judge sir stephen brown said tony 's [state] was extremely distressing .

Cheryl , of Firth Park , Sheffield , South Yorkshire , was born with a serious heart condition and needs the transplant to save her life .
cheryl , of firth park , sheffield , south yorkshire , was born with a serious heart [state] and needs the transplant to save her life .

Many people questioned the watchman as to his condition on the night of the incident .
many people questioned the watchman as to his [state] on the night of the incident .

Suddenly , under a pile of wood , rubble and plaster , they found an old wooden box in remarkably good condition .
suddenly , under a pile of wood , rubble and plaster , they found an old wooden box in remarkably good [state] .

They found that the track-bed was still in good condition and that the well-preserved station house was inhabited by a local shepherd .
they found that the track-bed was still in good [state] and that the well-preserved station house was inhabited by a local shepherd .

The general condition was extremely dangerous and one could expect difficulty in trying to gain any access as the stairway was so derelict .
the general [state] was extremely dangerous and one could expect difficulty in trying to gain any access as the stairway was so derelict .

Pam Fogle , the university news director , advised against a news conference until the paper was actually published in a journal , this being the usual course of events and a prior condition of several journals , in particular Nature .
pam fogle , the university news director , advised against a news conference until the paper was actually published in a journal , this being the usual course of events and a prior [state] of several journals , in particular nature .

The 33-year-old Moseley blindside flanker has not worn an England shirt since the World Cup final last November but manager Geoff Cooke explained : ‘ Mike took time off to get over injury problems but now he is in superb physical condition .
the 33-year-old moseley blindside flanker has not worn an england shirt since the world cup final last november but manager geoff cooke explained : ‘ mike took time off to get over injury problems but now he is in superb physical [state] .

‘ Obviously he does n't train as much as the other players because we want to ensure he is in good condition for matches .
‘ obviously he does n't train as much as the other players because we want to ensure he is in good [state] for matches .

Now he 's in tremendous physical condition and his upper body strength and experience are of immense value .
now he 's in tremendous physical [state] and his upper body strength and experience are of immense value .

Juventus manager Giovanni Trapattoni confirmed last night : ‘ David has not been playing at the top level recently because of a knee condition . ’
juventus manager giovanni trapattoni confirmed last night : ‘ david has not been playing at the top level recently because of a knee [state] . ’

‘ He was carrying a lot of condition , but he 'll look hungry at Kempton , ’ he added .
‘ he was carrying a lot of [state] , but he 'll look hungry at kempton , ’ he added .

American Julie Parisien , the top-ranked slalom racer , is strong in three events and seems to be in the best condition of her career .
american julie parisien , the top-ranked slalom racer , is strong in three events and seems to be in the best [state] of her career .

And they bought two of each model — one to play with and the other to save in mint condition .
and they bought two of each model — one to play with and the other to save in mint [state] .

Wrap yourself in cotton wool and you 'll find you 're in mint condition for events in late November and early December .
wrap yourself in cotton wool and you 'll find you 're in mint [state] for events in late november and early december .

In an emotional interview he spoke of his fear of the condition and his worry that he will never work again .
in an emotional interview he spoke of his fear of the [state] and his worry that he will never work again .

Amelia 's condition makes it painful for her to be touched , but she and the other incurably ill and disabled children had no trouble touching the hearts of the DisneyWorld staff who helped make their visit truly the trip of a lifetime .
amelia 's [state] makes it painful for her to be touched , but she and the other incurably ill and disabled children had no trouble touching the hearts of the disneyworld staff who helped make their visit truly the trip of a lifetime .

‘ Tests showed that she had this condition , and it has deteriorated over the years .
‘ tests showed that she had this [state] , and it has deteriorated over the years .

‘ We have a great deal of responsibility to shoulder because of the condition of some of these children . ’
‘ we have a great deal of responsibility to shoulder because of the [state] of some of these children . ’

If they have a heart condition or fits , some rides are out of bounds .
if they have a heart [state] or fits , some rides are out of bounds .

The blight of cellulite is so big that in France it is recognised as a medical condition and treated with medicines available on prescription .
the blight of cellulite is so big that in france it is recognised as a medical [state] and treated with medicines available on prescription .

‘ It was only a joke but the school secretary , who had a heart condition , thought they were for real and nearly died , ’ says Betty Weller .
‘ it was only a joke but the school secretary , who had a heart [state] , thought they were for real and nearly died , ’ says betty weller .

This should take into account a wide variety of factors , their interests and aptitudes , their feelings , their relationships with others , their strengths and weaknesses , their medical condition , their past life , the effect of significant life events , and the way they view their future prospects .
this should take into account a wide variety of factors , their interests and aptitudes , their feelings , their relationships with others , their strengths and weaknesses , their medical [state] , their past life , the effect of significant life events , and the way they view their future prospects .

The actualizing tendency suggests that even these failing individuals are at all times capable of growth and development , so it is an essentially optimistic view of the human condition , and this is particularly important when working with older people .
the actualizing tendency suggests that even these failing individuals are at all times capable of growth and development , so it is an essentially optimistic view of the human [state] , and this is particularly important when working with older people .

Such optimism about the human condition is very different from the dominant social stereotype of old age .
such optimism about the human [state] is very different from the dominant social stereotype of old age .

Often the result is that the child , and subsequently the adult , in order to avoid punishment , will suppress feelings which might in fact be quite normal and natural , and indeed necessary to the human condition .
often the result is that the child , and subsequently the adult , in order to avoid punishment , will suppress feelings which might in fact be quite normal and natural , and indeed necessary to the human [state] .

This often provides the excuse for ageism , it being simpler to assume that the problem is old age rather than a treatable condition .
this often provides the excuse for ageism , it being simpler to assume that the problem is old age rather than a treatable [state] .

When they can see no end to it they begin to assume that their condition is ongoing and immutable .
when they can see no end to it they begin to assume that their [state] is ongoing and immutable .

It is important for older people to look more positively at their physical condition and , whilst accepting the reality of it , resist feelings about the hopelessness of recovery , or the inevitability of further decline .
it is important for older people to look more positively at their physical [state] and , whilst accepting the reality of it , resist feelings about the hopelessness of recovery , or the inevitability of further decline .

Is the doctor treating the condition rather than the symptoms ?
is the doctor treating the [state] rather than the symptoms ?

Whatever the setting , the counsellor should stress that alcoholism is a curable condition , particularly when the social distress underlying the need for alcohol is openly discussed and the problems tackled .
whatever the setting , the counsellor should stress that alcoholism is a curable [state] , particularly when the social distress underlying the need for alcohol is openly discussed and the problems tackled .

This is because a complete rose is not usually ready to be pressed in one go , so you must condition it first by stripping it of its leaves and thorns , cutting the stem and then crushing it with a hammer , before placing it in fairly deep water .
this is because a complete rose is not usually ready to be pressed in one go , so you must [state] it first by stripping it of its leaves and thorns , cutting the stem and then crushing it with a hammer , before placing it in fairly deep water .

If the frame appears to be in reasonably good condition , you may find that you work wonders by just giving it a proper clean .
if the frame appears to be in reasonably good [state] , you may find that you work wonders by just giving it a proper clean .

Always choose a brush that is in good condition , and pull out any stray hairs before beginning to apply the adhesive .
always choose a brush that is in good [state] , and pull out any stray hairs before beginning to apply the adhesive .

You can then make the picture at your leisure , knowing that the flowers were pressed in peak condition .
you can then make the picture at your leisure , knowing that the flowers were pressed in peak [state] .

Charlie Fourstar , whose family live on an Indian reservation in Montana , was born with a similar condition to Laura who underwent a liver-bowel transplant five months ago .
charlie fourstar , whose family live on an indian reservation in montana , was born with a similar [state] to laura who underwent a liver-bowel transplant five months ago .

Washington insiders believe that she told her husband how she felt and suggested he should use the ‘ excuse ’ of Graves Disease , a condition affecting the heart rhythm which they both suffer from , as a way of standing down from office .
washington insiders believe that she told her husband how she felt and suggested he should use the ‘ excuse ’ of graves disease , a [state] affecting the heart rhythm which they both suffer from , as a way of standing down from office .

The 64-year-old male patient , who was suffering from arthritis , has asked not to be identified but was said to be in stable condition last night .
the 64-year-old male patient , who was suffering from arthritis , has asked not to be identified but was said to be in stable [state] last night .

We just do n't know what is at the root of her condition .
we just do n't know what is at the root of her [state] .

Ron Wise of Cedars-Sinai Medical Centre said : ‘ Her condition has continued to improve . ’
ron wise of cedars-sinai medical centre said : ‘ her [state] has continued to improve . ’

Excuses based on weather conditions , visibility and the condition of the road surface etc .
excuses based on weather conditions , visibility and the [state] of the road surface etc .

Other minor points which may be helpful would include : The position of the gear lever after an accident ; what the speedometer registers if damaged in an accident ; the position of other instruments , such as obligatory light switches or windscreen wiper switches ; whether the driver had consumed any alcohol prior to the offence ( provided the prejudicial value does not outweigh the evidential value of such evidence ) and the mechanical condition of the vehicle .
other minor points which may be helpful would include : the position of the gear lever after an accident ; what the speedometer registers if damaged in an accident ; the position of other instruments , such as obligatory light switches or windscreen wiper switches ; whether the driver had consumed any alcohol prior to the offence ( provided the prejudicial value does not outweigh the evidential value of such evidence ) and the mechanical [state] of the vehicle .

‘ Seriously reduced visibility conditions ’ in relation to a vehicle used on a road during daytime hours may include such conditions adversely affecting visibility ( whether consisting of , or including , fog , smoke , heavy rain or spray , snow , dense cloud , or any similar condition ) as seriously reduce the ability of the driver ( after the appropriate use by him of any windscreen wiper and washer ) to see other vehicles or persons on the road , or the ability of other users of the road to see the vehicle .
‘ seriously reduced visibility conditions ’ in relation to a vehicle used on a road during daytime hours may include such conditions adversely affecting visibility ( whether consisting of , or including , fog , smoke , heavy rain or spray , snow , dense cloud , or any similar [state] ) as seriously reduce the ability of the driver ( after the appropriate use by him of any windscreen wiper and washer ) to see other vehicles or persons on the road , or the ability of other users of the road to see the vehicle .

failed to comply with a condition subject to which it was granted in that
failed to comply with a [state] subject to which it was granted in that

was in such condition , that danger was caused
was in such [state] , that danger was caused

‘ was in such condition , that danger was caused ’ This point means that the condition caused danger or in other words injured someone .
‘ was in such [state] , that danger was caused ’ this point means that the [state] caused danger or in other words injured someone .

‘ was in such condition , that danger was caused ’ This point is proved , firstly by the prosecution witness ( most likely the police officer ) examining the personal injury and describing it in his evidence .
‘ was in such [state] , that danger was caused ’ this point is proved , firstly by the prosecution witness ( most likely the police officer ) examining the personal injury and describing it in his evidence .

‘ expose your person ’ This point is proved by describing the penis fully and stating what condition it was in as outlined at point 2 ante .
‘ expose your person ’ this point is proved by describing the penis fully and stating what [state] it was in as outlined at point 2 ante .

Means any hurt or injury calculated to interfere with the health or comfort of the prosecutor and includes an hysterical or nervous condition resulting from an assault .
means any hurt or injury calculated to interfere with the health or comfort of the prosecutor and includes an hysterical or nervous [state] resulting from an assault .

the distressed condition of the victim(iii) evidence of similar misconduct can be admitted as corroboration if from an independent source ;
the distressed [state] of the victim(iii) evidence of similar misconduct can be admitted as corroboration if from an independent source ;

Drought was not the only condition that created a shortage of free power .
drought was not the only [state] that created a shortage of free power .

That he was not abstracting water but merely utilizing it and returning to the river the same amount in improved condition , because contact with the turbine had aerated it , and it was better for the fish .
that he was not abstracting water but merely utilizing it and returning to the river the same amount in improved [state] , because contact with the turbine had aerated it , and it was better for the fish .

X-rays were taken , his condition was pronounced not serious , and he was told to attend the next month if he was n't better .
x-rays were taken , his [state] was pronounced not serious , and he was told to attend the next month if he was n't better .

The appalling health of the population , revealed by Boer War recruitment , did much to persuade the Establishment of the need for an extensive programme of social reform to improve the condition of the working class .
the appalling health of the population , revealed by boer war recruitment , did much to persuade the establishment of the need for an extensive programme of social reform to improve the [state] of the working class .

Rearmament created bottlenecks in the supply of skilled labour , placing trade unions in a position to press for changes in foreign policy as a condition of their support for the ‘ dilution ’ of labour .
rearmament created bottlenecks in the supply of skilled labour , placing trade unions in a position to press for changes in foreign policy as a [state] of their support for the ‘ dilution ’ of labour .

Metal hardened by deformation can be returned to its initial soft condition by ‘ annealing ’ , that is to say by heating it until total or partial recrystallization occurs , in which case most of the excess dislocations vanish .
metal hardened by deformation can be returned to its initial soft [state] by ‘ annealing ’ , that is to say by heating it until total or partial recrystallization occurs , in which case most of the excess dislocations vanish .

The first condition requires that at every stage in the propagation of the crack the energy stored in the material is being reduced , just s when a car runs downhill its potential energy is being reduced .
the first [state] requires that at every stage in the propagation of the crack the energy stored in the material is being reduced , just s when a car runs downhill its potential energy is being reduced .

Brittleness is not a special condition , it is the normal state of all simple non-metallic solids which can not generate dislocations and so achieve a high work of fracture .
brittleness is not a special [state] , it is the normal state of all simple non-metallic solids which can not generate dislocations and so achieve a high work of fracture .

Since the condition for effective crack-stopping is that we have to weaken the material by a factor of five , the process does not sound a very promising one .
since the [state] for effective crack-stopping is that we have to weaken the material by a factor of five , the process does not sound a very promising one .

However , as we said in the last chapter , it seems to be a condition for the strength and toughness of materials of this type that there should be planes of weakness parallel to the strongest direction .
however , as we said in the last chapter , it seems to be a [state] for the strength and toughness of materials of this type that there should be planes of weakness parallel to the strongest direction .

The wooden sailing ship was par excellence the artifact which made the expansion of Western civilization possible and thus , more than any other device , was responsible for our present condition .
the wooden sailing ship was par excellence the artifact which made the expansion of western civilization possible and thus , more than any other device , was responsible for our present [state] .

However , until the middle of the eighteenth century it was considered impracticable to keep fleets continually at sea throughout the winter because of the severe and rapid deterioration in the condition of the ships .
however , until the middle of the eighteenth century it was considered impracticable to keep fleets continually at sea throughout the winter because of the severe and rapid deterioration in the [state] of the ships .

The strength of a well made glued joint in good condition is not increased by nailing or screwing the joint in addition to the glue , On the other hand , all glues need to be tightly clamped while they set and the simplest way to do this is generally to assemble the wet joint with nails or screws ; having once done this , there is no particular benefit in taking the fastenings out afterwards .
the strength of a well made glued joint in good [state] is not increased by nailing or screwing the joint in addition to the glue , on the other hand , all glues need to be tightly clamped while they set and the simplest way to do this is generally to assemble the wet joint with nails or screws ; having once done this , there is no particular benefit in taking the fastenings out afterwards .

Furthermore , a joint in poor condition may peel , like a banana skin , and the presence of mechanical fastenings is a great insurance against this .
furthermore , a joint in poor [state] may peel , like a banana skin , and the presence of mechanical fastenings is a great insurance against this .

The solid members needed only to take compression and since the principle danger in this condition was buckling , such components required to be as thick as possible for their weight and for this purpose bamboo or spruce was especially suitable .
the solid members needed only to take compression and since the principle danger in this [state] was buckling , such components required to be as thick as possible for their weight and for this purpose bamboo or spruce was especially suitable .

Big stresses were built up near the glue-lines ; if the glue was in bad condition it broke ; if not , the wood failed near the glue .
big stresses were built up near the glue-lines ; if the glue was in bad [state] it broke ; if not , the wood failed near the glue .

This is a very lethal condition and has been responsible for a great many accidents and much loss of life .
this is a very lethal [state] and has been responsible for a great many accidents and much loss of life .

For instance , policies will not pay out if you have to stop work because of a medical condition which you knew about before starting the policy .
for instance , policies will not pay out if you have to stop work because of a medical [state] which you knew about before starting the policy .

Buildings in good condition in villages or forming part of a farm complex should be much cheaper to convert than a ruin miles from the nearest mains water and electricity — although even these sell .
buildings in good [state] in villages or forming part of a farm complex should be much cheaper to convert than a ruin miles from the nearest mains water and electricity — although even these sell .

Five hours later the desperately worried magician rang the hospital to check on their condition .
five hours later the desperately worried magician rang the hospital to check on their [state] .

When the gym was recently installed managing director Bruce Gyngell said : ‘ We may all be out of work , but at least we 'll be in peak condition . ’
when the gym was recently installed managing director bruce gyngell said : ‘ we may all be out of work , but at least we 'll be in peak [state] . ’

Although this is often because they are in poor condition , many are still an excellent buy .
although this is often because they are in poor [state] , many are still an excellent buy .

His condition deteriorated so rapidly that Brian was unable to reach his father 's bedside in New York before he died .
his [state] deteriorated so rapidly that brian was unable to reach his father 's bedside in new york before he died .

Instead he has fought his condition with the gritty determination of the prize fighter he is .
instead he has fought his [state] with the gritty determination of the prize fighter he is .

Brady 's condition is causing increasing concern at Roker Park and boss Malcolm Crosby hopes hospital tests will ease fears over the future of his 21-year-old Republic of Ireland winger .
brady 's [state] is causing increasing concern at roker park and boss malcolm crosby hopes hospital tests will ease fears over the future of his 21-year-old republic of ireland winger .

Howe has returned home after a scare over a chest condition .
howe has returned home after a scare over a chest [state] .

The Luxembourg Institute intends to verify closely whether the auditors who have their ‘ second offices ’ in Luxembourg fulfil the condition of having an effective establishment in the sense of the professional rules .
the luxembourg institute intends to verify closely whether the auditors who have their ‘ second offices ’ in luxembourg fulfil the [state] of having an effective establishment in the sense of the professional rules .

The client was a director of the company and it was a condition that he signed guarantees for the funding of the business to continue .
the client was a director of the company and it was a [state] that he signed guarantees for the funding of the business to continue .

At the same time , schedules of condition should be drawn up to protect both parties on the dilapidations front .
at the same time , schedules of [state] should be drawn up to protect both parties on the dilapidations front .

Ideally , the objective must be to have the accommodation returned to the same condition it was in before the lease .
ideally , the objective must be to have the accommodation returned to the same [state] it was in before the lease .

Because investment business is peripheral to their main activity ( and it is a condition of authorisation that it should not normally exceed 20 % of total fee income ) , many firms allow themselves to remain woefully ignorant of the regulations and of how to apply them within their own practice .
because investment business is peripheral to their main activity ( and it is a [state] of authorisation that it should not normally exceed 20 % of total fee income ) , many firms allow themselves to remain woefully ignorant of the regulations and of how to apply them within their own practice .

As regards the third condition , can it be established that the provision of a company car for the company secretary is the normal commercial practice within that trade ? Can evidence from friends/competitors within the trade be obtained in order to promote the case ?
as regards the third [state] , can it be established that the provision of a company car for the company secretary is the normal commercial practice within that trade ? can evidence from friends/competitors within the trade be obtained in order to promote the case ?

The Serpent is the most profound image ever conceived to crystallize this dual principle in the human condition .
the serpent is the most profound image ever conceived to crystallize this dual principle in the human [state] .

In an amplified state it is generally referred to as ‘ expanded consciousness ’ — a condition that allows us to process through our nervous system , information from the environment which during a normal state of consciousness is totally inaccessible .
in an amplified state it is generally referred to as ‘ expanded consciousness ’ — a [state] that allows us to process through our nervous system , information from the environment which during a normal state of consciousness is totally inaccessible .

The orb at the top of the rod symbolizes this ideal condition .
the orb at the top of the rod symbolizes this ideal [state] .

The aim of all schools of initiation the world over has always been to guide a human mind from an ordinary state of consciousness which is considered as a conscious state of ignorance or illusion , to a higher , more aware , enlightened condition .
the aim of all schools of initiation the world over has always been to guide a human mind from an ordinary state of consciousness which is considered as a conscious state of ignorance or illusion , to a higher , more aware , enlightened [state] .

Meditative techniques were designed to eliminate this struggle , to overcome the duality and to promote a more balanced mental condition .
meditative techniques were designed to eliminate this struggle , to overcome the duality and to promote a more balanced mental [state] .

This condition , as any individual knows , is only a sometimes thing during the course of day-to-day living .
this [state] , as any individual knows , is only a sometimes thing during the course of day-to-day living .

If it were to become an actual consistent condition , the very purpose of life itself ( which is growth towards perfection through the struggle between opposites or growth towards total ‘ order ’ ) would be cancelled out and the evolutionary process would cease to be of significance .
if it were to become an actual consistent [state] , the very purpose of life itself ( which is growth towards perfection through the struggle between opposites or growth towards total ‘ order ’ ) would be cancelled out and the evolutionary process would cease to be of significance .

But it is the actual icon that amplifies this condition when we are in close proximity to its form .
but it is the actual icon that amplifies this [state] when we are in close proximity to its form .

Science 's egocentric constricted views in relation to consciousness and mind have reduced the human mental condition almost to that of a robot 's , with ‘ mystic mumbo jumbo ’ being the label placed on the canons of the sublime Eastern ‘ Science of Life ’ .
science 's egocentric constricted views in relation to consciousness and mind have reduced the human mental [state] almost to that of a robot 's , with ‘ mystic mumbo jumbo ’ being the label placed on the canons of the sublime eastern ‘ science of life ’ .

To the advocates of reductionism and materialism , or the sceptical at heart , the Hindus have a clearly defined answer for that condition :
to the advocates of reductionism and materialism , or the sceptical at heart , the hindus have a clearly defined answer for that [state] :

Thus it is the physicists and medical specialists with a strong background in physics , along with electronics engineers , who form the vanguard of this thrust , which has been shown particularly effective in predicting illness prior to its becoming a pathologically apparent condition .
thus it is the physicists and medical specialists with a strong background in physics , along with electronics engineers , who form the vanguard of this thrust , which has been shown particularly effective in predicting illness prior to its becoming a pathologically apparent [state] .

If the points were electrically stimulated to induce correct electrical balance , the impending physical changes were averted , In many cases they found that a pathological condition could be reversed by stimulating and rebalancing the points .
if the points were electrically stimulated to induce correct electrical balance , the impending physical changes were averted , in many cases they found that a pathological [state] could be reversed by stimulating and rebalancing the points .

‘ In the inner world , they [ objects ] exist in a form and condition largely determined by his [ the infant 's ] phantasies .
‘ in the inner world , they [ objects ] exist in a form and [state] largely determined by his [ the infant 's ] phantasies .

James Longden , who was Governor from 1878 to 1883 , thought that ‘ the number of lashes allowed is positively inhuman ’ , and that ‘ the physical condition of most natives makes this a more serious punishment than in England .
james longden , who was governor from 1878 to 1883 , thought that ‘ the number of lashes allowed is positively inhuman ’ , and that ‘ the physical [state] of most natives makes this a more serious punishment than in england .

The standard price of village cattle ranged from ten to twenty rupees a head , but those in poor condition could be worth as little as five rupees and bulls from India as much as eighty rupees .
the standard price of village cattle ranged from ten to twenty rupees a head , but those in poor [state] could be worth as little as five rupees and bulls from india as much as eighty rupees .

Most village cattle were undernourished and unhealthy , and many contemporaries believed that their condition was getting worse .
most village cattle were undernourished and unhealthy , and many contemporaries believed that their [state] was getting worse .

The poor physical condition of cattle hampered agriculture .
the poor physical [state] of cattle hampered agriculture .

Milk was not greatly used by villagers , partially because of the poor condition of the animals , but buffalo curd was considered a treat by those who could afford it .
milk was not greatly used by villagers , partially because of the poor [state] of the animals , but buffalo curd was considered a treat by those who could afford it .

To live by ungrounded values , which even if organized as rationally as a science have only an inward coherence without external support , has come to be widely accepted as the quintessentially modern condition .
to live by ungrounded values , which even if organized as rationally as a science have only an inward coherence without external support , has come to be widely accepted as the quintessentially modern [state] .

The child 's greed is obstructing awareness of consequences the facing of which would cause him to refrain ; therefore to let the impulse to refrain prevail over the impulse to eat is a causally necessary condition of obeying the imperative .
the child 's greed is obstructing awareness of consequences the facing of which would cause him to refrain ; therefore to let the impulse to refrain prevail over the impulse to eat is a causally necessary [state] of obeying the imperative .

Later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .
later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary [state] of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .

In June 1925 , the Ministry of Transport ( which had replaced the Transport Department of the Board of Trade in 1919 ) took note of the poor condition of the track and road surface on the Cricket Green spur at Mitcham , which had not been used since the war .
in june 1925 , the ministry of transport ( which had replaced the transport department of the board of trade in 1919 ) took note of the poor [state] of the track and road surface on the cricket green spur at mitcham , which had not been used since the war .

The ex-Croydon Corporation E/1s were still in sound condition and lived to see another day ; they were transferred to New Cross depôt .
the ex-croydon corporation e/1s were still in sound [state] and lived to see another day ; they were transferred to new cross depôt .

Croydon Corporation No. 38 , after fitting with air brakes , two and one cushioned seats , channel steel underframes and ‘ torpedo ’ side lamps , otherwise in original condition .
croydon corporation no. 38 , after fitting with air brakes , two and one cushioned seats , channel steel underframes and ‘ torpedo ’ side lamps , otherwise in original [state] .

Most of these cars received hardly any modifications but remained in good condition .
most of these cars received hardly any modifications but remained in good [state] .

16 was in worse condition than the others and was repillared with five windows instead .
16 was in worse [state] than the others and was repillared with five windows instead .

By the late 1920s when it became possible to send cars away to Hendon for a thorough overhaul , they were all in really tired condition .
by the late 1920s when it became possible to send cars away to hendon for a thorough overhaul , they were all in really tired [state] .

That opportunity arose sooner than expected in the Autumn of 1927 , when twelve cars were obtained in good condition from Croydon Corporation .
that opportunity arose sooner than expected in the autumn of 1927 , when twelve cars were obtained in good [state] from croydon corporation .

An objection to this argument is that a legal obligation is not a necessary condition for a liability .
an objection to this argument is that a legal obligation is not a necessary [state] for a liability .

The Regulations cover working environment , such as temperature and ventilation ; safety , such as condition of floors and escalators ; facilities , such as toilets and washing facilities — there are new provisions here regarding rest areas with arrangements for non-smokers and rest facilities for pregnant women and nursing mothers ; and house-keeping , such as maintenance of the work-place , equipment and facilities .
the regulations cover working environment , such as temperature and ventilation ; safety , such as [state] of floors and escalators ; facilities , such as toilets and washing facilities — there are new provisions here regarding rest areas with arrangements for non-smokers and rest facilities for pregnant women and nursing mothers ; and house-keeping , such as maintenance of the work-place , equipment and facilities .

If such a provision may be interpreted subjectively — for example if further finance may be withheld if the borrower 's financial condition suffers an ‘ adverse change ’ and that term is not further defined — it will be unsafe to rely on borrowings under the facility being available .
if such a provision may be interpreted subjectively — for example if further finance may be withheld if the borrower 's financial [state] suffers an ‘ adverse change ’ and that term is not further defined — it will be unsafe to rely on borrowings under the facility being available .

‘ The ice fall is in dreadful condition .
‘ the ice fall is in dreadful [state] .

Take your shoes off and see what condition your feet are in .
take your shoes off and see what [state] your feet are in .

Naturopathy is one of the oldest forms of medicine and is based on four principles : the individuality of the patient , that you should treat the cause of the condition and not just the symptoms , that the body retains the ability to heal itself and that you must treat the whole person and not just an affected area .
naturopathy is one of the oldest forms of medicine and is based on four principles : the individuality of the patient , that you should treat the cause of the [state] and not just the symptoms , that the body retains the ability to heal itself and that you must treat the whole person and not just an affected area .

However , she warns : Much depends on the condition of the individual after the event .
however , she warns : much depends on the [state] of the individual after the event .

That was also rough play and he should have been punished sternly . And if Rob Andrew got sympathy for his injury , how about the case of Philippe Sella , who led his side until 56 minutes in spite of his poor condition caused by the class with Andrew ?
that was also rough play and he should have been punished sternly . and if rob andrew got sympathy for his injury , how about the case of philippe sella , who led his side until 56 minutes in spite of his poor [state] caused by the class with andrew ?

When this happens , the plant is known to be in an ‘ emerse ’ condition .
when this happens , the plant is known to be in an ‘ emerse ’ [state] .

If the plant does not grow above the water surface , then it is known to be in the ‘ submerse ’ condition .
if the plant does not grow above the water surface , then it is known to be in the ‘ submerse ’ [state] .

It progresses very little in the submerged condition , and dies off after 2 or 3 months .
it progresses very little in the submerged [state] , and dies off after 2 or 3 months .

Water condition : Soft water with slight acidity .
water [state] : soft water with slight acidity .

All species of Alternanthera are marsh-lovers , and therefore do better in an emersed condition , but as their foliage is very attractive , growing them in the aquarium is justified .
all species of alternanthera are marsh-lovers , and therefore do better in an emersed [state] , but as their foliage is very attractive , growing them in the aquarium is justified .

Water condition :
water [state] :

Water condition :
water [state] :

Water condition :
water [state] :

Water condition :
water [state] :

Water condition :
water [state] :

This is essentially a bog plant , but it adapts satisfactorily to a submerged condition in a tank .
this is essentially a bog plant , but it adapts satisfactorily to a submerged [state] in a tank .

The plant changes its form according to the growing condition .
the plant changes its form according to the growing [state] .

It is not too difficult to grow , provided the correct lighting condition is given .
it is not too difficult to grow , provided the correct lighting [state] is given .

If the tank contains plant detritus , then this condition will suit well .
if the tank contains plant detritus , then this [state] will suit well .

Brooding over it all in his weakened condition brought him low , in a dangerous state of depression .
brooding over it all in his weakened [state] brought him low , in a dangerous state of depression .

Vincent had grasped early on that his deep-seated , recurring fearfulness in the face of life was a condition he shared with many nineteenth-century artists .
vincent had grasped early on that his deep-seated , recurring fearfulness in the face of life was a [state] he shared with many nineteenth-century artists .

The swollen belly tells of her condition .
the swollen belly tells of her [state] .

Her general condition was so weak that he had arranged for the doctors to take special care of her , financially assisted as usual by Theo .
her general [state] was so weak that he had arranged for the doctors to take special care of her , financially assisted as usual by theo .

Theo was swift to point this out , at the same time rebuking Vincent for his bullying and insensitivity , hurting an old man who was in no condition to hit back .
theo was swift to point this out , at the same time rebuking vincent for his bullying and insensitivity , hurting an old man who was in no [state] to hit back .

More people claim to know more about a condition called gonaditis than about chlamydia — despite the fact that gonaditis does n't actually exist .
more people claim to know more about a [state] called gonaditis than about chlamydia — despite the fact that gonaditis does n't actually exist .

For all your sound recording , take care to ensure that your microphone leads and audio connections are electrically sound and properly screened from hum pick-up , so that the signal arrives at the camcorder in the best possible condition .
for all your sound recording , take care to ensure that your microphone leads and audio connections are electrically sound and properly screened from hum pick-up , so that the signal arrives at the camcorder in the best possible [state] .

And others have huge amounts of artificial snow facilities such as Selva in Italy or immaculate piste grooming that maintains the snow in good condition such as Meribel and Courchevel in France .
and others have huge amounts of artificial snow facilities such as selva in italy or immaculate piste grooming that maintains the snow in good [state] such as meribel and courchevel in france .

Allowances that are given , based on an intention to bring the building into use by 31 December 1994 , will be withdrawn where this condition is not , in the event , met .
allowances that are given , based on an intention to bring the building into use by 31 december 1994 , will be withdrawn where this [state] is not , in the event , met .

All computer personnel should read , understand and comply with the policy as a condition of employment .
all computer personnel should read , understand and comply with the policy as a [state] of employment .

‘ She is in a vegetative state and the prognosis is that she will remain in that condition for up to 25 years , ’ said Mr Hodson .
‘ she is in a vegetative state and the prognosis is that she will remain in that [state] for up to 25 years , ’ said mr hodson .

He was in a satisfactory condition in Newcastle hospital last night , with dozens of tiny stitches in his face .
he was in a satisfactory [state] in newcastle hospital last night , with dozens of tiny stitches in his face .

She suffers from a hereditary high-cholesterol condition and was under severe stress when she walked out .
she suffers from a hereditary high-cholesterol [state] and was under severe stress when she walked out .

Former trainee priest Ronald Page , 50 , has been unable to work since a car crash turned his mild condition into a chronic illness , the High Court heard .
former trainee priest ronald page , 50 , has been unable to work since a car crash turned his mild [state] into a chronic illness , the high court heard .

All three were said to be in a critical condition last night .
all three were said to be in a critical [state] last night .

‘ It is rather like tackling a marathon without training or throwing yourself into a game of squash when you are out of condition .
‘ it is rather like tackling a marathon without training or throwing yourself into a game of squash when you are out of [state] .

Police said her condition was ‘ very serious ’ and her relatives had been called to her bedside .
police said her [state] was ‘ very serious ’ and her relatives had been called to her bedside .

Her boy , who needed a blood transfusion , was last night in a critical but stable condition in intensive care at Milton Keynes hospital .
her boy , who needed a blood transfusion , was last night in a critical but stable [state] in intensive care at milton keynes hospital .

Within months , her condition improved and she is now the proud mother of Alexandra .
within months , her [state] improved and she is now the proud mother of alexandra .

Christopher Tucker , 29 , of Hounslow , west London , who will be sentenced later this month , was allowed bail on condition he does not enter any of the fast food chain 's stores .
christopher tucker , 29 , of hounslow , west london , who will be sentenced later this month , was allowed bail on [state] he does not enter any of the fast food chain 's stores .

The duchess told friends she was totally misled by officials about the condition of 79-year-old Sunnie .
the duchess told friends she was totally misled by officials about the [state] of 79-year-old sunnie .

Then this summer his condition deteriorated after a trip to Cyprus .
then this summer his [state] deteriorated after a trip to cyprus .

Daniel 's weight plummeted to just over two stone when his condition was diagnosed last February .
daniel 's weight plummeted to just over two stone when his [state] was diagnosed last february .

‘ She was in a terrible condition , ’ he said .
‘ she was in a terrible [state] , ’ he said .

But this kind of critical thinking needs to be encouraged and sustained throughout the language teaching profession as a whole , as , indeed , a necessary condition on its professionalism .
but this kind of critical thinking needs to be encouraged and sustained throughout the language teaching profession as a whole , as , indeed , a necessary [state] on its professionalism .

In other words , the very learning process implies a focus on form as a necessary condition for the subsequent focus on meaning .
in other words , the very learning process implies a focus on form as a necessary [state] for the subsequent focus on meaning .

This common knowledge of shared experience and conventionally sanctioned reality can be called schematic knowledge : it is the knowledge which is acquired as a condition of entry into a particular culture or sub-culture .
this common knowledge of shared experience and conventionally sanctioned reality can be called schematic knowledge : it is the knowledge which is acquired as a [state] of entry into a particular culture or sub-culture .

’ He added that the answer was enforcement , the most effective method of which would be for The Stock Exchange to make compliance a listing condition .
’ he added that the answer was enforcement , the most effective method of which would be for the stock exchange to make compliance a listing [state] .

No correspondence about the results can be entered into , and that the judges ' decision is final is a condition of entry .
no correspondence about the results can be entered into , and that the judges ' decision is final is a [state] of entry .

Both lack pongine characters , retaining the primitive condition for the characters that distinguish the pongine clade .
both lack pongine characters , retaining the primitive [state] for the characters that distinguish the pongine clade .

The region of glabella is also well developed , although the condition in Graecopithecus is similar to that seen in dryopithecins and afropithecins , so that the significance of this character is uncertain .
the region of glabella is also well developed , although the [state] in graecopithecus is similar to that seen in dryopithecins and afropithecins , so that the significance of this character is uncertain .

The morphology of the alveolar clivus supports this alternative , in which case Graecopithecus can be interpreted as a fossil hominine , but there is a possibility that this morphology represents an ancestral great ape character which was primitively retained in Graecopithecus and the hominines ( and was independently further modified to produce the more derived orang-utan condition ) .
the morphology of the alveolar clivus supports this alternative , in which case graecopithecus can be interpreted as a fossil hominine , but there is a possibility that this morphology represents an ancestral great ape character which was primitively retained in graecopithecus and the hominines ( and was independently further modified to produce the more derived orang-utan [state] ) .

The extreme reduction in diameter of the incisive canal and lengthening and rotation of the alveolar clivus of the premaxilla in the orang-utan are probably derived independently of the hominine condition .
the extreme reduction in diameter of the incisive canal and lengthening and rotation of the alveolar clivus of the premaxilla in the orang-utan are probably derived independently of the hominine [state] .

Lateral and anterior curvature ( that is , laterally and anteriorly convex ) and flat deltoid plane represent the ancestral hominoid condition , as present in Proconsul , and these characters are present also in Sivapithecus .
lateral and anterior curvature ( that is , laterally and anteriorly convex ) and flat deltoid plane represent the ancestral hominoid [state] , as present in proconsul , and these characters are present also in sivapithecus .

This suggests that considerable diversification of the vertebrate skeleton had already taken place by Lower Ordovician times and , furthermore , that it is not possible on the basis of antiquity alone to predict whether a micromeric or macromeric skeleton is the more primitive vertebrate condition .
this suggests that considerable diversification of the vertebrate skeleton had already taken place by lower ordovician times and , furthermore , that it is not possible on the basis of antiquity alone to predict whether a micromeric or macromeric skeleton is the more primitive vertebrate [state] .

But the Ordovician agnathans Astraspis and Eriptychius were originally associated with heterostracans because the skeleton was made of aspidin ( acellular bone ) , a condition regarded by some as primitive and by others as derived .
but the ordovician agnathans astraspis and eriptychius were originally associated with heterostracans because the skeleton was made of aspidin ( acellular bone ) , a [state] regarded by some as primitive and by others as derived .

The early occurrence of aspidin has always strengthened the opinion that it is the more primitive condition .
the early occurrence of aspidin has always strengthened the opinion that it is the more primitive [state] .

The phylogeny given here predicts that the condition in hagfishes is primitive .
the phylogeny given here predicts that the [state] in hagfishes is primitive .

The gnathostome condition , with paired nasal sacs not associated with a through duct , would therefore be a derived condition .
the gnathostome [state] , with paired nasal sacs not associated with a through duct , would therefore be a derived [state] .

When added to the usual treatments for this condition it cleared up persistent ulcers in 40 out of 60 cases .
when added to the usual treatments for this [state] it cleared up persistent ulcers in 40 out of 60 cases .

Should the mental health state continue , then the condition is likely to be primary , with the alcohol problem being secondary .
should the mental health state continue , then the [state] is likely to be primary , with the alcohol problem being secondary .

The cold was already making Gentle 's bruised bones ache fiercely , and in such a condition the two blocks back to Jude 's apartment would be a long and painful trek .
the cold was already making gentle 's bruised bones ache fiercely , and in such a [state] the two blocks back to jude 's apartment would be a long and painful trek .

Reaffirming the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of a sovereign state , they condemned the attempt to use human rights as a condition for development aid .
reaffirming the principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of a sovereign state , they condemned the attempt to use human rights as a [state] for development aid .

And donors are in several minds about making human rights a condition for aid .
and donors are in several minds about making human rights a [state] for aid .

The parties in Kalmykia were offered interest-free loans on condition that they abandoned politics and went into business .
the parties in kalmykia were offered interest-free loans on [state] that they abandoned politics and went into business .

Bosnia is in worse condition now than had it been split up last year .
bosnia is in worse [state] now than had it been split up last year .

This was Europe 's condition for recognition .
this was europe 's [state] for recognition .

Mr Atkinson estimates that Japan 's 21 most important commercial banks — including the seven trust banks and the three long-term credit banks , all in far worse condition than the city banks — have a total of ¥31 trillion of loans on which they are receiving either puny interest or no interest at all .
mr atkinson estimates that japan 's 21 most important commercial banks — including the seven trust banks and the three long-term credit banks , all in far worse [state] than the city banks — have a total of ¥31 trillion of loans on which they are receiving either puny interest or no interest at all .

The extent to which some university appointments were political spoils in the eighteenth century is suggested by the demand made in 1714 by Murray of Cringletie , an administration candidate for the representation of the county of Peebles , who made it a condition of his coming forward that his brother should be given the vacant chair of church history in the University of Edinburgh .
the extent to which some university appointments were political spoils in the eighteenth century is suggested by the demand made in 1714 by murray of cringletie , an administration candidate for the representation of the county of peebles , who made it a [state] of his coming forward that his brother should be given the vacant chair of church history in the university of edinburgh .

The family must be prepared to develop contact with the black community in order that the child does not feel that he or she is being cut off from his or her roots , which often creates the condition whereby negative images emerge .
the family must be prepared to develop contact with the black community in order that the child does not feel that he or she is being cut off from his or her roots , which often creates the [state] whereby negative images emerge .

The limits were instigated by the social worker or the residential staff , but were not a condition imposed by the court , and they remained largely unchanged over time .
the limits were instigated by the social worker or the residential staff , but were not a [state] imposed by the court , and they remained largely unchanged over time .

For both the conservative- and liberal-historians , the process of ‘ secularisation ’ is identified as a necessary if not sufficient condition for the rise of the permissive society .
for both the conservative- and liberal-historians , the process of ‘ secularisation ’ is identified as a necessary if not sufficient [state] for the rise of the permissive society .

The Report distinguished between homosexuality as a ‘ condition ’ and homosexual behaviour , and , although it advocated the removal of the latter from the criminal law , it remained firm in its condemnation of homosexuality .
the report distinguished between homosexuality as a ‘ [state] ’ and homosexual behaviour , and , although it advocated the removal of the latter from the criminal law , it remained firm in its condemnation of homosexuality .

Indeed , it is our opinion that this source of corruption is a more likely consequence than the possible conversion of the victim to a condition of homosexuality .
indeed , it is our opinion that this source of corruption is a more likely consequence than the possible conversion of the victim to a [state] of homosexuality .

Third , the worker was committed to the idea that treatment of a medical or disabling condition should not take precedence over the child 's social , emotional and cultural needs .
third , the worker was committed to the idea that treatment of a medical or disabling [state] should not take precedence over the child 's social , emotional and cultural needs .

Some parents ' reaction to the diagnosis is nullified by the additional diagnosis of some life-threatening physical condition such as meningitis or a heart defect , which to them is more distressing .
some parents ' reaction to the diagnosis is nullified by the additional diagnosis of some life-threatening physical [state] such as meningitis or a heart defect , which to them is more distressing .

Eventually the hunger returned , but her comeback to respectability was delayed by a serious shoulder condition that required surgery and months of rehabilitation .
eventually the hunger returned , but her comeback to respectability was delayed by a serious shoulder [state] that required surgery and months of rehabilitation .

The cabin was luxuriously furnished and immaculately tidy , a condition which Van Gelder very rapidly altered .
the cabin was luxuriously furnished and immaculately tidy , a [state] which van gelder very rapidly altered .

An initial inspection of the loco , still in impeccable condition externally , has revealed a few problems and it is hoped that the Standard will be back in service sooner than the two to three years expected for overhaul .
an initial inspection of the loco , still in impeccable [state] externally , has revealed a few problems and it is hoped that the standard will be back in service sooner than the two to three years expected for overhaul .

He did require one condition to be satisfied , all the bottom row of steel stays , 56 in total , had to be removed for examination .
he did require one [state] to be satisfied , all the bottom row of steel stays , 56 in total , had to be removed for examination .

Compared to some boilers in preservation 5637 's is in excellent condition .
compared to some boilers in preservation 5637 's is in excellent [state] .

The tender has been in a finished condition for some time and was seen at the last Open Day some two years ago .
the tender has been in a finished [state] for some time and was seen at the last open day some two years ago .

Though not quite as grand as the Met , or the New York Historical Society examples of the form , which are more elaborately decorated in the panels , it was in very good condition , and , as noted in the catalogue , may be the earliest example of the form in this country .
though not quite as grand as the met , or the new york historical society examples of the form , which are more elaborately decorated in the panels , it was in very good [state] , and , as noted in the catalogue , may be the earliest example of the form in this country .

$ 80,000–120,000 ) in fine , seemingly original condition .
$ 80,000–120,000 ) in fine , seemingly original [state] .

And you said yourself that the house was in a terrible condition .
and you said yourself that the house was in a terrible [state] .

He had offered the car to Hubert for the summer on condition that everyone promised never to stand on the running boards , because they were threatening to fall off .
he had offered the car to hubert for the summer on [state] that everyone promised never to stand on the running boards , because they were threatening to fall off .

Nurse Dungarvan was in no condition to explain anything .
nurse dungarvan was in no [state] to explain anything .

Sister , Robins , and Old Red were now standing by the lodge discussing the General 's condition .
sister , robins , and old red were now standing by the lodge discussing the general 's [state] .

These are in the same condition as proper names .
these are in the same [state] as proper names .

They differ from connotative terms like ‘ metal ’ — and to this extent ‘ are in the same condition as proper names ’ — in that whereas to the question , ‘ What are the things the resemblance to which you mark by calling this thing a ‘ metal ’ ?
they differ from connotative terms like ‘ metal ’ — and to this extent ‘ are in the same [state] as proper names ’ — in that whereas to the question , ‘ what are the things the resemblance to which you mark by calling this thing a ‘ metal ’ ?

According to Wittgenstein , for instance , it is a condition of a colour-word , such as ‘ blue ’ , being used meaningfully by a person , that he should have learnt ( been trained ) to react to the things other people call ‘ blue ’ in the same way as they do .
according to wittgenstein , for instance , it is a [state] of a colour-word , such as ‘ blue ’ , being used meaningfully by a person , that he should have learnt ( been trained ) to react to the things other people call ‘ blue ’ in the same way as they do .

The condition of what one says being meaningful is part of what one means .
the [state] of what one says being meaningful is part of what one means .

For Wittgenstein , on the other hand , the condition is not part of what one means .
for wittgenstein , on the other hand , the [state] is not part of what one means .

But how queer for this to be the logical condition of someone 's having such-and-such an experience !
but how queer for this to be the logical [state] of someone 's having such-and-such an experience !

It is the sort of thing which would happen only if the person was in some unusual condition , such as a fever .
it is the sort of thing which would happen only if the person was in some unusual [state] , such as a fever .

‘ Do n't speak of death , Cleg , ’ Beatie said , ‘ not now with me in this condition . ’
‘ do n't speak of death , cleg , ’ beatie said , ‘ not now with me in this [state] . ’

The one problem about the purchase is the picture 's poor physical condition .
the one problem about the purchase is the picture 's poor physical [state] .

‘ We know the rather negative condition reports ’ , says Filedt Kok , ‘ but the painting 's overall impact and its enhancement of the museum 's Rembrandt holdings is of more importance to us .
‘ we know the rather negative [state] reports ’ , says filedt kok , ‘ but the painting 's overall impact and its enhancement of the museum 's rembrandt holdings is of more importance to us .

While the linen canvas , comprising six horizontal strips , proved to be in good condition , the original varnish had turned brown with age , dulling colours and giving an overall yellowish hue to the work .
while the linen canvas , comprising six horizontal strips , proved to be in good [state] , the original varnish had turned brown with age , dulling colours and giving an overall yellowish hue to the work .

Considered uninspired , highly-priced and in less than perfect condition by some , Andrea Previtali 's ‘ Portrait of a young Gentleman ’ ( lot 6 ) still went to £150,000 ( $ 240,000 ) while ‘ The Piazza San Marco , Venice ’ attributed to Francesco Guardi ( lot 24 ) reached £130,000 ( $ 208,000 ) against an estimate of £30,000–40,000 .
considered uninspired , highly-priced and in less than perfect [state] by some , andrea previtali 's ‘ portrait of a young gentleman ’ ( lot 6 ) still went to £150,000 ( $ 240,000 ) while ‘ the piazza san marco , venice ’ attributed to francesco guardi ( lot 24 ) reached £130,000 ( $ 208,000 ) against an estimate of £30,000–40,000 .

The obviously poor condition of the lower half of lot 50 , Hans Memling 's ‘ Virgin and Child enthroned ’ was also forgiven , and the panel sold for £170,000 ( $ 272,000 , est .
the obviously poor [state] of the lower half of lot 50 , hans memling 's ‘ virgin and child enthroned ’ was also forgiven , and the panel sold for £170,000 ( $ 272,000 , est .

The director of the Victoria and Albert Museum , Elizabeth Esteve-Coll immediately followed suit , unaffected by the fact that the proceeds were for research into Aids , the condition which killed Mapplethorpe in 1989 .
the director of the victoria and albert museum , elizabeth esteve-coll immediately followed suit , unaffected by the fact that the proceeds were for research into aids , the [state] which killed mapplethorpe in 1989 .

The earthquake of 12 October caused a range of damage to over150 Pharaonic , Coptic and Islamic monuments in and around Cairo , weakening a number of structures that were already unstable and details of whose condition before the quake do not exist .
the earthquake of 12 october caused a range of damage to over150 pharaonic , coptic and islamic monuments in and around cairo , weakening a number of structures that were already unstable and details of whose [state] before the quake do not exist .

The mosque of the sixteenth-century Al-Ghouri , the last of the great Mameluk sultans , is in very poor condition : the minaret has moved and many areas of marble facing are loose .
the mosque of the sixteenth-century al-ghouri , the last of the great mameluk sultans , is in very poor [state] : the minaret has moved and many areas of marble facing are loose .

The decorative marble floor has subsided into the basement while the poor condition of the building has been further aggravated by the actions of the shopkeepers at the base of the mosque .
the decorative marble floor has subsided into the basement while the poor [state] of the building has been further aggravated by the actions of the shopkeepers at the base of the mosque .

The minarets of Al-Hakkim of Bi-biralahi are both in poor condition and in need of repair .
the minarets of al-hakkim of bi-biralahi are both in poor [state] and in need of repair .

Made around 1435 , this example is particularly rare due to the unusual motif of two phoenix ( emblematic of the Chinese empress ) around the sides and in the central base combined with the six mark character of the Emperor on the base and its almost perfect condition .
made around 1435 , this example is particularly rare due to the unusual motif of two phoenix ( emblematic of the chinese empress ) around the sides and in the central base combined with the six mark character of the emperor on the base and its almost perfect [state] .

’ Omit the pallor , which is an odd and perhaps over-modest intrusion into the account , and that sounds like Defoe or Dickens or Proust — or Murdoch : its converse , the crystalline novel , being ‘ a small quasi-allegorical object portraying the human condition , ’ which sounds like Rasselas , Waugh 's Decline and Fall or Orwell 's Animal Farm — not to mention the fiction of Muriel Spark , which can be artfully , even heartlessly , diagrammatic .
’ omit the pallor , which is an odd and perhaps over-modest intrusion into the account , and that sounds like defoe or dickens or proust — or murdoch : its converse , the crystalline novel , being ‘ a small quasi-allegorical object portraying the human [state] , ’ which sounds like rasselas , waugh 's decline and fall or orwell 's animal farm — not to mention the fiction of muriel spark , which can be artfully , even heartlessly , diagrammatic .

There was no place in the new Elizabethan era , apparently , outside universities , for a specifically literary journal mainly concerned with the Condition of England .
there was no place in the new elizabethan era , apparently , outside universities , for a specifically literary journal mainly concerned with the [state] of england .

The Condition of England , for all that , remains a question in the wider critical polemics of the age .
the [state] of england , for all that , remains a question in the wider critical polemics of the age .

Their daily condition showed clearly whether they were capable of finding enough natural food for themselves .
their daily [state] showed clearly whether they were capable of finding enough natural food for themselves .

Radical analysts of welfare development tend to see the imposition of mandatory retirement , encouraged or enforced by state pension schemes , as pan of the process whereby , in late industrial societies with highly specialized divisions of labour , elderly people are marginalized into a condition of ‘ structured dependence ’ .
radical analysts of welfare development tend to see the imposition of mandatory retirement , encouraged or enforced by state pension schemes , as pan of the process whereby , in late industrial societies with highly specialized divisions of labour , elderly people are marginalized into a [state] of ‘ structured dependence ’ .

Their organizations had much to say , and the debate on pensions was affected by their marked ambivalence towards retirement as an imposed condition .
their organizations had much to say , and the debate on pensions was affected by their marked ambivalence towards retirement as an imposed [state] .

Following a thirty-year campaign , during which the issue of poverty in old age was thoroughly discussed , the 1908 Old Age Pension Act was the first , and definitive , legislative step on the road to the imposition of a retirement condition some forty years later .
following a thirty-year campaign , during which the issue of poverty in old age was thoroughly discussed , the 1908 old age pension act was the first , and definitive , legislative step on the road to the imposition of a retirement [state] some forty years later .

The Act itself carried no such condition .
the act itself carried no such [state] .

In 1935 , the very same Neville Chamberlain , who ten years earlier had even been considering a contributory earnings-related scheme , could tell the Conservative Party annual conference that better retirement pensions would be prohibitively costly , would release only a paltry number of jobs and would create grave legal and administrative problems in enforcing the retirement condition : ‘ Are you going to create a new penal offence — the offence of doing work ?
in 1935 , the very same neville chamberlain , who ten years earlier had even been considering a contributory earnings-related scheme , could tell the conservative party annual conference that better retirement pensions would be prohibitively costly , would release only a paltry number of jobs and would create grave legal and administrative problems in enforcing the retirement [state] : ‘ are you going to create a new penal offence — the offence of doing work ?

Thus , while trade unionists wished old people to be kept at a level of economic decency , they realized at the same time that pensions without a retirement condition would erode the wage structure and weaken trade union bargaining .
thus , while trade unionists wished old people to be kept at a level of economic decency , they realized at the same time that pensions without a retirement [state] would erode the wage structure and weaken trade union bargaining .

Though rejected by the Labour Cabinet and the Treasury as impractical and contrary to the tenets of the prevailing fiscal orthodoxy , the notion of generous pensions with a retirement condition did appeal to moderate Labour opinion for the rest of the 1930s .
though rejected by the labour cabinet and the treasury as impractical and contrary to the tenets of the prevailing fiscal orthodoxy , the notion of generous pensions with a retirement [state] did appeal to moderate labour opinion for the rest of the 1930s .

Ernest Bevin 's 1933 articles in The New Clarion , later published as My Plan for 2,000,000 Workless , argued that a new state pension of £1 per week ( single person ) and £1 15s 0d per week ( married couple ) paid at the age of 65 to all earning up to £1,000 per annum , on condition of retirement from work , would induce withdrawal from the labour market of the estimated 350,000 existing pensioners aged 65–9 working in industry .
ernest bevin 's 1933 articles in the new clarion , later published as my plan for 2,000,000 workless , argued that a new state pension of £1 per week ( single person ) and £1 15s 0d per week ( married couple ) paid at the age of 65 to all earning up to £1,000 per annum , on [state] of retirement from work , would induce withdrawal from the labour market of the estimated 350,000 existing pensioners aged 65–9 working in industry .

It was rejected on grounds of cost and the problem of enforcing the retirement condition .
it was rejected on grounds of cost and the problem of enforcing the retirement [state] .

Given his attitude , then , Beveridge was likely to be favourable towards a retirement condition .
given his attitude , then , beveridge was likely to be favourable towards a retirement [state] .

Where , in the Report , Beveridge talked of the ‘ strong public opinion ’ in favour of subsistence pensions , in the private memorandum he contemptuously dismissed this as ‘ sentimental and political ’ , insisting that the state should retain the right to reduce pensions below subsistence on grounds of financial stringency or a fall in the cost of living , and warning of the dangers of a ‘ birthday present ’ mentality if there was no retirement condition .
where , in the report , beveridge talked of the ‘ strong public opinion ’ in favour of subsistence pensions , in the private memorandum he contemptuously dismissed this as ‘ sentimental and political ’ , insisting that the state should retain the right to reduce pensions below subsistence on grounds of financial stringency or a fall in the cost of living , and warning of the dangers of a ‘ birthday present ’ mentality if there was no retirement [state] .

This necessarily brief account has concentrated on the debate over the retirement condition between 1908 and 1948 , and the curious ‘ complicity ’ of the labour movement in demanding a measure that was to confirm the economic uselessness of old people .
this necessarily brief account has concentrated on the debate over the retirement [state] between 1908 and 1948 , and the curious ‘ complicity ’ of the labour movement in demanding a measure that was to confirm the economic uselessness of old people .

The imposition of the retirement condition constituted a novel form of institutionalized dependence .
the imposition of the retirement [state] constituted a novel form of institutionalized dependence .

Furthermore , the growing tendency to withdraw from economic activity at a specific chronological age ( 60/65 ) , regardless of physiological condition and cognitive capacity , reinforced the attention paid to the ageing demographic structure of the country .
furthermore , the growing tendency to withdraw from economic activity at a specific chronological age ( 60/65 ) , regardless of physiological [state] and cognitive capacity , reinforced the attention paid to the ageing demographic structure of the country .

If it is accepted that ability to consume is the major determinant and indicator of economic status — and that is implicit in the common concern over the ‘ standard of living ’ of different groups in society — then the conclusion must be that retirement is only one of a number of factors that affect economic status , and retirement alone is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for economic dependency .
if it is accepted that ability to consume is the major determinant and indicator of economic status — and that is implicit in the common concern over the ‘ standard of living ’ of different groups in society — then the conclusion must be that retirement is only one of a number of factors that affect economic status , and retirement alone is neither a necessary nor a sufficient [state] for economic dependency .

In social security there is the retirement condition , which governs the receipt of the state retirement pension and which has been a major factor in the establishment of the pension ages as the customary retirement ages for men and women ( Walker 1980 ) .
in social security there is the retirement [state] , which governs the receipt of the state retirement pension and which has been a major factor in the establishment of the pension ages as the customary retirement ages for men and women ( walker 1980 ) .

Before then they were in typical ex-BR condition .
before then they were in typical ex-br [state] .

Which meant he was either out of condition or in a state of agitation .
which meant he was either out of [state] or in a state of agitation .

Right , that over , report on what you 've been up to and the condition of your ankle .
right , that over , report on what you 've been up to and the [state] of your ankle .

The two cataloguers ' meticulous approach is immediately apparent in the scrupulously detailed descriptions and condition reports , and in the commentaries which follow them .
the two cataloguers ' meticulous approach is immediately apparent in the scrupulously detailed descriptions and [state] reports , and in the commentaries which follow them .

The condition reports , too , are highly educational .
the [state] reports , too , are highly educational .

At the time of the auction , it was believed that the wide expanse of sky had been skinned ; in fact the original sky was in remarkably fine condition , the skinned appearance due to discoloured overpaint .
at the time of the auction , it was believed that the wide expanse of sky had been skinned ; in fact the original sky was in remarkably fine [state] , the skinned appearance due to discoloured overpaint .

The condition of items was particularly fine .
the [state] of items was particularly fine .

The condition of all the plates is extremely good , although some — particularly earlier plates — are quite coarsely reworked .
the [state] of all the plates is extremely good , although some — particularly earlier plates — are quite coarsely reworked .

The train resembled a site from the late 50s–early 60s when numerous tours were staged on branch lines in this manner and with 75069 in a slightly weather worn condition it certainly looked authentic and fitted the part well .
the train resembled a site from the late 50s–early 60s when numerous tours were staged on branch lines in this manner and with 75069 in a slightly weather worn [state] it certainly looked authentic and fitted the part well .

The criteria have been rigorously applied : fine condition , outstanding quality and preferably , period frame .
the criteria have been rigorously applied : fine [state] , outstanding quality and preferably , period frame .

For more than a year now , that masterpiece of engineering and sculpture , the great Peterhof cascade ( 1714–21 ) consisting of 279 sculptures and sixty-five fountains , has been in a critical condition .
for more than a year now , that masterpiece of engineering and sculpture , the great peterhof cascade ( 1714–21 ) consisting of 279 sculptures and sixty-five fountains , has been in a critical [state] .

Much medieval painting has come down to us in a fragmentary condition , and often in a very poor state of conservation .
much medieval painting has come down to us in a fragmentary [state] , and often in a very poor state of conservation .

In superb condition and in its original frame , it defied attribution .
in superb [state] and in its original frame , it defied attribution .

The condition was offputting and it sold below estimate for $ 48,000 ( £30,000 ; est .
the [state] was offputting and it sold below estimate for $ 48,000 ( £30,000 ; est .

Designed to complement ‘ Gravity and Grace : the changing condition of sculpture 1965–1975 ’ which opened at the Hayward Gallery last month ( The Art Newspaper , p.24 , Jan 1993 , p. 5 ) , Lisson has mounted a survey of the art of the first generation of minimal and conceptual artists .
designed to complement ‘ gravity and grace : the changing [state] of sculpture 1965–1975 ’ which opened at the hayward gallery last month ( the art newspaper , p.24 , jan 1993 , p. 5 ) , lisson has mounted a survey of the art of the first generation of minimal and conceptual artists .

Spitfire restorations to airworthy status have notoriously exceeded initial estimates of timing and cost , irrespective of start point condition .
spitfire restorations to airworthy status have notoriously exceeded initial estimates of timing and cost , irrespective of start point [state] .

‘ All my paintings are ultimately about the human condition , figures doing something or nothing .
‘ all my paintings are ultimately about the human [state] , figures doing something or nothing .

For most of us , our day to day experience of the environment has changed from an essentially static , rural condition to a highly mobile technological one — in less than two centuries .
for most of us , our day to day experience of the environment has changed from an essentially static , rural [state] to a highly mobile technological one — in less than two centuries .

Grossly updating our estimation of surviving Airspeed Oxfords , Jonathan Spinks has found a cache of no less than four substantially complete ( see photos ) airframes and six or so in poor condition at a site in Canada .
grossly updating our estimation of surviving airspeed oxfords , jonathan spinks has found a cache of no less than four substantially complete ( see photos ) airframes and six or so in poor [state] at a site in canada .

Airframe condition was generally very good and mechanical work comprised mainly of fabrication of a few missing panels , removal of surface corrosion and re-assembly , taking in total around 200 manhours .
airframe [state] was generally very good and mechanical work comprised mainly of fabrication of a few missing panels , removal of surface corrosion and re-assembly , taking in total around 200 manhours .

One of the main aims during conservation was to restore to original condition of all areas of the aircraft that were visible , including the interior structure underneath access panels , undercarriage bays , stowage areas etc .
one of the main aims during conservation was to restore to original [state] of all areas of the aircraft that were visible , including the interior structure underneath access panels , undercarriage bays , stowage areas etc .

Courage Ltd , sponsored the restoration to its full 1930s condition of the Members Club and Bar .
courage ltd , sponsored the restoration to its full 1930s [state] of the members club and bar .

Within a few years other reformers , including Wilberforce and Clarkson , recognised that their belief in virtually automatic improvement in the population and condition of slaves was naïve .
within a few years other reformers , including wilberforce and clarkson , recognised that their belief in virtually automatic improvement in the population and [state] of slaves was naïve .

However , while the condition of struggle with the West Indians remained a constant , at least until 1838 , in providing a rationale for national organisations , how they were conceived as operating at various times , and even at the same time by different reformers , varied significantly .
however , while the [state] of struggle with the west indians remained a constant , at least until 1838 , in providing a rationale for national organisations , how they were conceived as operating at various times , and even at the same time by different reformers , varied significantly .

The reprobate ( the condemned ) fall under the judgement imposed on man because Adam broke his ‘ covenant ’ with God , a ‘ covenant of works ’ in which he and his descendants were promised eternal life upon condition of their obedience , which condition he failed to observe , thus plunging himself and all his seed into ruin .
the reprobate ( the condemned ) fall under the judgement imposed on man because adam broke his ‘ covenant ’ with god , a ‘ covenant of works ’ in which he and his descendants were promised eternal life upon [state] of their obedience , which [state] he failed to observe , thus plunging himself and all his seed into ruin .

When adult , Angels come into spawning condition readily , in the presence of other Angels ; separating pairs does not work for me .
when adult , angels come into spawning [state] readily , in the presence of other angels ; separating pairs does not work for me .

The chosen pair were placed in separate tanks and cosseted with all the best foods until the female appeared to be in breeding condition .
the chosen pair were placed in separate tanks and cosseted with all the best foods until the female appeared to be in breeding [state] .

The scales on the lower half of the body carry black marks which show up as a black patterning the intensity of which depends on the fish 's mood and condition .
the scales on the lower half of the body carry black marks which show up as a black patterning the intensity of which depends on the fish 's mood and [state] .

Even in this strict condition , signers performed better than would be expected for two unrelated spoken languages .
even in this strict [state] , signers performed better than would be expected for two unrelated spoken languages .

Figure 10.1 shows the percentage difference in correct identification of stimuli between visual fields for each condition .
figure 10.1 shows the percentage difference in correct identification of stimuli between visual fields for each [state] .

There are significant differences between visual fields for condition ( 1 ) for both deaf and hearing controls and for condition ( 2 ) , but not for conditions ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) .
there are significant differences between visual fields for [state] ( 1 ) for both deaf and hearing controls and for [state] ( 2 ) , but not for conditions ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) .

In this case , condition ( 4 ) shows a significant effect , but not condition ( 3 ) .
in this case , [state] ( 4 ) shows a significant effect , but not [state] ( 3 ) .

The medical world looks for cures and , given a precise diagnosis , will set out a course of treatment which should lead to improvement in the patient 's condition .
the medical world looks for cures and , given a precise diagnosis , will set out a course of treatment which should lead to improvement in the patient 's [state] .

Remove all door furniture , and where the existing paint is in reasonable condition , apply exterior undercoat and high gloss .
remove all door furniture , and where the existing paint is in reasonable [state] , apply exterior undercoat and high gloss .

On collection day , ensure that the hire contract details are correct , and that the equipment is clean , and in good condition .
on collection day , ensure that the hire contract details are correct , and that the equipment is clean , and in good [state] .

If your lawn goes into winter in good condition , it will be off to a good start next year , so prepare it now .
if your lawn goes into winter in good [state] , it will be off to a good start next year , so prepare it now .

If it 's in food condition , do n't bother .
if it 's in food [state] , do n't bother .

Assuming the bricks are in good condition and that the old mortar can be removed , there is no reason why they should not be used again .
assuming the bricks are in good [state] and that the old mortar can be removed , there is no reason why they should not be used again .

Having received the unspoken messages which every corner gives ( the condition of the toilets , the way books in the library are presented , the displays along corridors and in classrooms , the amount of litter around the building , the beauty or devastation of the flower beds , the graffiti on the walls ) judgements are made about school and schooling .
having received the unspoken messages which every corner gives ( the [state] of the toilets , the way books in the library are presented , the displays along corridors and in classrooms , the amount of litter around the building , the beauty or devastation of the flower beds , the graffiti on the walls ) judgements are made about school and schooling .

The worst possible condition that can be envisaged is one in which there is an expert in the plant aiming to do the maximum possible damage and aware of the indications of his actions which are transmitted to the operator — this is not quite science-fiction , it could happen as a form of sabotage , .
the worst possible [state] that can be envisaged is one in which there is an expert in the plant aiming to do the maximum possible damage and aware of the indications of his actions which are transmitted to the operator — this is not quite science-fiction , it could happen as a form of sabotage , .

However , the difficult condition which requires the most consideration because it is not that unlikely is one in which the operator is faced with a situation where various things have gone wrong naturally or by inadvertent human interference in the plant or instrumentation .
however , the difficult [state] which requires the most consideration because it is not that unlikely is one in which the operator is faced with a situation where various things have gone wrong naturally or by inadvertent human interference in the plant or instrumentation .

In fact it almost seems to be a condition of such performance that the exponent must not proceed logically but must temporarily inhibit his conscious critical faculties and accept control by intuition .
in fact it almost seems to be a [state] of such performance that the exponent must not proceed logically but must temporarily inhibit his conscious critical faculties and accept control by intuition .

He continued to box until 1910 when a deteriorating eye condition signalled the end of his active career .
he continued to box until 1910 when a deteriorating eye [state] signalled the end of his active career .

Kane 's first category of race-linked physical and physiological characteristics , then , is in doubt from the start but he delineates them as follows : proportionately longer leg lengths , narrower hips , wider calf bones and greater arm circumference among black athletes than among whites ; a greater ratio of tendon to muscle among blacks , giving rise to the condition typically termed double-jointedness , a relatively dense bone structure ; a basically elongated body structure among black athletes , enabling them to function as more efficient heat dissipators relative to whites ( 1971 , pp.74–5 ) .
kane 's first category of race-linked physical and physiological characteristics , then , is in doubt from the start but he delineates them as follows : proportionately longer leg lengths , narrower hips , wider calf bones and greater arm circumference among black athletes than among whites ; a greater ratio of tendon to muscle among blacks , giving rise to the [state] typically termed double-jointedness , a relatively dense bone structure ; a basically elongated body structure among black athletes , enabling them to function as more efficient heat dissipators relative to whites ( 1971 , pp.74–5 ) .

Maurice Hope held a similar view , though he favoured social rather than genetic factors : ‘ Black people are natural fighters ; they 've been fighting for survival and they 've been in that condition all their lives .
maurice hope held a similar view , though he favoured social rather than genetic factors : ‘ black people are natural fighters ; they 've been fighting for survival and they 've been in that [state] all their lives .

Marcia has put more detail onto the Erikson model and suggests that in going from the initial ego-diffusion condition to that of having achieved ego-identity , two processes are involved : crisis and commitment .
marcia has put more detail onto the erikson model and suggests that in going from the initial ego-diffusion [state] to that of having achieved ego-identity , two processes are involved : crisis and commitment .

The more general international implications of this thesis , however , may require modification since in a country like Sweden , which has a very high level of white-collar union density , government action was apparently not a necessary condition for the growth of such unions ( Adams , 1974 ) .
the more general international implications of this thesis , however , may require modification since in a country like sweden , which has a very high level of white-collar union density , government action was apparently not a necessary [state] for the growth of such unions ( adams , 1974 ) .

Not quite the poverty of no shoes , of basic and meagre food , no possessions other than the most rudimentary necessities — but too near that for comfort and he knew plenty who were in that condition .
not quite the poverty of no shoes , of basic and meagre food , no possessions other than the most rudimentary necessities — but too near that for comfort and he knew plenty who were in that [state] .

Set against these points is the familiar maintenance problem : softwood windows need regular decoration to keep rot at bay , and even hardwoods require regular treatment with preservative and stain to keep then in good condition .
set against these points is the familiar maintenance problem : softwood windows need regular decoration to keep rot at bay , and even hardwoods require regular treatment with preservative and stain to keep then in good [state] .

While the large Oxford English Dictionary defines modernity as ‘ the quality or condition of being modern ’ , this is not how the word is really used on either side of the Atlantic .
while the large oxford english dictionary defines modernity as ‘ the quality or [state] of being modern ’ , this is not how the word is really used on either side of the atlantic .

The end of the bedstead was only a few inches away from the drawers , but in her new tiny condition it appeared to be miles .
the end of the bedstead was only a few inches away from the drawers , but in her new tiny [state] it appeared to be miles .

However , the ability to jump was the only pleasant aspect of Mildred 's new condition and a sudden , hot wave of panic seized her .
however , the ability to jump was the only pleasant aspect of mildred 's new [state] and a sudden , hot wave of panic seized her .

The miners ' representatives had not even pressed for a free trade union , though they had demanded the removal of trade union officials whom they did not like or trust . Ceauşescu was happy to meet this condition : for him , as for any true follower of Lenin , a trade union was ‘ a transmission belt of authority ’ ; if the union officials could not get the workers to meet their targets , failed to anticipate strikes , and then did not resolve them at once , what use were they to the regime ?
the miners ' representatives had not even pressed for a free trade union , though they had demanded the removal of trade union officials whom they did not like or trust . ceauşescu was happy to meet this [state] : for him , as for any true follower of lenin , a trade union was ‘ a transmission belt of authority ’ ; if the union officials could not get the workers to meet their targets , failed to anticipate strikes , and then did not resolve them at once , what use were they to the regime ?

The unsanitary condition of almost every orphanage or home for the disabled or mental asylum is striking testimony to the distorted priorities of the regime .
the unsanitary [state] of almost every orphanage or home for the disabled or mental asylum is striking testimony to the distorted priorities of the regime .

The object of all communist regimes , in theory at any rate , was to facilitate the transformation of humankind from its distorted and unhappy capitalist condition into a new type of person , ‘ the New Man ’ .
the object of all communist regimes , in theory at any rate , was to facilitate the transformation of humankind from its distorted and unhappy capitalist [state] into a new type of person , ‘ the new man ’ .

Moreover , since their condition limits their ability to pick up and assimilate new words and to understand the subtleties of language , the problem becomes greater as more specialised vocabulary and abstract terms are introduced .
moreover , since their [state] limits their ability to pick up and assimilate new words and to understand the subtleties of language , the problem becomes greater as more specialised vocabulary and abstract terms are introduced .

The Payment of Wages Act allows employers to make it a condition of employment that new employees should be paid through a bank , but prohibits them from doing this with existing employees ( though of course individual existing employees can agree voluntarily to accept bank-account payment ) .
the payment of wages act allows employers to make it a [state] of employment that new employees should be paid through a bank , but prohibits them from doing this with existing employees ( though of course individual existing employees can agree voluntarily to accept bank-account payment ) .

The lower scores women might get because of such characteristics would not amount to an absolute condition or requirement which the women failed to meet [ for that , refusal would have to be automatic if , say , someone did not have a bank account ] .
the lower scores women might get because of such characteristics would not amount to an absolute [state] or requirement which the women failed to meet [ for that , refusal would have to be automatic if , say , someone did not have a bank account ] .

Moreover , even if an absolute condition of that sort discriminated against women , it would be permissible if it were objectively justifiable in the circumstances — if , say , people without bank accounts were clearly unreliable payers .
moreover , even if an absolute [state] of that sort discriminated against women , it would be permissible if it were objectively justifiable in the circumstances — if , say , people without bank accounts were clearly unreliable payers .

We believe that a way forward through the practical difficulties rehearsed above might be a simple requirement that a lender refusing a credit application ( or requiring special conditions ) should state the reason in whatever terms he wished ; and that this requirement should be coupled to a requirement that ( as a condition of their Consumer Credit Act licence ) lenders should each make a statement of their lending practice to the Director General of Fair Trading .
we believe that a way forward through the practical difficulties rehearsed above might be a simple requirement that a lender refusing a credit application ( or requiring special conditions ) should state the reason in whatever terms he wished ; and that this requirement should be coupled to a requirement that ( as a [state] of their consumer credit act licence ) lenders should each make a statement of their lending practice to the director general of fair trading .

The run of good weather brought the high mountain crags into condition early this year , allowing Martin Berzins to tidy up one of his previous efforts on Scafell .
the run of good weather brought the high mountain crags into [state] early this year , allowing martin berzins to tidy up one of his previous efforts on scafell .

Bike wanted , any condition , for New Milns Christian Centre see
bike wanted , any [state] , for new milns christian centre see

But he did not think her condition critical .
but he did not think her [state] critical .

Benny wondered was there a condition which might be known as Rage .
benny wondered was there a [state] which might be known as rage .

Because that was definitely what she felt her condition to be .
because that was definitely what she felt her [state] to be .

You can also use this treatment on flat roofs which are in poor condition .
you can also use this treatment on flat roofs which are in poor [state] .

The seriousness of this condition should not be minimised .
the seriousness of this [state] should not be minimised .

Sammy was presently delivering one of our Nautor Swans to its Massachusetts owner ; many of the charter yachts were privately owned and only leased into Cutwater 's care on condition that we delivered them back to their owners for the northern summer .
sammy was presently delivering one of our nautor swans to its massachusetts owner ; many of the charter yachts were privately owned and only leased into cutwater 's care on [state] that we delivered them back to their owners for the northern summer .

They also had to share ordinary police duties with Royal Military Police in order to give the latter civilian experience and to condition the public to being policed by them .
they also had to share ordinary police duties with royal military police in order to give the latter civilian experience and to [state] the public to being policed by them .

12.1 Except to the extent that liability may by statute not lawfully be excluded in an Agreement of this nature and between the respective Parties hereto , any statement , condition or warranty , expressed or implied , statutory or otherwise , as to the quality , marketability , suitability or fitness for any particular purpose of the Licensed Software is hereby excluded and shall not be liable to or to any other persons for loss or damage , whether direct or consequential , arising directly or indirectly from the use of the Licensed Software or any modification or enhancement thereof and any documentation , manual or training relating thereto .
12.1 except to the extent that liability may by statute not lawfully be excluded in an agreement of this nature and between the respective parties hereto , any statement , [state] or warranty , expressed or implied , statutory or otherwise , as to the quality , marketability , suitability or fitness for any particular purpose of the licensed software is hereby excluded and shall not be liable to or to any other persons for loss or damage , whether direct or consequential , arising directly or indirectly from the use of the licensed software or any modification or enhancement thereof and any documentation , manual or training relating thereto .

21.1 In the event that any or any part of the terms , conditions or provisions contained in this Agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms , conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law .
21.1 in the event that any or any part of the terms , conditions or provisions contained in this agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , [state] or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms , conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law .

6.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition
6.2 the failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or [state]

7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .
7.2 the failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or [state] .

7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .
7.2 the failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or [state] .

7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .
7.2 the failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or [state] .

The full set has over 1,300 hand-coloured plates and is now worth upwards of £1,000 in good condition .
the full set has over 1,300 hand-coloured plates and is now worth upwards of £1,000 in good [state] .

John Gould 's Birds of Great Britain in five large volumes , 1862–73 , with every tiny iridescent feather almost as meticulously coloured as its Maker fashioned it , has reached some £14,000 and regularly fluctuates , according to condition , in the £6,000-£10,000 bracket .
john gould 's birds of great britain in five large volumes , 1862–73 , with every tiny iridescent feather almost as meticulously coloured as its maker fashioned it , has reached some £14,000 and regularly fluctuates , according to [state] , in the £6,000-£10,000 bracket .

For a great book by a great man , in the original holland-backed boards , collectors do not begrudge £3,000-£4,000 , according to condition .
for a great book by a great man , in the original holland-backed boards , collectors do not begrudge £3,000-£4,000 , according to [state] .

The importance of format and condition , with even such small matters as the presence or absence of silk ties affecting the value .
the importance of format and [state] , with even such small matters as the presence or absence of silk ties affecting the value .

It is a very good question , and if you are happy with your own charming and heterogeneous muddle of editions , impressions , issues and bindings , early or late , in good condition or bad , God bless you .
it is a very good question , and if you are happy with your own charming and heterogeneous muddle of editions , impressions , issues and bindings , early or late , in good [state] or bad , god bless you .

Completeness and Condition
completeness and [state]

The condition of a book must be seen to be realised , and condition more than anything else nowadays dictates value and will continue to dictate it .
the [state] of a book must be seen to be realised , and [state] more than anything else nowadays dictates value and will continue to dictate it .

The importance of general condition can not be overstressed .
the importance of general [state] can not be overstressed .

Completeness and condition are two different things ; for a book can be complete but in very poor condition and , conversely , incomplete but otherwise in very good state .
completeness and [state] are two different things ; for a book can be complete but in very poor [state] and , conversely , incomplete but otherwise in very good state .

The booksellers ' and auctioneers ' vocabulary concerning condition is a very extensive one and varies greatly from cataloguer to cataloguer .
the booksellers ' and auctioneers ' vocabulary concerning [state] is a very extensive one and varies greatly from cataloguer to cataloguer .

Better ten books in good condition than a hundred cripples .
better ten books in good [state] than a hundred cripples .

There are certain books , in almost any field , that are so rare that the collector is very unlikely to find a copy in good condition and , perforce , will have to make do with second , third , or tenth best .
there are certain books , in almost any field , that are so rare that the collector is very unlikely to find a copy in good [state] and , perforce , will have to make do with second , third , or tenth best .

It is comforting that requirements of condition are not so exacting as in the printed book world .
it is comforting that requirements of [state] are not so exacting as in the printed book world .

Elites always try to rationalize their rule , both to themselves and to maintain the masses in a quiescent condition , using ‘ political formulae ’ or other modes of self-justification ( Mosca , 1939 ; Weber , 1968 ) .
elites always try to rationalize their rule , both to themselves and to maintain the masses in a quiescent [state] , using ‘ political formulae ’ or other modes of self-justification ( mosca , 1939 ; weber , 1968 ) .

Such an attempt presupposes knowledge of a world where people are free of power relations , a world which would not be recognizably human , since power is basic to the human condition ( Wrong , 1979 ) .
such an attempt presupposes knowledge of a world where people are free of power relations , a world which would not be recognizably human , since power is basic to the human [state] ( wrong , 1979 ) .

The war on the Western Front in 1917 — 18 had turned Chesterton into an alcoholic , a condition which he finally controlled in the later 1930s , thanks to the generosity of Mosley who financed his cure at a special clinic in Germany .
the war on the western front in 1917 — 18 had turned chesterton into an alcoholic , a [state] which he finally controlled in the later 1930s , thanks to the generosity of mosley who financed his cure at a special clinic in germany .

Ethnocentricity is the natural condition of mankind .
ethnocentricity is the natural [state] of mankind .

We discover how exotic peoples meet the universal basic human needs of food , shelter and sex in unexpected ways and with highly original and thought-provoking theories about the meaning of life and the nature of the human condition ; in so doing we begin to perceive the relativity and arbitrariness of our own basic postulates .
we discover how exotic peoples meet the universal basic human needs of food , shelter and sex in unexpected ways and with highly original and thought-provoking theories about the meaning of life and the nature of the human [state] ; in so doing we begin to perceive the relativity and arbitrariness of our own basic postulates .

These latter are exceedingly demanding ; treatment consists of discovering their requirements and agreeing to them on condition that the human victim is released from their power .
these latter are exceedingly demanding ; treatment consists of discovering their requirements and agreeing to them on [state] that the human victim is released from their power .

They may fear that the condition of the person they care for might become common knowledge in the neighbourhood , and prefer the anonymity afforded by distant , specialized , non-local treatment facilities .
they may fear that the [state] of the person they care for might become common knowledge in the neighbourhood , and prefer the anonymity afforded by distant , specialized , non-local treatment facilities .

Disappointingly there was little evidence of any change in the condition of attenders over the course of two years from the interviewing of the original sample .
disappointingly there was little evidence of any change in the [state] of attenders over the course of two years from the interviewing of the original sample .

The Royal Africa Company had to provide slaves for English colonists as a condition of keeping the charter which gave it the monopoly of the trade , and the colonists added to the injury of leaving their debts unpaid the insult of complaining that too few slaves were being delivered .
the royal africa company had to provide slaves for english colonists as a [state] of keeping the charter which gave it the monopoly of the trade , and the colonists added to the injury of leaving their debts unpaid the insult of complaining that too few slaves were being delivered .

He put her on probation for three years on condition she remained an in-patient at a psychiatric hospital .
he put her on probation for three years on [state] she remained an in-patient at a psychiatric hospital .

it is a condition that can be acquired , to distinguish it from some similar conditions that some people are born with .
it is a [state] that can be acquired , to distinguish it from some similar conditions that some people are born with .

‘ Both locos are in first class condition once again , and , in the run-up to our gala , the two Hunslets will have been restored on passenger trains .
‘ both locos are in first class [state] once again , and , in the run-up to our gala , the two hunslets will have been restored on passenger trains .

The Earth 's topography is the boundary condition on the solid Earth and is the surface on which we live .
the earth 's topography is the boundary [state] on the solid earth and is the surface on which we live .

The general condition of the boiler is very good and there appears to be not a great deal of work to be done .
the general [state] of the boiler is very good and there appears to be not a great deal of work to be done .

The particular needs of children with defective sight call for a report on the child 's eye condition or cause of defective vision from an ophthalmologist , and a report is also requested from the educational advisory service for the visually handicapped .
the particular needs of children with defective sight call for a report on the child 's eye [state] or cause of defective vision from an ophthalmologist , and a report is also requested from the educational advisory service for the visually handicapped .

Pupils can sometimes be diffident in expressing their anxieties about their visual condition and may be greatly helped if they can talk to someone knowledgeable and experienced in such matters who is unlikely to be surprised by incidents which can be a worry to some youngsters , such as , for instance , a glass eye lost in the swimming pool or the effect of strong light on a photophobic ( averse to glare ) pupil which makes him sit with closed eyes .
pupils can sometimes be diffident in expressing their anxieties about their visual [state] and may be greatly helped if they can talk to someone knowledgeable and experienced in such matters who is unlikely to be surprised by incidents which can be a worry to some youngsters , such as , for instance , a glass eye lost in the swimming pool or the effect of strong light on a photophobic ( averse to glare ) pupil which makes him sit with closed eyes .

Moreover , in the interests of the pupil a balance needs to be struck between the extremes of over-preoccupation with the medical aspects of the pupil 's visual condition and ignorance of facts that could help the teacher to understand the child 's special needs and find ways to fulfil them .
moreover , in the interests of the pupil a balance needs to be struck between the extremes of over-preoccupation with the medical aspects of the pupil 's visual [state] and ignorance of facts that could help the teacher to understand the child 's special needs and find ways to fulfil them .

The prognosis of the condition is highly relevant since it may indicate increasing difficulty in using printed material .
the prognosis of the [state] is highly relevant since it may indicate increasing difficulty in using printed material .

Visual functioning is related in part to the condition of the eye .
visual functioning is related in part to the [state] of the eye .

But it is here presented to the teacher as the basic condition of the child , offering a challenge that the potentially handicapping effect of lack of vision or defective vision can be overcome or minimised through appropriate education , social opportunities and the provision of well-chosen aids and equipment .
but it is here presented to the teacher as the basic [state] of the child , offering a challenge that the potentially handicapping effect of lack of vision or defective vision can be overcome or minimised through appropriate education , social opportunities and the provision of well-chosen aids and equipment .

Disease of and damage to the macula , the central area of the retina used to discriminate fine detail , can give rise to these effects and precise information about the child 's eye condition is needed in order to understand the reason for these apparent anomalies .
disease of and damage to the macula , the central area of the retina used to discriminate fine detail , can give rise to these effects and precise information about the child 's eye [state] is needed in order to understand the reason for these apparent anomalies .

Although it is sometimes simulated by looking through a peephole , this gives only a crude approximation of the condition .
although it is sometimes simulated by looking through a peephole , this gives only a crude approximation of the [state] .

The condition ( hemianopia ) usually causes problems with visual tracking as in scanning along a line or print .
the [state] ( hemianopia ) usually causes problems with visual tracking as in scanning along a line or print .

Activities involving the close use of vision can be tiring for children with this condition , and stress or excitement seem in some cases to exacerbate it .
activities involving the close use of vision can be tiring for children with this [state] , and stress or excitement seem in some cases to exacerbate it .

This is an inherited condition , involving the loss of pigment in the hair , skin and eyes .
this is an inherited [state] , involving the loss of pigment in the hair , skin and eyes .

Many are a temporary condition but there are certain types which are difficult to treat and last for a long time .
many are a temporary [state] but there are certain types which are difficult to treat and last for a long time .

It is a condition in which the pressure within the eye is increased , due to faulty drainage of the aqueous ( Figure 2 ) .
it is a [state] in which the pressure within the eye is increased , due to faulty drainage of the aqueous ( figure 2 ) .

Glasses will not help this condition , nor will the enlargement of print .
glasses will not help this [state] , nor will the enlargement of print .

The condition is usually associated with other problems , such as albinism .
the [state] is usually associated with other problems , such as albinism .

Convex lenses can help this condition .
convex lenses can help this [state] .

In this condition the eye has a misshapen curve and this produces a distorted image on the retina .
in this [state] the eye has a misshapen curve and this produces a distorted image on the retina .

It is a hereditary condition and different forms have different types of inheritance .
it is a hereditary [state] and different forms have different types of inheritance .

The condition affects the peripheral area of the retina , including the rod cells which help vision in poor light , and can result in progressive ‘ tunnel vision ’ and ‘ night blindness ’ , the inability to see in the dark .
the [state] affects the peripheral area of the retina , including the rod cells which help vision in poor light , and can result in progressive ‘ tunnel vision ’ and ‘ night blindness ’ , the inability to see in the dark .

Since the condition often occurs in the secondary-school years , the young person may not only be faced with the trauma of the diagnosis and the confusion of being still able to see clearly in some situations and not at all in others , but there may also have to be a decision to transfer the medium of communication from print to braille , all this taking place in the years leading up to important examinations .
since the [state] often occurs in the secondary-school years , the young person may not only be faced with the trauma of the diagnosis and the confusion of being still able to see clearly in some situations and not at all in others , but there may also have to be a decision to transfer the medium of communication from print to braille , all this taking place in the years leading up to important examinations .

Unfortunately , this is often a bilateral condition so both eyes may have to be removed .
unfortunately , this is often a bilateral [state] so both eyes may have to be removed .

Both pupils and their parents need to know that spectacles will neither cure a visual condition , nor hasten its deterioration ; they will simply give necessary correction to vision in appropriate cases whilst they are being worn .
both pupils and their parents need to know that spectacles will neither cure a visual [state] , nor hasten its deterioration ; they will simply give necessary correction to vision in appropriate cases whilst they are being worn .

The need to store and maintain specialised equipment in good condition is a problem that has to be faced by schools accepting pupils who need to use these in order to fulfil their special educational needs .
the need to store and maintain specialised equipment in good [state] is a problem that has to be faced by schools accepting pupils who need to use these in order to fulfil their special educational needs .

Keeping braillers , typewriters and even magnifiers in their cases , or at least under covers when not in use , helps to maintain them in good condition , since dust and grime can cause damaged surfaces .
keeping braillers , typewriters and even magnifiers in their cases , or at least under covers when not in use , helps to maintain them in good [state] , since dust and grime can cause damaged surfaces .

There may be pupils whose eye condition makes it difficult to tolerate bright light and who suffer to some extent from photophobia ( for instance those who are albinos or who have coloboma ) .
there may be pupils whose eye [state] makes it difficult to tolerate bright light and who suffer to some extent from photophobia ( for instance those who are albinos or who have coloboma ) .

If you encounter a specific behavioural problem later , it may also be worth discussing this with your vet in case a medical condition could be responsible , and treatment can be provided .
if you encounter a specific behavioural problem later , it may also be worth discussing this with your vet in case a medical [state] could be responsible , and treatment can be provided .

The distressing condition of coprophagy , when the dog consumes its excrement , is just such a case .
the distressing [state] of coprophagy , when the dog consumes its excrement , is just such a case .

This is likely to cause torsion of the stomach , which is a serious and life-threatening condition .
this is likely to cause torsion of the stomach , which is a serious and life-threatening [state] .

Nevertheless , it is a serious condition if the eye is affected , and sensible precautionary measures should be taken .
nevertheless , it is a serious [state] if the eye is affected , and sensible precautionary measures should be taken .

These factors in turn give rise to the condition which is described as submissive urination .
these factors in turn give rise to the [state] which is described as submissive urination .

Signs of a roundworm infection in puppies are likely to be a pot-bellied appearance and poor coat condition .
signs of a roundworm infection in puppies are likely to be a pot-bellied appearance and poor coat [state] .

Again , apart from alerting you to the likely development of a problem here , such inspections will help to ensure that even with a painful condition , the dog will have sufficient confidence to allow you to treat it without attempting to snap or simply pulling its head away repeatedly .
again , apart from alerting you to the likely development of a problem here , such inspections will help to ensure that even with a painful [state] , the dog will have sufficient confidence to allow you to treat it without attempting to snap or simply pulling its head away repeatedly .

It is especially important in these cases to apply the medication effectively in order to cure the condition .
it is especially important in these cases to apply the medication effectively in order to cure the [state] .

This is a very painful condition , and there is a risk that the seed responsible may track further up the leg .
this is a very painful [state] , and there is a risk that the seed responsible may track further up the leg .

Indeed , if neglected , a dog 's coat may become so tangled and matted that the poor creature will have to be anaesthetized in order to restore its coat to a good condition .
indeed , if neglected , a dog 's coat may become so tangled and matted that the poor creature will have to be anaesthetized in order to restore its coat to a good [state] .

This condition , described as ‘ fly strike ’ , can prove fatal , since the maggots liberate toxins into the blood stream , as well as permitting infection of the bodily tissues .
this [state] , described as ‘ fly strike ’ , can prove fatal , since the maggots liberate toxins into the blood stream , as well as permitting infection of the bodily tissues .

There is also a specific condition affecting some bitches called pseudo-pregnancy , which can result in displays of unexpected aggression .
there is also a specific [state] affecting some bitches called pseudo-pregnancy , which can result in displays of unexpected aggression .

Again , however , it is important to try to establish the cause of the condition , which is most common in the case of dogs which have not been properly socialized early in life .
again , however , it is important to try to establish the cause of the [state] , which is most common in the case of dogs which have not been properly socialized early in life .

If a dog has a good appetite but seems to be losing weight , it may be suffering from a condition known as pancreatic insufficiency .
if a dog has a good appetite but seems to be losing weight , it may be suffering from a [state] known as pancreatic insufficiency .

Early diagnosis will help to minimize the resulting weight loss which can be difficult to make up , even once the condition itself is being treated .
early diagnosis will help to minimize the resulting weight loss which can be difficult to make up , even once the [state] itself is being treated .

Congenital deafness is more commonly associated with some dogs than others — white boxers , for example , are prone to this condition .
congenital deafness is more commonly associated with some dogs than others — white boxers , for example , are prone to this [state] .

Hip dysplasia is most commonly associated with large breeds , and puppies at just five months old may suffer pain from this condition .
hip dysplasia is most commonly associated with large breeds , and puppies at just five months old may suffer pain from this [state] .

You should avoid long runs , however , because these are likely to aggravate the condition .
you should avoid long runs , however , because these are likely to aggravate the [state] .

According to Piaroa theory , the human condition is unique in that humans are the only beings that are today able to achieve a social life and to live in a community .
according to piaroa theory , the human [state] is unique in that humans are the only beings that are today able to achieve a social life and to live in a community .

While the chassis , frame and window arrangements are the original and are in good condition , the greatest challenge facing the Society will be the provision of a power bogie , engine and cab .
while the chassis , frame and window arrangements are the original and are in good [state] , the greatest challenge facing the society will be the provision of a power bogie , engine and cab .

Females that have struggled to obtain enough food throughout the winter and emerge in spring in poor condition , may fail to conceive , or may give birth to a weak and sickly kid .
females that have struggled to obtain enough food throughout the winter and emerge in spring in poor [state] , may fail to conceive , or may give birth to a weak and sickly kid .

The purpose of this lip curl is to lodge the scent or taste of the female 's urine in a particularly sensitive part of his nasal cavity , the Jacobson 's organ , so that he can assess the female 's reproductive condition .
the purpose of this lip curl is to lodge the scent or taste of the female 's urine in a particularly sensitive part of his nasal cavity , the jacobson 's organ , so that he can assess the female 's reproductive [state] .

The long fast during the rut , together with fighting and mating , may leave the male in poor condition for the winter .
the long fast during the rut , together with fighting and mating , may leave the male in poor [state] for the winter .

Asking himself whether there was any point in going to bed … ? What sort of man … this letter business did n't ring true at all … that they had taken the two girls and released one could simply mean a problem of identification , although even that was unlikely , but to send a first message before the parents had time to become frantic , possibly before they even knew … the whole thing could be a hoax , and yet the girl 's condition … a hoax gone wrong ! Impossible to judge anyway without reading the thing when they got out there … whether it was worthwhile going to bed at five-forty-five in the morning ? What sort of Substitute Prosecutor was this going to be ?
asking himself whether there was any point in going to bed … ? what sort of man … this letter business did n't ring true at all … that they had taken the two girls and released one could simply mean a problem of identification , although even that was unlikely , but to send a first message before the parents had time to become frantic , possibly before they even knew … the whole thing could be a hoax , and yet the girl 's [state] … a hoax gone wrong ! impossible to judge anyway without reading the thing when they got out there … whether it was worthwhile going to bed at five-forty-five in the morning ? what sort of substitute prosecutor was this going to be ?

’ This remark did not , as his passengers might have thought , refer either to the condition of the road or to his not having thought on about Easter , but to the problem of where the other two were going to eat lunch .
’ this remark did not , as his passengers might have thought , refer either to the [state] of the road or to his not having thought on about easter , but to the problem of where the other two were going to eat lunch .

When Rosalind and Philip first moved in , it was in a pretty parlous condition , with , amongst other nightmares , an elder tree with its roots in the great hall and its branches spreading in through the windows .
when rosalind and philip first moved in , it was in a pretty parlous [state] , with , amongst other nightmares , an elder tree with its roots in the great hall and its branches spreading in through the windows .

Thanks to the condition of the atmosphere above it this body of water may appear , at closer quarters , either tranquil or chaotic , storm-swept or calm .
thanks to the [state] of the atmosphere above it this body of water may appear , at closer quarters , either tranquil or chaotic , storm-swept or calm .

‘ For thus , Yeremi Valence , is the condition of the galaxy itself .
‘ for thus , yeremi valence , is the [state] of the galaxy itself .

Progressively the cadets were approaching the transhuman condition of Rogal Dorn , though they would never equal their Primarch .
progressively the cadets were approaching the transhuman [state] of rogal dorn , though they would never equal their primarch .

Homelessness is a social phenomenon , not part of the human condition , and has been created in part by economic policies which have deterred local councils , housing associations and private property owners from maintaining or developing low rental housing .
homelessness is a social phenomenon , not part of the human [state] , and has been created in part by economic policies which have deterred local councils , housing associations and private property owners from maintaining or developing low rental housing .

When land becomes available the agent will circulate the details of the site , including acreage , planning condition and possibly a photograph , together With the method of sale — auction , tender , offers or private treaty .
when land becomes available the agent will circulate the details of the site , including acreage , planning [state] and possibly a photograph , together with the method of sale — auction , tender , offers or private treaty .

Where boundary fences are in poor condition , the estimated cost of rectification should be assessed as part of the financial appraisal .
where boundary fences are in poor [state] , the estimated cost of rectification should be assessed as part of the financial appraisal .

Ownership , location and condition of site boundaries
ownership , location and [state] of site boundaries

Where the vendor has a continued interest in adjoining land , each time any part of the land is sold , he may impose virtually any condition which is acceptable to the purchaser .
where the vendor has a continued interest in adjoining land , each time any part of the land is sold , he may impose virtually any [state] which is acceptable to the purchaser .

In order to match costs and revenue , cost of stock should comprise that expenditure which has been incurred in the normal course of business in bringing the product to its present location and condition .
in order to match costs and revenue , cost of stock should comprise that expenditure which has been incurred in the normal course of business in bringing the product to its present location and [state] .

( c ) Other overheads , if any , attributable in the particular circumstances of the business , to bringing the product or service to its present location and condition . ’
( c ) other overheads , if any , attributable in the particular circumstances of the business , to bringing the product or service to its present location and [state] . ’

‘ Well , we 'll get a list of everything on board plus the age of the boat , condition , everything like that .
‘ well , we 'll get a list of everything on board plus the age of the boat , [state] , everything like that .

One night about a month ago Tod woke up in an unusually desperate condition , half clothed , in fact , and with everything intolerably slewing around him — as if the bedroom was moored to a loosening capstan inside his gut , where his secret moans .
one night about a month ago tod woke up in an unusually desperate [state] , half clothed , in fact , and with everything intolerably slewing around him — as if the bedroom was moored to a loosening capstan inside his gut , where his secret moans .

My condition is a torn condition .
my [state] is a torn [state] .

Herta responds with gratitude , and with an apparently unbounded tenderness , never seen before … Erotic rapture , it transpires , is in a sense a reptilian condition .
herta responds with gratitude , and with an apparently unbounded tenderness , never seen before … erotic rapture , it transpires , is in a sense a reptilian [state] .

Blind and deaf Jews can now wear armbands identifying their condition in traffic .
blind and deaf jews can now wear armbands identifying their [state] in traffic .

Despite the fact that Bill was in his mid-fifties and had a chronic heart condition , which meant he could only play for a maximum of five minutes a match , it was a good move on Fred 's part as the pub owned the cricket pitch at the rear and naturally , as captain , Bill felt obliged to hand it over to the club , and so ‘ The Tip ’ was born .
despite the fact that bill was in his mid-fifties and had a chronic heart [state] , which meant he could only play for a maximum of five minutes a match , it was a good move on fred 's part as the pub owned the cricket pitch at the rear and naturally , as captain , bill felt obliged to hand it over to the club , and so ‘ the tip ’ was born .

Ironically , during the war years , the pitch was in better condition than it had ever been , as it was given over to the growing of carrots and potatoes .
ironically , during the war years , the pitch was in better [state] than it had ever been , as it was given over to the growing of carrots and potatoes .

Bill , who rarely played more than five minutes in any game because of a heart condition , was one of that rare breed who made the art of football look deceptively simple .
bill , who rarely played more than five minutes in any game because of a heart [state] , was one of that rare breed who made the art of football look deceptively simple .

The enforceability of collusive agreements by some means can , therefore , be taken as a necessary condition for their existence .
the enforceability of collusive agreements by some means can , therefore , be taken as a necessary [state] for their existence .

We shall consider at some length below circumstances under which this condition is met even when enforcement through the courts is not available .
we shall consider at some length below circumstances under which this [state] is met even when enforcement through the courts is not available .

It is true that in Dudley and Stephens the jury found that the boy was in a much weaker condition than the others and was likely to have died before them .
it is true that in dudley and stephens the jury found that the boy was in a much weaker [state] than the others and was likely to have died before them .

Issue ( i ) turns on the difficult distinction between consideration and the performance of a condition precedent to a gratuitous promise , or if you like on the equally difficult question of intent to contract .
issue ( i ) turns on the difficult distinction between consideration and the performance of a [state] precedent to a gratuitous promise , or if you like on the equally difficult question of intent to contract .

‘ They 're in such good condition for antiques , ’ she continued , examining another .
‘ they 're in such good [state] for antiques , ’ she continued , examining another .

‘ The condition of the wounded worsens steadily , ’ the junior continued .
‘ the [state] of the wounded worsens steadily , ’ the junior continued .

In her desperate condition , stuck on some rock of a planet without a trace of memory as to how she had got there , the drink felt pretty much like her only reason for living .
in her desperate [state] , stuck on some rock of a planet without a trace of memory as to how she had got there , the drink felt pretty much like her only reason for living .

She had followed the tracks of Rodomonte and Molassi through the city and into the cone shaped building , her poor physical condition blinding her archaeological curiosity .
she had followed the tracks of rodomonte and molassi through the city and into the cone shaped building , her poor physical [state] blinding her archaeological curiosity .

‘ Sorry ? ’ enquired the Doctor , worried that her condition had worsened suddenly .
‘ sorry ? ’ enquired the doctor , worried that her [state] had worsened suddenly .

But even if you were you need n't expend any sympathy on my behalf — my tonsured condition is a matter of design rather than accident .
but even if you were you need n't expend any sympathy on my behalf — my tonsured [state] is a matter of design rather than accident .

The middle paragraph , which summarizes Sadat 's condition on arriving at the hospital and the doctors ' report , is expanded into three pages in the Arabic version .
the middle paragraph , which summarizes sadat 's [state] on arriving at the hospital and the doctors ' report , is expanded into three pages in the arabic version .

In the above examples , the choice of This paper as subject satisfies this condition of impersonality .
in the above examples , the choice of this paper as subject satisfies this [state] of impersonality .

In a typical 16th century English charter party the owner of the vessel acknowledged , directly or through the ship 's master , that : 1 ) he had let the ship and promised to prepare it , by a fixed date , to take in the goods provided by the charterer ; 2 ) the ship would sail with the first convenient wind to the stipulated port ; 3 ) in accordance with a receipt or bill of lading he would deliver the goods in good condition to the designated person ; 4 ) the ship would remain at that port for a fixed period to take in such goods as the charter party nominee party needed to reload , and that the ship would then return to the port of origin , and deliver the reloaded goods in good condition ; and 5 ) the crew would be as described , and would be furnished with the proper gear .
in a typical 16th century english charter party the owner of the vessel acknowledged , directly or through the ship 's master , that : 1 ) he had let the ship and promised to prepare it , by a fixed date , to take in the goods provided by the charterer ; 2 ) the ship would sail with the first convenient wind to the stipulated port ; 3 ) in accordance with a receipt or bill of lading he would deliver the goods in good [state] to the designated person ; 4 ) the ship would remain at that port for a fixed period to take in such goods as the charter party nominee party needed to reload , and that the ship would then return to the port of origin , and deliver the reloaded goods in good [state] ; and 5 ) the crew would be as described , and would be furnished with the proper gear .

The ocean carrier in the Roman receptum nautae was liable to his consignee to deliver the goods at the end of the journey in the same condition as delivered to him by the consignor , even if the damage occurred without the carrier 's fault .
the ocean carrier in the roman receptum nautae was liable to his consignee to deliver the goods at the end of the journey in the same [state] as delivered to him by the consignor , even if the damage occurred without the carrier 's fault .

The requirement of an indication of the apparent order or condition of the goods encouraged the use of clauses or notations such as ‘ shipper 's load and count , ’ ‘ shipper 's description , ’ and ‘ said to contain .
the requirement of an indication of the apparent order or [state] of the goods encouraged the use of clauses or notations such as ‘ shipper 's load and count , ’ ‘ shipper 's description , ’ and ‘ said to contain .

’ From the carrier 's standpoint , these as well as any other clauses or notations that indicated apparent irregularities made legal sense because they protected it from the allegation that the goods had been delivered in a sound condition and could have been damaged only because of improper loading , stowing , or care .
’ from the carrier 's standpoint , these as well as any other clauses or notations that indicated apparent irregularities made legal sense because they protected it from the allegation that the goods had been delivered in a sound [state] and could have been damaged only because of improper loading , stowing , or care .

Prominent among these requirements were : a ) the leading marks necessary for identification of the goods ; b ) either the number of packages or pieces , or the quantity or weight ; and c ) the apparent order and condition of the goods .
prominent among these requirements were : a ) the leading marks necessary for identification of the goods ; b ) either the number of packages or pieces , or the quantity or weight ; and c ) the apparent order and [state] of the goods .

Indeed , because of the insurance contribution condition , the opposite is the case , particularly in relation to the unskilled .
indeed , because of the insurance contribution [state] , the opposite is the case , particularly in relation to the unskilled .

Second there is general agreement that a minimum level of literacy is a necessary but not a sufficient condition for the process of industrialisation .
second there is general agreement that a minimum level of literacy is a necessary but not a sufficient [state] for the process of industrialisation .

Moreover , during the 1930s , employers did not need to seek the help of the courts , the unions being in a weak condition .
moreover , during the 1930s , employers did not need to seek the help of the courts , the unions being in a weak [state] .

It is a condition of an application for judicial review that the applicant shall have ‘ a sufficient interest ’ in the matter .
it is a [state] of an application for judicial review that the applicant shall have ‘ a sufficient interest ’ in the matter .

In 1953 , such a territory was alien , almost invisible , a schizo-world of as yet unimagined pleasure ; yet today it is disturbingly familiar , this condition described by Jameson as living ‘ in a perpetual present and in a perpetual change that obliterates traditions of the kind which all earlier social formations have had in one way or another to preserve ’ .
in 1953 , such a territory was alien , almost invisible , a schizo-world of as yet unimagined pleasure ; yet today it is disturbingly familiar , this [state] described by jameson as living ‘ in a perpetual present and in a perpetual change that obliterates traditions of the kind which all earlier social formations have had in one way or another to preserve ’ .

‘ You 're sure that 's all it is ? You do n't want to go taking chances in your condition . ’
‘ you 're sure that 's all it is ? you do n't want to go taking chances in your [state] . ’

When she found that she was pregnant , she turned to her older sister for help , and since the O'Dells knew that Mr Marriner had been paying court to Moira , they assumed he was responsible for her condition .
when she found that she was pregnant , she turned to her older sister for help , and since the o'dells knew that mr marriner had been paying court to moira , they assumed he was responsible for her [state] .

‘ Truth to material ’ , like any other passionately held belief , can inspire good work , but it is no more a necessary than it is a sufficient condition , and Greek art is none the worse for being innocent of the notion .
‘ truth to material ’ , like any other passionately held belief , can inspire good work , but it is no more a necessary than it is a sufficient [state] , and greek art is none the worse for being innocent of the notion .

However , apart from the question of whether the British economy will be in this condition in the future , the experience of the last attempt , in the 1940s and 1950s , to keep older workers in the labour force is not very encouraging ( Hannah , 1986 ) .
however , apart from the question of whether the british economy will be in this [state] in the future , the experience of the last attempt , in the 1940s and 1950s , to keep older workers in the labour force is not very encouraging ( hannah , 1986 ) .

However , this does not take account of the fact that some of the housing stock will be vacant for frictional reasons , or because of government policy , or its unattractiveness , or use as second homes : furthermore , some dwellings may be unfit , lacking amenities or requiring substantial repairs — in England alone two million had at least one of these physical problems in 1981 ( English House Condition Survey , 1982 , p. 3 ) .
however , this does not take account of the fact that some of the housing stock will be vacant for frictional reasons , or because of government policy , or its unattractiveness , or use as second homes : furthermore , some dwellings may be unfit , lacking amenities or requiring substantial repairs — in england alone two million had at least one of these physical problems in 1981 ( english house [state] survey , 1982 , p. 3 ) .

These various rates are used in conjunction with the estimated age-sex ( and marital status ) distributions for Regional Health Authorities in order to derive expected bed-occupancy days ( or visits ) for each condition in each region .
these various rates are used in conjunction with the estimated age-sex ( and marital status ) distributions for regional health authorities in order to derive expected bed-occupancy days ( or visits ) for each [state] in each region .

These are in turn explained by two interacting factors , either of which is a sufficient condition for women 's earnings to lag behind those of men : on one hand , the gendered division of family labour , and on the other , unequal treatment of men and women in the labour market .
these are in turn explained by two interacting factors , either of which is a sufficient [state] for women 's earnings to lag behind those of men : on one hand , the gendered division of family labour , and on the other , unequal treatment of men and women in the labour market .

Thus Kafka 's novel The Trial , for example , can be read , from different positions , as ( a ) mediation by projection — an arbitrary and irrational social system is not directly described , in its own terms , but projected , in its essentials , as strange and alien ; or ( b ) mediation by the discovery of an ‘ objective correlative ' — a situation and characters are composed to produce , in an objective form , the subjective or actual feelings — an inexpressible guilt — from which the original impulse to composition came ; or ( c ) mediation as a function of the fundamental social processes of consciousness , in which certain crises which can not otherwise be directly apprehended are ‘ crystallized ’ in certain direct images and forms of art — images which then illuminate a basic ( social and psychological ) condition : not just Kafka 's but a general alienation .
thus kafka 's novel the trial , for example , can be read , from different positions , as ( a ) mediation by projection — an arbitrary and irrational social system is not directly described , in its own terms , but projected , in its essentials , as strange and alien ; or ( b ) mediation by the discovery of an ‘ objective correlative ' — a situation and characters are composed to produce , in an objective form , the subjective or actual feelings — an inexpressible guilt — from which the original impulse to composition came ; or ( c ) mediation as a function of the fundamental social processes of consciousness , in which certain crises which can not otherwise be directly apprehended are ‘ crystallized ’ in certain direct images and forms of art — images which then illuminate a basic ( social and psychological ) [state] : not just kafka 's but a general alienation .

In ( c ) this ‘ basic condition ’ can be variably referred to the nature of a whole epoch , of a particular society at a particular period , or of a particular group within that society at that period .
in ( c ) this ‘ basic [state] ’ can be variably referred to the nature of a whole epoch , of a particular society at a particular period , or of a particular group within that society at that period .

But it must be prepared to rework and reconsider all received material and concepts , and to present its own contributions within the open interaction of evidence and interpretation which is the true condition of its adequacy .
but it must be prepared to rework and reconsider all received material and concepts , and to present its own contributions within the open interaction of evidence and interpretation which is the true [state] of its adequacy .

Conditions then vary from those in which the cultural institutions and their producers are wholly subordinated to general state policy — a condition often made harsher by full or attempted monopoly of all means of cultural production — to more nuanced situations in which , while general policy direction is exercised , the practical relations are not significantly different from those in modern patronal and intermediate bodies , which of course also , in varying ways , have general policy directions in accordance with the social order in which they are working .
conditions then vary from those in which the cultural institutions and their producers are wholly subordinated to general state policy — a [state] often made harsher by full or attempted monopoly of all means of cultural production — to more nuanced situations in which , while general policy direction is exercised , the practical relations are not significantly different from those in modern patronal and intermediate bodies , which of course also , in varying ways , have general policy directions in accordance with the social order in which they are working .

This general condition of asymmetry can be examined in three major areas of tension , conflict and struggle , within which the fact of asymmetry is always a major element .
this general [state] of asymmetry can be examined in three major areas of tension , conflict and struggle , within which the fact of asymmetry is always a major element .

But whatever happens to particular processes , it remains a general condition of modern cultural technology that it both requires social forms of production and yet , within this , under specific economic conditions , imposes not only a professional but a class division of labour .
but whatever happens to particular processes , it remains a general [state] of modern cultural technology that it both requires social forms of production and yet , within this , under specific economic conditions , imposes not only a professional but a class division of labour .

Howard Samuel never had the courage to tell him that he had no recollection of their night-time conversation because of his post-prandial condition , so Randolph always regarded the fact that the licence had been obtained for the Labour Party as a gross breach of trust .
howard samuel never had the courage to tell him that he had no recollection of their night-time conversation because of his post-prandial [state] , so randolph always regarded the fact that the licence had been obtained for the labour party as a gross breach of trust .

He agreed , on a strange condition : that he would never have to work with the eagles .
he agreed , on a strange [state] : that he would never have to work with the eagles .

With the withdrawal of ARPs some people will doubtless be forced back into residential care as the value of the fixed transitional payment is eroded by rising costs and inflation or as their condition leads to further special requirements .
with the withdrawal of arps some people will doubtless be forced back into residential care as the value of the fixed transitional payment is eroded by rising costs and inflation or as their [state] leads to further special requirements .

If culture and artistic developments are interpreted as integral aspects of the human social condition , a subgroup 's lack of artistic development could be seen as the result of its failure to develop an active social life , or as a reflection of the dehumanisation and suppression of that group .
if culture and artistic developments are interpreted as integral aspects of the human social [state] , a subgroup 's lack of artistic development could be seen as the result of its failure to develop an active social life , or as a reflection of the dehumanisation and suppression of that group .

If disabled artists or musicians are recognised , living or dead , all too often their lives are seen in terms of their medical condition and their imagined ability to ‘ overcome ’ personal tragedy .
if disabled artists or musicians are recognised , living or dead , all too often their lives are seen in terms of their medical [state] and their imagined ability to ‘ overcome ’ personal tragedy .

As the English House Condition Survey put it , ‘ Poor housing [ is ] related , above all , to income ’ ( Department of the Environment , 1988 , p. 41 ) .
as the english house [state] survey put it , ‘ poor housing [ is ] related , above all , to income ’ ( department of the environment , 1988 , p. 41 ) .

In essence , ‘ disability ’ was consistently viewed , on the one hand , as a condition of the individual .
in essence , ‘ disability ’ was consistently viewed , on the one hand , as a [state] of the individual .

His main concerns were the poor condition of the pool table and the need for more outings .
his main concerns were the poor [state] of the pool table and the need for more outings .

Anyone with an illness or injury of any severity is disabled for as long as the condition lasts .
anyone with an illness or injury of any severity is disabled for as long as the [state] lasts .

Medical students learn to distinguish ‘ acute ’ , which means something of recent onset , from ‘ chronic ’ , which means a condition which has lasted and will probably continue for a substantial time .
medical students learn to distinguish ‘ acute ’ , which means something of recent onset , from ‘ chronic ’ , which means a [state] which has lasted and will probably continue for a substantial time .

In hospital wards , short admission — discharge sequences reinforce the acute model , even if the condition being treated is not acute at all .
in hospital wards , short admission — discharge sequences reinforce the acute model , even if the [state] being treated is not acute at all .

Once their condition has stabilised they may have to face a whole range of issues : new restrictions ; new sensations ; new embarrassments ; new lifestyles .
once their [state] has stabilised they may have to face a whole range of issues : new restrictions ; new sensations ; new embarrassments ; new lifestyles .

‘ The truth about your condition , ’ Dr Craig-Dunlop said apologetically .
‘ the truth about your [state] , ’ dr craig-dunlop said apologetically .

‘ As you saw , she 's in no condition to discuss anything .
‘ as you saw , she 's in no [state] to discuss anything .

It should be noted further that these decisions affect not only the physical character of an area , including its infrastructure requirements and the condition of the local environment , but also the range and type of other economic activities that are carried on there .
it should be noted further that these decisions affect not only the physical character of an area , including its infrastructure requirements and the [state] of the local environment , but also the range and type of other economic activities that are carried on there .

Rather , because the public interest is taken to be the root of corporate legitimacy , compliance with whatever ‘ social responsibility ’ demands is seen as a pre-requisite , a defining condition , for the possession of power .
rather , because the public interest is taken to be the root of corporate legitimacy , compliance with whatever ‘ social responsibility ’ demands is seen as a pre-requisite , a defining [state] , for the possession of power .

It should however be noted that while profit maximization is not regarded as a goal , it is accepted in managerial theories that there is a profits constraint , either because a minimum level of profitability is a condition of survival of the enterprise , or to necessary to protect management from loss of office through take-over .
it should however be noted that while profit maximization is not regarded as a goal , it is accepted in managerial theories that there is a profits constraint , either because a minimum level of profitability is a [state] of survival of the enterprise , or to necessary to protect management from loss of office through take-over .

In reality , optimal performance is unlikely to be a condition of survival , and where a company dominates a market which is difficult to enter a high level of inefficiency may be tolerated indefinitely .
in reality , optimal performance is unlikely to be a [state] of survival , and where a company dominates a market which is difficult to enter a high level of inefficiency may be tolerated indefinitely .

This is a condition in which managements become excessively concerned with short-term profits with a view to keeping share price high and thus avoiding the attention of bidders .
this is a [state] in which managements become excessively concerned with short-term profits with a view to keeping share price high and thus avoiding the attention of bidders .

‘ On one condition .
‘ on one [state] .

’ The switch worked : on the faces of both of them came down that twilight of solemnity , a most vulnerable condition , he had found , if rightly played upon .
’ the switch worked : on the faces of both of them came down that twilight of solemnity , a most vulnerable [state] , he had found , if rightly played upon .

‘ Is not that the condition of us all ? ’
‘ is not that the [state] of us all ? ’

Legitimacy : ( a ) of a government or the title of a sovereign : the condition of being in accordance with law or principle … ( b ) conformity to a rule or principle ; lawfulness .
legitimacy : ( a ) of a government or the title of a sovereign : the [state] of being in accordance with law or principle … ( b ) conformity to a rule or principle ; lawfulness .

That the Subjects which are Protestants may have Armes for their defence Suitable to their Condition and as allowed by Law .
that the subjects which are protestants may have armes for their defence suitable to their [state] and as allowed by law .

It should speak to the condition of the worshipper .
it should speak to the [state] of the worshipper .

Edith had been pregnant and alone , the salesman abandoning her when she had told him her condition .
edith had been pregnant and alone , the salesman abandoning her when she had told him her [state] .

He was then released , on condition he went into exile .
he was then released , on [state] he went into exile .

Failure to improve the condition of the remaining housing stock has also played an important part in the rise of ghetto conditions .
failure to improve the [state] of the remaining housing stock has also played an important part in the rise of ghetto conditions .

Apart from personal tax allowances , there is a whole range of other allowances , or benefits , which are gained only on condition that taxpayers undertake a certain pattern of expenditure , such as buying houses , or acquiring a private pension .
apart from personal tax allowances , there is a whole range of other allowances , or benefits , which are gained only on [state] that taxpayers undertake a certain pattern of expenditure , such as buying houses , or acquiring a private pension .

Despite Mrs Thatcher 's rhetoric , bribing people by way of tax allowances is the paternalistic state writ large ; taxpayers pick up considerable tax benefits on the condition that they spend their money in ways approved by the Government .
despite mrs thatcher 's rhetoric , bribing people by way of tax allowances is the paternalistic state writ large ; taxpayers pick up considerable tax benefits on the [state] that they spend their money in ways approved by the government .

All employees must receive explicit information about the vision , values , priorities , and rewards that will govern the new state or condition .
all employees must receive explicit information about the vision , values , priorities , and rewards that will govern the new state or [state] .

In any such change , there are three states that must be dealt with : ( 1 ) the present state , which is things as they are ; ( 2 ) the future state , which is what the changed condition will be ; and ( 3 ) the transitional state , which is the one that exists when evolving from the present to the future — the state during which the actual changing takes place .
in any such change , there are three states that must be dealt with : ( 1 ) the present state , which is things as they are ; ( 2 ) the future state , which is what the changed [state] will be ; and ( 3 ) the transitional state , which is the one that exists when evolving from the present to the future — the state during which the actual changing takes place .

, Parliament has placed in the hands of local authorities the power to control the condition and usage of business premises .
, parliament has placed in the hands of local authorities the power to control the [state] and usage of business premises .

This notice will require the developer to return the property to its original condition .
this notice will require the developer to return the property to its original [state] .

He brought an action against the chairman and secretary of the club , as officers of the club , claiming that they were liable for the injuries he had sustained by reason of the condition of the club 's premises .
he brought an action against the chairman and secretary of the club , as officers of the club , claiming that they were liable for the injuries he had sustained by reason of the [state] of the club 's premises .

On an appeal by the plaintiff the Court of Appeal held ( dismissing the appeal ) that in so far as the rules of the club provided that two of its officers were to be responsible in law for the conduct of the club then ( in the absence of an express provision that the officers were responsible for the condition of the club premises ) the rules did not give rise to a duty of care towards individual members to maintain the club premises in a reasonable state of safety and repair .
on an appeal by the plaintiff the court of appeal held ( dismissing the appeal ) that in so far as the rules of the club provided that two of its officers were to be responsible in law for the conduct of the club then ( in the absence of an express provision that the officers were responsible for the [state] of the club premises ) the rules did not give rise to a duty of care towards individual members to maintain the club premises in a reasonable state of safety and repair .

Exchange therefore appears as the means by which subjective values are overcome , and it thus the essential condition of all human relationships ( 1978 : 82 ) .
exchange therefore appears as the means by which subjective values are overcome , and it thus the essential [state] of all human relationships ( 1978 : 82 ) .

This condition is characteristic of societies dominated not only by kinship but also by feudalism or slavery ; it is also characteristic of the peasant village .
this [state] is characteristic of societies dominated not only by kinship but also by feudalism or slavery ; it is also characteristic of the peasant village .

The same condition which favours the emergence of equality as an ideal may provide the means for the further refinement and exactitude of inequality .
the same [state] which favours the emergence of equality as an ideal may provide the means for the further refinement and exactitude of inequality .

For Simmel , contradiction is not merely an instrument for , but an intrinsic condition of , the dynamic force of history .
for simmel , contradiction is not merely an instrument for , but an intrinsic [state] of , the dynamic force of history .

Although conventionally the totalizing property of the artefact is stressed as a condition of the non-modern ( e.g .
although conventionally the totalizing property of the artefact is stressed as a [state] of the non-modern ( e.g .

There has been , however , a range of attempts to emphasize the place of commodities in exemplifying some general condition of dominance , which goes beyond the more particular implications of ideology .
there has been , however , a range of attempts to emphasize the place of commodities in exemplifying some general [state] of dominance , which goes beyond the more particular implications of ideology .

To provide financial information useful for determining and predicting the economic condition of the governmental unit and changes therein .
to provide financial information useful for determining and predicting the economic [state] of the governmental unit and changes therein .

This could occur if the project concerned an extractive industry and it was a condition of the contract that the site be landscaped upon completion .
this could occur if the project concerned an extractive industry and it was a [state] of the contract that the site be landscaped upon completion .

The condition of miners ' housing was customarily poor in the early twentieth century , and there was considerable agitation for its improvement ( Bacon , 1986 ) .
the [state] of miners ' housing was customarily poor in the early twentieth century , and there was considerable agitation for its improvement ( bacon , 1986 ) .

‘ somebody who 's not complying with consent conditions and yet is not having much effect on the river , it probably means the consent condition is not right to start with .
‘ somebody who 's not complying with consent conditions and yet is not having much effect on the river , it probably means the consent [state] is not right to start with .

This condition is automatically satisfied by any non-branching hierarchy ; its particular significance , however , is in respect of branching hierarchies , as it ensures that the branches do not converge . Consider the structure illustrated in fig. 5.2 :
this [state] is automatically satisfied by any non-branching hierarchy ; its particular significance , however , is in respect of branching hierarchies , as it ensures that the branches do not converge . consider the structure illustrated in fig. 5.2 :

‘ Mr. Bonanza did n't feel that Miss Fraser should be exposed to a lot of publicity in her physical condition .
‘ mr. bonanza did n't feel that miss fraser should be exposed to a lot of publicity in her physical [state] .

His notion of what ( or even when ) the middle ages were remains extremely vague ; his conviction that the values they embodied could provide an answer to the Condition of England question was correspondingly intense .
his notion of what ( or even when ) the middle ages were remains extremely vague ; his conviction that the values they embodied could provide an answer to the [state] of england question was correspondingly intense .

Joseph Gandy , who claims in 1805 that his designs originate ‘ in the humane desire of increasing the comforts and improving the condition of the Labouring Poor ’ , makes little provision for them .
joseph gandy , who claims in 1805 that his designs originate ‘ in the humane desire of increasing the comforts and improving the [state] of the labouring poor ’ , makes little provision for them .

With the passage of the Poor Law Amendment Act in 1834 the condition of labourers deteriorated still further .
with the passage of the poor law amendment act in 1834 the [state] of labourers deteriorated still further .

The National Assessment of Educational Progress — an attempt to establish the condition of the nation 's overall educational well-being by administering selected tests to carefully chosen ‘ light ’ samples of the school population .
the national assessment of educational progress — an attempt to establish the [state] of the nation 's overall educational well-being by administering selected tests to carefully chosen ‘ light ’ samples of the school population .

Thus professional development becomes a condition of professional accountability .
thus professional development becomes a [state] of professional accountability .

According to a number of writers , the crucial condition , governing the effectiveness of evaluation in promoting development , is that control of the process should rest entirely with those whose practice is to be evaluated .
according to a number of writers , the crucial [state] , governing the effectiveness of evaluation in promoting development , is that control of the process should rest entirely with those whose practice is to be evaluated .

The Act had its origins in the growing antipathy of the public to the condition of British ships and the reputation of the men who sailed them .
the act had its origins in the growing antipathy of the public to the [state] of british ships and the reputation of the men who sailed them .

In Wilson 's eyes the condition of the British seaman was scarcely better than it had been half a century earlier .
in wilson 's eyes the [state] of the british seaman was scarcely better than it had been half a century earlier .

Difficulties arise with such techniques when it is necessary to choose both the objectives and constraint forms for a design condition that contains a large number of conflicting requirements .
difficulties arise with such techniques when it is necessary to choose both the objectives and constraint forms for a design [state] that contains a large number of conflicting requirements .

This provides an inserted condition such that all elements of the domain called `` hole `` are in the domain called `` block `` .
this provides an inserted [state] such that all elements of the domain called `` hole `` are in the domain called `` block `` .

Due to the hole not being declared as a solid , the assumption is made that it is a void so that the geometric domain is established for the inserted condition ( as voids can not exist freely outside of solids ) to give the geometric domain as also seen in Figure 2.3 .
due to the hole not being declared as a solid , the assumption is made that it is a void so that the geometric domain is established for the inserted [state] ( as voids can not exist freely outside of solids ) to give the geometric domain as also seen in figure 2.3 .

If the geometric domains are to be described by their orthogonal excursions in the local space of the objects then a pin forced to the bottom of a hole will have a five boundary touching condition .
if the geometric domains are to be described by their orthogonal excursions in the local space of the objects then a pin forced to the bottom of a hole will have a five boundary touching [state] .

Whilst the outer domain touching condition is the most commonly experienced when handling two or more objects , special transition cases need to be considered in order to be able to construct an adequate description of an engineering assembly , or the real relationship between two domains which can be both solids and voids .
whilst the outer domain touching [state] is the most commonly experienced when handling two or more objects , special transition cases need to be considered in order to be able to construct an adequate description of an engineering assembly , or the real relationship between two domains which can be both solids and voids .

These zones are defined as existing within the range of the primary ( condition 0 ) , below the range ( condition — 1 ) , and above It ( condition 1 ) .
these zones are defined as existing within the range of the primary ( [state] 0 ) , below the range ( [state] — 1 ) , and above it ( [state] 1 ) .

The condition , that allows the application of attributes solely to assemblies , provides a mechanism whereby a simplification in the relationships may be applied both at any early or late stage in a design .
the [state] , that allows the application of attributes solely to assemblies , provides a mechanism whereby a simplification in the relationships may be applied both at any early or late stage in a design .

If the view condition is to be incremented from one state to another in a given number of steps , two complete sets of parameters need to be held .
if the view [state] is to be incremented from one state to another in a given number of steps , two complete sets of parameters need to be held .

The check is terminated whenever the bounding approach either proves that the specified condition can not occur , or establishes that the condition can Occur at the level of original definition .
the check is terminated whenever the bounding approach either proves that the specified [state] can not occur , or establishes that the [state] can occur at the level of original definition .

In a worse condition , if a company allowed up to five versions of any drawing to be saved , with drawing blank and logo — as much as 98 per cent of redundant data may be being stored and maintained .
in a worse [state] , if a company allowed up to five versions of any drawing to be saved , with drawing blank and logo — as much as 98 per cent of redundant data may be being stored and maintained .

For example , two gearbox housing castings would be a touching condition whereas the bolts connecting them would be an interferencing condition .
for example , two gearbox housing castings would be a touching [state] whereas the bolts connecting them would be an interferencing [state] .

Additionally , the recording of spatial relationships between parts is extended , allowing tolerance build-up to be simulated in either the maximum or minimum material condition to produce a `` region of certainty `` for final part positioning .
additionally , the recording of spatial relationships between parts is extended , allowing tolerance build-up to be simulated in either the maximum or minimum material [state] to produce a `` region of certainty `` for final part positioning .

Slop , arising from the assembly of components in their minimum metal condition or due to an estimated wear pattern , can be included to produce positional uncertainty in the mechanism , which can then be compared to the positional requirements necessary for correct operation .
slop , arising from the assembly of components in their minimum metal [state] or due to an estimated wear pattern , can be included to produce positional uncertainty in the mechanism , which can then be compared to the positional requirements necessary for correct operation .

This condition ought to be seen by all to be quite ridiculous and unacceptable , but it is all too common .
this [state] ought to be seen by all to be quite ridiculous and unacceptable , but it is all too common .

By sniffing the air , a dog can tell the sexual condition of any bitch in the neighbourhood and , if let loose , will follow the scent lure of a female on heat .
by sniffing the air , a dog can tell the sexual [state] of any bitch in the neighbourhood and , if let loose , will follow the scent lure of a female on heat .

So if we work in terms of the potential the boundary condition may be easily formulated : = constant on all conductor surfaces .
so if we work in terms of the potential the boundary [state] may be easily formulated : = constant on all conductor surfaces .

The mathematical problem is then to solve the differential equation in conjunction with the boundary condition that constant on all conductor surfaces .
the mathematical problem is then to solve the differential equation in conjunction with the boundary [state] that constant on all conductor surfaces .

Solve eqn ( 3.47 ) under the condition that the electric field is zero at electrode 1 ( z = 0 ) .
solve eqn ( 3.47 ) under the [state] that the electric field is zero at electrode 1 ( z = 0 ) .

which of the conditions specified in s 258(2) or ( 4 ) ( definition of a subsidiary undertaking ) has been satisfied . This is not required if the relevant condition is that the parent undertaking holds a majority of the voting rights and holds the same proportion of shares as it holds voting rights
which of the conditions specified in s 258(2) or ( 4 ) ( definition of a subsidiary undertaking ) has been satisfied . this is not required if the relevant [state] is that the parent undertaking holds a majority of the voting rights and holds the same proportion of shares as it holds voting rights

Prosopagnosia is a rare clinical condition in which visual recognition of faces is impaired as a result of brain damage .
prosopagnosia is a rare clinical [state] in which visual recognition of faces is impaired as a result of brain damage .

She presented three rows of two letters in either the left or right field and asked subjects either for a full report of all six letters or simply to recall a particular pair of letters ( partial report condition ) corresponding to a single column of the display .
she presented three rows of two letters in either the left or right field and asked subjects either for a full report of all six letters or simply to recall a particular pair of letters ( partial report [state] ) corresponding to a single column of the display .

In the latter situation subjects were given a cue prior to the stimulus presentation ( pre-cued condition ) so that they knew beforehand whether to report the inner or outer column or the letters printed in a particular colour .
in the latter situation subjects were given a cue prior to the stimulus presentation ( pre-cued [state] ) so that they knew beforehand whether to report the inner or outer column or the letters printed in a particular colour .

In another condition of the experiment a `` masking `` stimulus was presented 20 milliseconds ( msec . )
in another [state] of the experiment a `` masking `` stimulus was presented 20 milliseconds ( msec . )

after the offset of the letter display ( post-cued condition ) .
after the offset of the letter display ( post-cued [state] ) .

Secondly , a difference in the ability of the two halves of the brain to utilise advance information in selecting the required stimulus feature for further processing should result in an asymmetrical effect of pre-cueing in the partial report condition as compared with the full report condition .
secondly , a difference in the ability of the two halves of the brain to utilise advance information in selecting the required stimulus feature for further processing should result in an asymmetrical effect of pre-cueing in the partial report [state] as compared with the full report [state] .

In one condition subjects were specifically instructed to engage in verbal rehearsal of these word pairs and in a second condition they were instructed to use visual imagery to relate the two objects .
in one [state] subjects were specifically instructed to engage in verbal rehearsal of these word pairs and in a second [state] they were instructed to use visual imagery to relate the two objects .

In one condition of their experiment nonsense sequences followed a structural pattern of English in so far as replacing the nonsense stems by English stems would have resulted in a grammatically correct sequence .
in one [state] of their experiment nonsense sequences followed a structural pattern of english in so far as replacing the nonsense stems by english stems would have resulted in a grammatically correct sequence .

In the control condition this was not the case .
in the control [state] this was not the case .

In a second condition , single chords were heard at each ear .
in a second [state] , single chords were heard at each ear .

Left handers showed a consistent direction of movement in the experimenter-in-front condition , but no systematic relationship between direction of eye movement and question-type in the experimenter-behind condition .
left handers showed a consistent direction of movement in the experimenter-in-front [state] , but no systematic relationship between direction of eye movement and question-type in the experimenter-behind [state] .

In a second study left handers were observed in the speaking condition and while humming .
in a second study left handers were observed in the speaking [state] and while humming .

In the latter condition , free hand movements were symmetrical while in the speaking condition those sinistral subjects with a right ear advantage ( on a dichotic listening test ) showed the same excess of right hand activity as the majority of right handers ( Kimura , 1973b ) .
in the latter [state] , free hand movements were symmetrical while in the speaking [state] those sinistral subjects with a right ear advantage ( on a dichotic listening test ) showed the same excess of right hand activity as the majority of right handers ( kimura , 1973b ) .

Kimura argued that the lack of movement asymmetry in the humming condition showed that more than mere vocal activity was involved in producing the difference between the hands .
kimura argued that the lack of movement asymmetry in the humming [state] showed that more than mere vocal activity was involved in producing the difference between the hands .

Significantly better performance was found when the target tone was presented to the left ear , and the tongue controlled the sound heard in the right ear , than in the reverse condition .
significantly better performance was found when the target tone was presented to the left ear , and the tongue controlled the sound heard in the right ear , than in the reverse [state] .

Problems like premenstrual tension and hyperactivity in children are on the increase , as well as a number of condition that are caused by allergies of one kind or another : hay fever , eczema , asthma , migraine , and even some bowel problems .
problems like premenstrual tension and hyperactivity in children are on the increase , as well as a number of [state] that are caused by allergies of one kind or another : hay fever , eczema , asthma , migraine , and even some bowel problems .

If you are receiving medical treatment for any of these conditions , or any other condition for that matter , do check with your doctor before starting this or any other diet .
if you are receiving medical treatment for any of these conditions , or any other [state] for that matter , do check with your doctor before starting this or any other diet .

In this latter condition , gluten ( which is also found in oats , barley , and rye ) produces damage to the lining of the bowel , preventing normal absorption of nutrients from the diet .
in this latter [state] , gluten ( which is also found in oats , barley , and rye ) produces damage to the lining of the bowel , preventing normal absorption of nutrients from the diet .

In this condition , the sufferer experiences either constipation or diarrhoea , often in association with excessive abdominal bloating and sometimes pains , usually cramp-like and situated either in the middle or lower part of the abdomen .
in this [state] , the sufferer experiences either constipation or diarrhoea , often in association with excessive abdominal bloating and sometimes pains , usually cramp-like and situated either in the middle or lower part of the abdomen .

Migraine headaches are another condition that need a mention .
migraine headaches are another [state] that need a mention .

Once in this condition , you will usually experience an increased sense of well being , on both a physical and a mental level .
once in this [state] , you will usually experience an increased sense of well being , on both a physical and a mental level .

In your condition `` — Devraux shrugged — `` it would be madness . ``
in your [state] `` — devraux shrugged — `` it would be madness . ``

Since , for a given pair of parameters ( a , b ) , there can be more than one attractor , a small change in the initial condition or one of the parameters can switch the solution between attractors .
since , for a given pair of parameters ( a , b ) , there can be more than one attractor , a small change in the initial [state] or one of the parameters can switch the solution between attractors .

Although lacking the intrinsic relevance of `` mouth area `` ( used by Smith , 1981 , for winkles ) or of `` apical angle `` and `` whorl ratio `` ( employed by Kitching , 1976 ; 1977 ; Cambridge and Kitching , 1982 ) this ratio is less affected by the absolute size , thickness , age or condition of the shell and it is undeniably easier to record in the field .
although lacking the intrinsic relevance of `` mouth area `` ( used by smith , 1981 , for winkles ) or of `` apical angle `` and `` whorl ratio `` ( employed by kitching , 1976 ; 1977 ; cambridge and kitching , 1982 ) this ratio is less affected by the absolute size , thickness , age or [state] of the shell and it is undeniably easier to record in the field .

Her parents never suspected she was pregnant but rather worried that she was ill with some other condition .
her parents never suspected she was pregnant but rather worried that she was ill with some other [state] .

For girls themselves , it may also be a daunting prospect , especially if they 're feeling rather vulnerable and embarrassed about their condition .
for girls themselves , it may also be a daunting prospect , especially if they 're feeling rather vulnerable and embarrassed about their [state] .

Parents become increasingly worried as they see their daughters putting on weight , and make suggestions about diets , and in Joanne 's case , fear they have developed a thyroid condition .
parents become increasingly worried as they see their daughters putting on weight , and make suggestions about diets , and in joanne 's case , fear they have developed a thyroid [state] .

Debbie , who has a daughter with spina bifida , had not had this test and only discovered her baby 's condition when she was nearly eight months pregnant .
debbie , who has a daughter with spina bifida , had not had this test and only discovered her baby 's [state] when she was nearly eight months pregnant .

Condition tap water
[state] tap water

Hypochondria is actually the commonest killer of the lot , when transferred from the human condition to one 's pets .
hypochondria is actually the commonest killer of the lot , when transferred from the human [state] to one 's pets .

And just as the born worrier hurries to the medical dictionary to look up a real or imagined ailment , then medicates the common cold as though it were a terminal condition , so there are Koi-keepers whose ponds are a permanently dilute solution of anti-parasitic/antibacterial preparations … just in case .
and just as the born worrier hurries to the medical dictionary to look up a real or imagined ailment , then medicates the common cold as though it were a terminal [state] , so there are koi-keepers whose ponds are a permanently dilute solution of anti-parasitic/antibacterial preparations … just in case .

Another , Flexibacter , causes the so-called ‘ mouth fungus ’ , although this condition can affect other parts of the fish 's body and its fins .
another , flexibacter , causes the so-called ‘ mouth fungus ’ , although this [state] can affect other parts of the fish 's body and its fins .

Patients are therefore not able to participate in their own diagnosis and treatment , and a valuable source of information about their condition is lost .
patients are therefore not able to participate in their own diagnosis and treatment , and a valuable source of information about their [state] is lost .

Working condition in the clinic
working [state] in the clinic

The house had been in an appalling condition , full of junk and rubbish , its elegant lines unreadable through years of accretions and demolitions .
the house had been in an appalling [state] , full of junk and rubbish , its elegant lines unreadable through years of accretions and demolitions .

Such strategies may improve the condition of suspects but they do not deal directly with the real difficulties encountered by police investigators and do not necessarily improve the quality of their results .
such strategies may improve the [state] of suspects but they do not deal directly with the real difficulties encountered by police investigators and do not necessarily improve the quality of their results .

Justices — Bail — Conditions of bail — Arrest for breach of condition — Appropriate procedure — Whether single justice having jurisdiction to hear matter — Whether power to adjourn — Bail Act 1976 ( c. 63 ) , s. 7(4) ( 5 ) — Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 ( c. 43 ) , s. 121(1)
justices — bail — conditions of bail — arrest for breach of [state] — appropriate procedure — whether single justice having jurisdiction to hear matter — whether power to adjourn — bail act 1976 ( c. 63 ) , s. 7(4) ( 5 ) — magistrates ' courts act 1980 ( c. 43 ) , s. 121(1)

The defendant , who had been committed for trial to the Crown Court on bail , was arrested for breach of a condition of his bail and brought before the magistrates ' court pursuant to section 7 ( 4 ) of the Bail Act 1976 .
the defendant , who had been committed for trial to the crown court on bail , was arrested for breach of a [state] of his bail and brought before the magistrates ' court pursuant to section 7 ( 4 ) of the bail act 1976 .

Mr. Bell denied being drunk and disorderly and denied being in breach of the bail condition .
mr. bell denied being drunk and disorderly and denied being in breach of the bail [state] .

It followed that no representation was made as to whether Mr. Bell should be remanded on bail or in custody , nor was the justice asked to form any opinion as to whether Mr. Bell had broken or was likely to break any condition of his bail .
it followed that no representation was made as to whether mr. bell should be remanded on bail or in custody , nor was the justice asked to form any opinion as to whether mr. bell had broken or was likely to break any [state] of his bail .

He submitted that the court had no jurisdiction to hear the matter because the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the Bail Act 1976 empower a justice of the peace to remand a person in custody only if the justice is of the opinion that , inter alia , he has broken a condition of his bail ; otherwise , if not of that opinion , the court must grant bail on the same conditions as were originally imposed .
he submitted that the court had no jurisdiction to hear the matter because the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the bail act 1976 empower a justice of the peace to remand a person in custody only if the justice is of the opinion that , inter alia , he has broken a [state] of his bail ; otherwise , if not of that opinion , the court must grant bail on the same conditions as were originally imposed .

Claire Robinson in her affidavit deposes that all parties were in agreement that the court on 16 February had not come to any opinion as to whether or not Mr. Bell had broken or was likely to break any condition of his bail .
claire robinson in her affidavit deposes that all parties were in agreement that the court on 16 february had not come to any opinion as to whether or not mr. bell had broken or was likely to break any [state] of his bail .

The Director of Public Prosecutions brings this application for judicial review of these decisions of the single justice on Friday , 16 February ; the first , declining to deal with the issue of the alleged breach of bail condition by Mr. Bell on the ground that that issue could not be resolved by a single justice of the peace but required a court consisting of at least two justices , and the second , to adjourn the hearing of the alleged breach of condition to a court sitting on Monday , 19 February , and to remand Mr. Bell in custody in the intervening period .
the director of public prosecutions brings this application for judicial review of these decisions of the single justice on friday , 16 february ; the first , declining to deal with the issue of the alleged breach of bail [state] by mr. bell on the ground that that issue could not be resolved by a single justice of the peace but required a court consisting of at least two justices , and the second , to adjourn the hearing of the alleged breach of [state] to a court sitting on monday , 19 february , and to remand mr. bell in custody in the intervening period .

Alternatively , judicial review is sought of the decision of the justices on Monday , 19 February 1990 , that they had no jurisdiction to hear and decide the issue whether Mr. Bell had been in breach of a condition of his bail .
alternatively , judicial review is sought of the decision of the justices on monday , 19 february 1990 , that they had no jurisdiction to hear and decide the issue whether mr. bell had been in breach of a [state] of his bail .

It provides a simple and expeditious procedure for dealing with the situation where a constable believes that a person bailed is unlikely to surrender to custody , or alternatively , that a person bailed is likely to break a condition of his bail , or has broken a condition of his bail .
it provides a simple and expeditious procedure for dealing with the situation where a constable believes that a person bailed is unlikely to surrender to custody , or alternatively , that a person bailed is likely to break a [state] of his bail , or has broken a [state] of his bail .

’ The structure of section 7 , in my view , clearly contemplates the constable who has arrested the person bailed bringing him before the justice and stating his , that is to say the constable 's , grounds for believing that the defendant has broken a condition of his bail .
’ the structure of section 7 , in my view , clearly contemplates the constable who has arrested the person bailed bringing him before the justice and stating his , that is to say the constable 's , grounds for believing that the defendant has broken a [state] of his bail .

The sections in the Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 which give justices ' courts power to adjourn are : section 5 ( 1 ) , adjournment of an inquiry into an offence as examining justice ; section 10 ( 1 ) , adjournment of the trial of an information ; section 18 ( 4 ) , the power to adjourn proceedings under sections 19 to 23 of the Act , that is to say the procedure which has to be followed where the information charges the defendant with an offence triable either on indictment or summarily ; and section 30 , a duty to adjourn the case to enable a medical examination and report to be made where the court is satisfied that the accused did the act or made the omission charged but is of the opinion that inquiry ought to be made into his physical or mental condition .
the sections in the magistrates ' courts act 1980 which give justices ' courts power to adjourn are : section 5 ( 1 ) , adjournment of an inquiry into an offence as examining justice ; section 10 ( 1 ) , adjournment of the trial of an information ; section 18 ( 4 ) , the power to adjourn proceedings under sections 19 to 23 of the act , that is to say the procedure which has to be followed where the information charges the defendant with an offence triable either on indictment or summarily ; and section 30 , a duty to adjourn the case to enable a medical examination and report to be made where the court is satisfied that the accused did the act or made the omission charged but is of the opinion that inquiry ought to be made into his physical or mental [state] .

Further , the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the Act of 1976 are clear and they are mandatory in form , to the extent that if the justice is not of the opinion that the person is not likely to surrender to custody , or has broken or is likely to break any condition of his bail , the justice has to grant him bail subject to the same conditions , if any , as were originally imposed .
further , the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the act of 1976 are clear and they are mandatory in form , to the extent that if the justice is not of the opinion that the person is not likely to surrender to custody , or has broken or is likely to break any [state] of his bail , the justice has to grant him bail subject to the same conditions , if any , as were originally imposed .

In my judgment , Parliament intended to and did provide a simple and expeditious method of dealing with a person arrested without warrant by a constable who had reasonable grounds for believing that that person had broken a condition of his bail , or was likely to break a condition of his bail , or was likely to fail to surrender to custody .
in my judgment , parliament intended to and did provide a simple and expeditious method of dealing with a person arrested without warrant by a constable who had reasonable grounds for believing that that person had broken a [state] of his bail , or was likely to break a [state] of his bail , or was likely to fail to surrender to custody .

The England in which he arrived was in a peculiar condition , being neither the Brideshead cocktail party of their Ivy League fancies , nor the go-go hotspot of mini-skirted hairdressers pictured on the front of American news weeklies .
the england in which he arrived was in a peculiar [state] , being neither the brideshead cocktail party of their ivy league fancies , nor the go-go hotspot of mini-skirted hairdressers pictured on the front of american news weeklies .

He states that ideology consists of the beliefs and values of a ruling group which ‘ obscures the real condition of society both to itself and others and thereby stabilizes it ’ .
he states that ideology consists of the beliefs and values of a ruling group which ‘ obscures the real [state] of society both to itself and others and thereby stabilizes it ’ .

It is a standard condition of its schemes that partners in its projects should come from at least two member states ( but the more , the merrier ) .
it is a standard [state] of its schemes that partners in its projects should come from at least two member states ( but the more , the merrier ) .

We believe that the use of discarded fetal tissue for research and/or therapy should be to increase knowledge of human development and/or improvement of the human condition .
we believe that the use of discarded fetal tissue for research and/or therapy should be to increase knowledge of human development and/or improvement of the human [state] .

Of particular interest is the occurrence of confined chorionic mosaicism , a condition in which the fetal karyotype is discordant with the placenta , which has been described in 1 per cent of cases of chorionic villus sampling performed for prenatal cytogenetic diagnosis .
of particular interest is the occurrence of confined chorionic mosaicism , a [state] in which the fetal karyotype is discordant with the placenta , which has been described in 1 per cent of cases of chorionic villus sampling performed for prenatal cytogenetic diagnosis .

So what can be amiss with a torrent of intellectual change as imaginative and potentially as beneficent as that represented by the present condition of molecular biology ?
so what can be amiss with a torrent of intellectual change as imaginative and potentially as beneficent as that represented by the present [state] of molecular biology ?

Condition ( 1 ) is regarded as necessary because it is clearly not legitimate to conclude that all metals expand when heated on the basis of just one observation of a metal bar 's expansion , say , any more than it is legitimate to conclude that all Australians are drunkards on the basis of one observation of an intoxicated Australian .
[state] ( 1 ) is regarded as necessary because it is clearly not legitimate to conclude that all metals expand when heated on the basis of just one observation of a metal bar 's expansion , say , any more than it is legitimate to conclude that all australians are drunkards on the basis of one observation of an intoxicated australian .

That is why condition ( 2 ) is necessary .
that is why [state] ( 2 ) is necessary .

Condition ( 3 ) is essential .
[state] ( 3 ) is essential .

There is one fundamental condition that any hypothesis or system of hypotheses must satisfy if it is to be granted the status of a scientific law or theory .
there is one fundamental [state] that any hypothesis or system of hypotheses must satisfy if it is to be granted the status of a scientific law or theory .

In the late fifth-century Babylonian satrapy ‘ bow land ’ and ‘ chariot land ’ were given away on condition that the owners for the time being paid for soldiers or cavalry .
in the late fifth-century babylonian satrapy ‘ bow land ’ and ‘ chariot land ’ were given away on [state] that the owners for the time being paid for soldiers or cavalry .

Two main aspects of housing condition are important : the overall quality of the rural housing stock ; and the variations in quality within the tenure groups , a matter that is discussed in subsequent sections .
two main aspects of housing [state] are important : the overall quality of the rural housing stock ; and the variations in quality within the tenure groups , a matter that is discussed in subsequent sections .

Commentators such as Brockway ( 1932 ) found appalling rural housing conditions in many areas of England between the wars : dwellings were in physically poor condition and insanitary , lacking water , electricity , ventilation or light .
commentators such as brockway ( 1932 ) found appalling rural housing conditions in many areas of england between the wars : dwellings were in physically poor [state] and insanitary , lacking water , electricity , ventilation or light .

Since then the condition of housing in rural areas seems on average to have reached a higher standard than that in many urban areas , even where renovation or renewal policies have been conducted .
since then the [state] of housing in rural areas seems on average to have reached a higher standard than that in many urban areas , even where renovation or renewal policies have been conducted .

Nevertheless the 1976 English House Condition Survey found that over 5 per cent of the rural housing stock was still unfit , and by 1981 this had risen to 6.7 per cent ( Department of the Environment 1978 , 1982 ) .
nevertheless the 1976 english house [state] survey found that over 5 per cent of the rural housing stock was still unfit , and by 1981 this had risen to 6.7 per cent ( department of the environment 1978 , 1982 ) .

During the 1960s considerable improvements were made in the condition of the housing stock both nationally and in rural areas .
during the 1960s considerable improvements were made in the [state] of the housing stock both nationally and in rural areas .

As a result , the 1974 Housing Act introduced Housing Action Areas ( HAAs ) , designed to give priority to the improvement of areas for which GIAs are not relevant , where poor physical condition of housing is combined with social stress and deprivation .
as a result , the 1974 housing act introduced housing action areas ( haas ) , designed to give priority to the improvement of areas for which gias are not relevant , where poor physical [state] of housing is combined with social stress and deprivation .

The 1976 English House Condition Survey found that some 28 per cent of all unfit dwellings in England but only 23 per cent of total stock were in rural areas , defined to include settlements of up to 1,000 dwellings .
the 1976 english house [state] survey found that some 28 per cent of all unfit dwellings in england but only 23 per cent of total stock were in rural areas , defined to include settlements of up to 1,000 dwellings .

The 1981 English House Condition Survey ( Department of the Environment 1982 ) supports the general urban-rural differences found in 1976 , although slight changes in surveyors ' classifications of district as rural , urban or conurbations make precise comparisons difficult .
the 1981 english house [state] survey ( department of the environment 1982 ) supports the general urban-rural differences found in 1976 , although slight changes in surveyors ' classifications of district as rural , urban or conurbations make precise comparisons difficult .

This ratio shows that measures of housing condition have remained quite stable between 1976 and 1981 , with the rate of improvement perhaps being slowed down by reduced grant availability in the late 1970s , but that there are distinct differences between different types of location in the incidence of poor housing .
this ratio shows that measures of housing [state] have remained quite stable between 1976 and 1981 , with the rate of improvement perhaps being slowed down by reduced grant availability in the late 1970s , but that there are distinct differences between different types of location in the incidence of poor housing .

In general , dwellings in rural areas and conurbations are about 25 per cent more likely to be in poor condition than dwellings in provincial towns .
in general , dwellings in rural areas and conurbations are about 25 per cent more likely to be in poor [state] than dwellings in provincial towns .

Its quality , in terms of amenities and physical condition , has been found to be generally poorer than that of other rural rented accommodation , which itself is often poor ( Fletcher 1969 ) , and it can be very variable , depending as it does on the individual farmer 's upkeep .
its quality , in terms of amenities and physical [state] , has been found to be generally poorer than that of other rural rented accommodation , which itself is often poor ( fletcher 1969 ) , and it can be very variable , depending as it does on the individual farmer 's upkeep .

On October 13 , 1988 a social worker who had become concerned about her condition obtained a warrant under section 135 of the Mental Health Act 1983 and attended the patient 's home with doctors and police and , following an examination , the patient was admitted to a hospital for 72 hours .
on october 13 , 1988 a social worker who had become concerned about her [state] obtained a warrant under section 135 of the mental health act 1983 and attended the patient 's home with doctors and police and , following an examination , the patient was admitted to a hospital for 72 hours .

Bail Act 1976 , s.3(6A) — defendant accused of murder — condition on grant of bail of examination by medical practitioners — disclosure of reports
bail act 1976 , s.3(6a) — defendant accused of murder — [state] on grant of bail of examination by medical practitioners — disclosure of reports

Commentary … allows us to say something other than the text itself , but on condition that it is the text itself which is said , and in a sense completed .
commentary … allows us to say something other than the text itself , but on [state] that it is the text itself which is said , and in a sense completed .

Adorno , in the grip of German idealism which , from Kant , had reckoned the essence of art to be its disinterested quality , absolutizes a specific musical ideal as the condition of productive musical work as such — at least , under capitalism .
adorno , in the grip of german idealism which , from kant , had reckoned the essence of art to be its disinterested quality , absolutizes a specific musical ideal as the [state] of productive musical work as such — at least , under capitalism .

But functional differentiation of genres seems to disappear in Adorno 's picture ; all art apparently must aspire to the condition of the most ‘ autonomous ’ .
but functional differentiation of genres seems to disappear in adorno 's picture ; all art apparently must aspire to the [state] of the most ‘ autonomous ’ .

As an integral condition of democracy at work and beyond , the progressive reduction of social hierarchy in the division of labour , whether this hierarchy is thought in terms of mental/manual labour ( Poulantzas ) , function of capital/function of labour ( Carchedi ) , ‘ conception ’ versus ‘ execution ’ ( Braverman ) , or in some other way .
as an integral [state] of democracy at work and beyond , the progressive reduction of social hierarchy in the division of labour , whether this hierarchy is thought in terms of mental/manual labour ( poulantzas ) , function of capital/function of labour ( carchedi ) , ‘ conception ’ versus ‘ execution ’ ( braverman ) , or in some other way .

Increasing scale of the enterprise was a necessary condition for the development of the productive forces , and it also ( a ) put social planning on the agenda and ( b ) produced an increasingly concentrated and homogeneous workforce .
increasing scale of the enterprise was a necessary [state] for the development of the productive forces , and it also ( a ) put social planning on the agenda and ( b ) produced an increasingly concentrated and homogeneous workforce .

Party politics once more The starting point for this discussion — of the changing division of labour by sectors and by strata , and of the social pattern of recruitment of individuals to the positions within these divisions — was the condition of party politics as the 1960s ended , and in particular the position of the Labour Party , which had forfeited the active support on important sections of its ‘ traditional ’ partisans yet had not apparently suffered a collapse of electoral support ( as indicated by opinion polls before the 1970 election ) .
party politics once more the starting point for this discussion — of the changing division of labour by sectors and by strata , and of the social pattern of recruitment of individuals to the positions within these divisions — was the [state] of party politics as the 1960s ended , and in particular the position of the labour party , which had forfeited the active support on important sections of its ‘ traditional ’ partisans yet had not apparently suffered a collapse of electoral support ( as indicated by opinion polls before the 1970 election ) .

It was this condition that brought him close to his parishioners .
it was this [state] that brought him close to his parishioners .

It has been argued that the liberals ' respect for property precluded any satisfaction of land-hungry labourers ( some of whom had seized land in the troubles , a process of which we know nothing ) , and that the abolition of the guilds — again the programme of the eighteenth-century economists — worsened the condition of the small artisan .
it has been argued that the liberals ' respect for property precluded any satisfaction of land-hungry labourers ( some of whom had seized land in the troubles , a process of which we know nothing ) , and that the abolition of the guilds — again the programme of the eighteenth-century economists — worsened the [state] of the small artisan .

An impoverished Spanish government , appealing for funds to France , was in no condition to defend Spanish independence .
an impoverished spanish government , appealing for funds to france , was in no [state] to defend spanish independence .

This magnificent object was found by a peat-digger in dismantled condition , the embossed plates being stacked in the bottom , a sign that it was not intended to be recovered but was deposited as an offering .
this magnificent object was found by a peat-digger in dismantled [state] , the embossed plates being stacked in the bottom , a sign that it was not intended to be recovered but was deposited as an offering .

The forces of production — the combination of human labour , tools and raw materials with which men produce — condition the social structure : over time the distribution of power and wealth in society is that most conducive to the development of the productive forces .
the forces of production — the combination of human labour , tools and raw materials with which men produce — [state] the social structure : over time the distribution of power and wealth in society is that most conducive to the development of the productive forces .

The essential condition for realizing this potential is the overthrow of all forms of oppression .
the essential [state] for realizing this potential is the overthrow of all forms of oppression .

The construction of the party was an essential condition for the victory of the socialist revolution .
the construction of the party was an essential [state] for the victory of the socialist revolution .

In any case , revisionist analysis suggests that liberal treatment of the war as a ‘ bolt from the blue ’ , unconnected to Russia 's domestic condition and distorting its natural development , is artificial .
in any case , revisionist analysis suggests that liberal treatment of the war as a ‘ bolt from the blue ’ , unconnected to russia 's domestic [state] and distorting its natural development , is artificial .

For in the Soviet view , as we have seen , the construction of the party with its distinctive democratic-centralist structure was an essential condition for the victory of the socialist revolution .
for in the soviet view , as we have seen , the construction of the party with its distinctive democratic-centralist structure was an essential [state] for the victory of the socialist revolution .

By then , his condition was causing Bowles , a 35-year-old civil servant with two small children , severe pain .
by then , his [state] was causing bowles , a 35-year-old civil servant with two small children , severe pain .

If consent were not successfully produced and reproduced , this could ultimately affect the condition and prospects of the economic base , not least by making a great deal of difference to the likely success of the revolutionary struggle .
if consent were not successfully produced and reproduced , this could ultimately affect the [state] and prospects of the economic base , not least by making a great deal of difference to the likely success of the revolutionary struggle .

This solidarity took different forms in the two different kinds of society , but in each case Durkheim saw punishment as playing an important role in the creation and maintenance of the solidarity which was a necessary condition for social order and the continued existence of society .
this solidarity took different forms in the two different kinds of society , but in each case durkheim saw punishment as playing an important role in the creation and maintenance of the solidarity which was a necessary [state] for social order and the continued existence of society .

Some lived for several days in this pitiful condition , their feet gnawed by dogs , until they died in agony .
some lived for several days in this pitiful [state] , their feet gnawed by dogs , until they died in agony .

Anyway , you should n't be surprised — you said yourself that there was a risk that the two men affected by the drum explosion would be found and their condition understood .
anyway , you should n't be surprised — you said yourself that there was a risk that the two men affected by the drum explosion would be found and their [state] understood .

Either they operated some kind of taboo against such things , or else the technological relics of past civilisations were commonplace enough for them not to attach importance to a vessel which they must at least suspect to be in operable condition .
either they operated some kind of taboo against such things , or else the technological relics of past civilisations were commonplace enough for them not to attach importance to a vessel which they must at least suspect to be in operable [state] .

‘ Oh but Khan , they say that you 're in good condition for your age . ’
‘ oh but khan , they say that you 're in good [state] for your age . ’

‘ Every man will need a string of four , ’ Burun said . ‘ What is the condition of the herds ? ’
‘ every man will need a string of four , ’ burun said . ‘ what is the [state] of the herds ? ’

The ride across the G'bai was going to require st'lyan in the peak of condition .
the ride across the g'bai was going to require st'lyan in the peak of [state] .

Jotan was in a similar condition .
jotan was in a similar [state] .

He knew le Maître went every Tuesday to see his wife , although from all accounts her condition had deteriorated so much she was unable to converse with anyone and , at times , did not even recognize her husband .
he knew le maître went every tuesday to see his wife , although from all accounts her [state] had deteriorated so much she was unable to converse with anyone and , at times , did not even recognize her husband .

There is , however , a crucial condition attaching to the gift which must be met before the necessary documents can be finalized .
there is , however , a crucial [state] attaching to the gift which must be met before the necessary documents can be finalized .

Section 5.1 reviews the empirical evidence on the degree to which actual futures prices deviate from the theoretical prices given by the no-arbitrage condition of Chapter 4 .
section 5.1 reviews the empirical evidence on the degree to which actual futures prices deviate from the theoretical prices given by the no-arbitrage [state] of chapter 4 .

This is followed by a discussion of the available evidence on the speed and degree of the arbitrage response to a violation of the no-arbitrage condition .
this is followed by a discussion of the available evidence on the speed and degree of the arbitrage response to a violation of the no-arbitrage [state] .

Finally , the assumptions underlying the derivation of the no-arbitrage condition in Chapter 4 are considered in detail in Section 5.3 .
finally , the assumptions underlying the derivation of the no-arbitrage [state] in chapter 4 are considered in detail in section 5.3 .

These include predictions that the no-arbitrage condition should generally apply ; when it ceases to apply this should promptly trigger index arbitrage transactions which should rapidly eliminate the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .
these include predictions that the no-arbitrage [state] should generally apply ; when it ceases to apply this should promptly trigger index arbitrage transactions which should rapidly eliminate the deviation from the no-arbitrage [state] .

The evidence on the extent to which actual index futures prices depart from the values predicted by the no-arbitrage condition generally supports the view that economically significant departures do exist .
the evidence on the extent to which actual index futures prices depart from the values predicted by the no-arbitrage [state] generally supports the view that economically significant departures do exist .

Arbitrage restores the no-arbitrage condition by increasing the demand for the underpriced asset and increasing the supply of the overpriced asset .
arbitrage restores the no-arbitrage [state] by increasing the demand for the underpriced asset and increasing the supply of the overpriced asset .

The choice of such shares will increase the profits of the arbitrageurs , as the adverse price movement ( which helps to restore the no-arbitrage condition ) will be minimized .
the choice of such shares will increase the profits of the arbitrageurs , as the adverse price movement ( which helps to restore the no-arbitrage [state] ) will be minimized .

First , if an assumption is dropped , can a different no-arbitrage condition be derived ?
first , if an assumption is dropped , can a different no-arbitrage [state] be derived ?

Second , to what extent is the assumption met in reality , and how large is the effect of violation on the validity of the no-arbitrage condition ?
second , to what extent is the assumption met in reality , and how large is the effect of violation on the validity of the no-arbitrage [state] ?

If the effects are large , and a more general no-arbitrage condition relaxing the assumption can not be derived , then the validity of the no-arbitrage condition is conditional on the relevant assumption .
if the effects are large , and a more general no-arbitrage [state] relaxing the assumption can not be derived , then the validity of the no-arbitrage [state] is conditional on the relevant assumption .

The derivation of the no-arbitrage condition relates to a forward rather than a futures contract as marking to the market is ignored .
the derivation of the no-arbitrage [state] relates to a forward rather than a futures contract as marking to the market is ignored .

The derivation of the no-arbitrage condition requires that the risk-free borrowing and lending rates are equal .
the derivation of the no-arbitrage [state] requires that the risk-free borrowing and lending rates are equal .

The derivation of a no-arbitrage condition relies on the use of the capital market to move the cash flows arising from the arbitrage transaction through time so that they are non-zero in all time periods , and positive at least once .
the derivation of a no-arbitrage [state] relies on the use of the capital market to move the cash flows arising from the arbitrage transaction through time so that they are non-zero in all time periods , and positive at least once .

In this situation , whether an arbitrage transaction is attractive or not depends on the time preferences of the arbitrageur , and it is not possible to state a general no-arbitrage condition .
in this situation , whether an arbitrage transaction is attractive or not depends on the time preferences of the arbitrageur , and it is not possible to state a general no-arbitrage [state] .

If there is no marking to the market , variations in the riskless interest rate have no effect on the no-arbitrage condition .
if there is no marking to the market , variations in the riskless interest rate have no effect on the no-arbitrage [state] .

In the presence of marking to the market , provided the changes in the riskless interest rate are known with certainty , while the proof becomes more complicated , the no-arbitrage condition remains valid .
in the presence of marking to the market , provided the changes in the riskless interest rate are known with certainty , while the proof becomes more complicated , the no-arbitrage [state] remains valid .

Modest ( 1984 ) also made use of a no-arbitrage condition to test the effects of marking to the market in the presence of stochastic interest rates on the prices of index futures .
modest ( 1984 ) also made use of a no-arbitrage [state] to test the effects of marking to the market in the presence of stochastic interest rates on the prices of index futures .

Therefore , while Cornell and French ( 1983a ; 1983b ) have derived a generalized no-arbitrage condition for the case when interest rates are stochastic and there is marking to the market , it is of little practical interest .
therefore , while cornell and french ( 1983a ; 1983b ) have derived a generalized no-arbitrage [state] for the case when interest rates are stochastic and there is marking to the market , it is of little practical interest .

The no-arbitrage condition requires that the overall profit from trading shares , debt and futures as part of an arbitrage transaction is zero .
the no-arbitrage [state] requires that the overall profit from trading shares , debt and futures as part of an arbitrage transaction is zero .

Cornell and French ( 1983a and 1983b ) included different income and capital gains taxes on futures and shares in their no-arbitrage condition , incorporated the tax timing option and also allowed for stochastic interest rates .
cornell and french ( 1983a and 1983b ) included different income and capital gains taxes on futures and shares in their no-arbitrage [state] , incorporated the tax timing option and also allowed for stochastic interest rates .

It is possible to modify the no-arbitrage condition to cover the case in which transaction costs are present ( Modest and Sundaresan , 1983 ; Klemkosky and Lee , 1991 ) .
it is possible to modify the no-arbitrage [state] to cover the case in which transaction costs are present ( modest and sundaresan , 1983 ; klemkosky and lee , 1991 ) .

This strategy will be profitable until the sum of the transactions costs of selling the existing share portfolio and buying the index future ( including the roll-over costs , if any ) exceeds the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .
this strategy will be profitable until the sum of the transactions costs of selling the existing share portfolio and buying the index future ( including the roll-over costs , if any ) exceeds the deviation from the no-arbitrage [state] .

Presumably , they will choose the cheapest method and this will tend to alter the relative prices of shares and futures towards conforming with the no-arbitrage condition , that is , they will trade-the-cheapest .
presumably , they will choose the cheapest method and this will tend to alter the relative prices of shares and futures towards conforming with the no-arbitrage [state] , that is , they will trade-the-cheapest .

Again , they are presumed to choose the most advantageous alternative , and this will tend to restore the no-arbitrage condition .
again , they are presumed to choose the most advantageous alternative , and this will tend to restore the no-arbitrage [state] .

The deviations from the no-arbitrage condition that can not be removed in this way should not exceed the difference in transactions costs between the alternative strategies , e.g .
the deviations from the no-arbitrage [state] that can not be removed in this way should not exceed the difference in transactions costs between the alternative strategies , e.g .

Thus the no-arbitrage condition can be tested with respect to three alternative trading strategies : arbitrage , swaps and trade-the-cheapest .
thus the no-arbitrage [state] can be tested with respect to three alternative trading strategies : arbitrage , swaps and trade-the-cheapest .

Assuming the no-arbitrage condition is correct in the absence of transactions costs , these transactions costs set upper and lower bounds on the departures from this condition that can occur in a competitive market .
assuming the no-arbitrage [state] is correct in the absence of transactions costs , these transactions costs set upper and lower bounds on the departures from this [state] that can occur in a competitive market .

The weakest test of conformity with the no-arbitrage condition uses the bounds set by the transactions costs of arbitrage .
the weakest test of conformity with the no-arbitrage [state] uses the bounds set by the transactions costs of arbitrage .

Finally , the trade-the-cheapest strategy provides the tightest bounds on the deviations from the no-arbitrage condition in the absence of transactions costs , as the relevant transactions costs are the difference between those for buying ( or selling ) futures and the underlying shares .
finally , the trade-the-cheapest strategy provides the tightest bounds on the deviations from the no-arbitrage [state] in the absence of transactions costs , as the relevant transactions costs are the difference between those for buying ( or selling ) futures and the underlying shares .

Provided a sufficiently large flow of investors are taking new positions in the market , this trade-the-cheapest strategy will effectively restore the no-arbitrage condition .
provided a sufficiently large flow of investors are taking new positions in the market , this trade-the-cheapest strategy will effectively restore the no-arbitrage [state] .

The derivation of the no-arbitrage condition can be generalized to include the case where initial margin payments are required .
the derivation of the no-arbitrage [state] can be generalized to include the case where initial margin payments are required .

Provided the margin payments earn interest at the risk-free rate , the resulting no-arbitrage condition is unaltered .
provided the margin payments earn interest at the risk-free rate , the resulting no-arbitrage [state] is unaltered .

Each of the ways of expressing the no-arbitrage condition considered in Chapter 4 allows for compound growth , but not for continuous compounding .
each of the ways of expressing the no-arbitrage [state] considered in chapter 4 allows for compound growth , but not for continuous compounding .

It is possible to modify these various statements of the no-arbitrage condition to allow for continuous compounding .
it is possible to modify these various statements of the no-arbitrage [state] to allow for continuous compounding .

Modest and Sundaresan ( 1983 ) have shown that the no-arbitrage condition for futures on a geometric index is different from that for an arithmetic index .
modest and sundaresan ( 1983 ) have shown that the no-arbitrage [state] for futures on a geometric index is different from that for an arithmetic index .

Eytan and Harpaz ( 1986 ) derived a no-arbitrage condition for geometric indices covering both under- and over-pricing .
eytan and harpaz ( 1986 ) derived a no-arbitrage [state] for geometric indices covering both under- and over-pricing .

If the index is computed using ‘ stale ’ prices , it is possible that the no-arbitrage condition appears to be violated , although if current prices were used in computing the index there would be no violation .
if the index is computed using ‘ stale ’ prices , it is possible that the no-arbitrage [state] appears to be violated , although if current prices were used in computing the index there would be no violation .

This problem is of considerable empirical importance when testing the no-arbitrage condition .
this problem is of considerable empirical importance when testing the no-arbitrage [state] .

The derivation of the no-arbitrage condition assumed that all the proceeds of selling shares short are immediately available to the vendor .
the derivation of the no-arbitrage [state] assumed that all the proceeds of selling shares short are immediately available to the vendor .

Another way in which the simultaneous creation of the arbitrage position in both the spot and futures markets may not occur is when only one of these markets is open , in which case the no-arbitrage condition is undefined , and arbitrage transactions are impossible .
another way in which the simultaneous creation of the arbitrage position in both the spot and futures markets may not occur is when only one of these markets is open , in which case the no-arbitrage [state] is undefined , and arbitrage transactions are impossible .

The derivation of the no-arbitrage condition in Chapter 4 relied upon the payment of the capital gains or losses on the shares and futures contracts at delivery .
the derivation of the no-arbitrage [state] in chapter 4 relied upon the payment of the capital gains or losses on the shares and futures contracts at delivery .

If marking to the market exists , this condition is not met for futures , and has been discussed above in connection with the no-marking-to-market assumption .
if marking to the market exists , this [state] is not met for futures , and has been discussed above in connection with the no-marking-to-market assumption .

Thus , the omission of a default premium from the no-arbitrage condition is probably of little consequence for futures traded on established and well-regulated exchanges .
thus , the omission of a default premium from the no-arbitrage [state] is probably of little consequence for futures traded on established and well-regulated exchanges .

The lack of dividends is reflected in the no-arbitrage condition , while the absence of voting rights is not .
the lack of dividends is reflected in the no-arbitrage [state] , while the absence of voting rights is not .

The value of these rights is not included in the no-arbitrage condition .
the value of these rights is not included in the no-arbitrage [state] .

This possible benefit of index futures ( which is likely to be very small ) is ignored by the no-arbitrage condition .
this possible benefit of index futures ( which is likely to be very small ) is ignored by the no-arbitrage [state] .

Apart from financing costs , which are included in the no-arbitrage condition , it is assumed the underlying asset , the shares which comprise the index , can be stored costlessly and does not depreciate with storage .
apart from financing costs , which are included in the no-arbitrage [state] , it is assumed the underlying asset , the shares which comprise the index , can be stored costlessly and does not depreciate with storage .

Therefore , there is no need to include such holding costs in the no-arbitrage condition .
therefore , there is no need to include such holding costs in the no-arbitrage [state] .

The derivation of the no-arbitrage condition for futures prices assumes that the value of the index is given .
the derivation of the no-arbitrage [state] for futures prices assumes that the value of the index is given .

In a dynamic world , the relevant information set underlying this no-arbitrage condition is continually changing , leading to continuous movement in the no-arbitrage spot and futures prices .
in a dynamic world , the relevant information set underlying this no-arbitrage [state] is continually changing , leading to continuous movement in the no-arbitrage spot and futures prices .

Billingsley and Chance ( 1988 ) used the no-arbitrage condition for an individual future to give a no-arbitrage condition for an intracommodity spread by differencing the no-arbitrage conditions for the constituent futures contracts .
billingsley and chance ( 1988 ) used the no-arbitrage [state] for an individual future to give a no-arbitrage [state] for an intracommodity spread by differencing the no-arbitrage conditions for the constituent futures contracts .

She pointed out that since , in equilibrium , futures and spot prices are related by a no-arbitrage condition , the existence of a risk premium can be investigated using either spot or futures prices .
she pointed out that since , in equilibrium , futures and spot prices are related by a no-arbitrage [state] , the existence of a risk premium can be investigated using either spot or futures prices .

’ Viscount Simon stated that Rylands v. Fletcher is conditioned by two elements which he called ( a ) ‘ the condition of ‘ escape ’ from the land of something likely to do mischief if it escapes , ’ and ( b ) ‘ the condition of ‘ non-natural ’ use of the land .
’ viscount simon stated that rylands v. fletcher is conditioned by two elements which he called ( a ) ‘ the [state] of ‘ escape ’ from the land of something likely to do mischief if it escapes , ’ and ( b ) ‘ the [state] of ‘ non-natural ’ use of the land .

It must be stressed that although a natural condition can not give rise to liability under the rule in Rylands v. Fletcher it may still constitute a nuisance for which an occupier may be liable if he has knowledge or means of knowledge of its existence and if it is reasonable to require him to take the necessary steps to abate it .
it must be stressed that although a natural [state] can not give rise to liability under the rule in rylands v. fletcher it may still constitute a nuisance for which an occupier may be liable if he has knowledge or means of knowledge of its existence and if it is reasonable to require him to take the necessary steps to abate it .

If , however , this condition is not satisfied , it is submitted that he ought not to be liable .
if , however , this [state] is not satisfied , it is submitted that he ought not to be liable .

The refusal must , however , be unconditional or , if it is conditional , the condition must be an unreasonable one .
the refusal must , however , be unconditional or , if it is conditional , the [state] must be an unreasonable one .

Accordingly , all authorities must provide facilities for the initial and temporary reception of children with the necessary skilled staff for observing and assessing their physical , mental and emotional condition .
accordingly , all authorities must provide facilities for the initial and temporary reception of children with the necessary skilled staff for observing and assessing their physical , mental and emotional [state] .

Some problems are fairly obvious : whether the disability is congenital , or the result of an accident or disease , the maximum amount of medical care available is required , in order to minimize the effects of the disability , or arrest the causative condition .
some problems are fairly obvious : whether the disability is congenital , or the result of an accident or disease , the maximum amount of medical care available is required , in order to minimize the effects of the disability , or arrest the causative [state] .

‘ Mental handicap ’ is the term that has come into general usage to describe a condition of arrested or incomplete development of mind .
‘ mental handicap ’ is the term that has come into general usage to describe a [state] of arrested or incomplete development of mind .

Children born with Down 's Syndrome , a condition caused by a chromosome abnormality in which those affected show distinctive ‘ mongoloid ’ features from birth , provide one example ; others are cases where the handicap results from disturbances in metabolic or hormonal functioning or from brain damage at birth .
children born with down 's syndrome , a [state] caused by a chromosome abnormality in which those affected show distinctive ‘ mongoloid ’ features from birth , provide one example ; others are cases where the handicap results from disturbances in metabolic or hormonal functioning or from brain damage at birth .

Neuroses , in contrast , are often extreme forms of normal behavioural or emotional patterns , such as depression or anxiety , and the patient usually retains some insight into their condition .
neuroses , in contrast , are often extreme forms of normal behavioural or emotional patterns , such as depression or anxiety , and the patient usually retains some insight into their [state] .

Unfortunately other people in the camp had by then also realised her condition and someone had told her brother .
unfortunately other people in the camp had by then also realised her [state] and someone had told her brother .

’ British patients wait longer than most of their European neighbours to be seen by a hospital doctor , and for many the wait is not just weeks but months — months that may potentially make a great difference to their condition , as German et al show ( p 429 ) .
’ british patients wait longer than most of their european neighbours to be seen by a hospital doctor , and for many the wait is not just weeks but months — months that may potentially make a great difference to their [state] , as german et al show ( p 429 ) .

Last autumn the Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Association launched a campaign to raise awareness of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and , together with the Sports Council 's National Sports Medicine Institute , announced a pilot screening programme to detect the condition among young athletes .
last autumn the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy association launched a campaign to raise awareness of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and , together with the sports council 's national sports medicine institute , announced a pilot screening programme to detect the [state] among young athletes .

Certainly the condition has potentially devastating effects , as the tragic cases of sudden death in apparently fit young people described by the association illustrate .
certainly the [state] has potentially devastating effects , as the tragic cases of sudden death in apparently fit young people described by the association illustrate .

However , the condition is not common .
however , the [state] is not common .

The condition is associated with a high incidence of sudden death ( 2.5 % per year in adults and 6 % in children and adolescents ) , and it is the commonest recognised cause of sudden death in competitive athletes .
the [state] is associated with a high incidence of sudden death ( 2.5 % per year in adults and 6 % in children and adolescents ) , and it is the commonest recognised cause of sudden death in competitive athletes .

The recent finding of mutations in the gene coding for β-myosin heavy chain in some families with the condition has both clarified the nature of the genetic defect and simultaneously raised the prospect of some form of genetic screening .
the recent finding of mutations in the gene coding for β-myosin heavy chain in some families with the [state] has both clarified the nature of the genetic defect and simultaneously raised the prospect of some form of genetic screening .

Given the low incidence of the condition , lack of proved treatments , and low sensitivity and specificity of the available screening tests , widespread testing of the general population can not yet be advised .
given the low incidence of the [state] , lack of proved treatments , and low sensitivity and specificity of the available screening tests , widespread testing of the general population can not yet be advised .

The major benefit would be in raising awareness of this potentially devastating condition .
the major benefit would be in raising awareness of this potentially devastating [state] .

Some anomalies , like fetal hydrops , relate to the current condition of the fetus while others , like cardiovascular abnormalities , are of considerable importance in predicting the future condition of the fetus .
some anomalies , like fetal hydrops , relate to the current [state] of the fetus while others , like cardiovascular abnormalities , are of considerable importance in predicting the future [state] of the fetus .

They do not use actual figures specific to treatment of that condition alone but figures derived from data from the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys to which a correction based on figures from the Yorkshire region has been applied .
they do not use actual figures specific to treatment of that [state] alone but figures derived from data from the office of population censuses and surveys to which a correction based on figures from the yorkshire region has been applied .

It is surprising , and possibly inappropriate , that a leading article on a middle ear condition should be written by someone who specialises in general practice , rather than by an otologist , and by someone who may be less well acquainted with the problems of long waiting times in Britain than a British specialist .
it is surprising , and possibly inappropriate , that a leading article on a middle ear [state] should be written by someone who specialises in general practice , rather than by an otologist , and by someone who may be less well acquainted with the problems of long waiting times in britain than a british specialist .

Many patients who thereby benefit from continuation of treatment as a condition of discharge from hospital are able to resume relationships and activities that would be hazardous without such treatment .
many patients who thereby benefit from continuation of treatment as a [state] of discharge from hospital are able to resume relationships and activities that would be hazardous without such treatment .

Once again , for this unusual condition treatment need not be prolonged .
once again , for this unusual [state] treatment need not be prolonged .

In these social security provisions we see a set of values and institutional arrangements which condition the position and experience of those out of work , and which is both premised upon and reinforces a male-dominated notion of unemployment .
in these social security provisions we see a set of values and institutional arrangements which [state] the position and experience of those out of work , and which is both premised upon and reinforces a male-dominated notion of unemployment .

The dependency relationship between older people , the state and the labour market was institutionalised by the ‘ retirement condition ’ , introduced in 1949 , whereby state pensions were conditional on retirement rather than age .
the dependency relationship between older people , the state and the labour market was institutionalised by the ‘ retirement [state] ’ , introduced in 1949 , whereby state pensions were conditional on retirement rather than age .

( Ironically , Beveridge ( 1942 ) had hoped that the retirement condition would encourage workers to defer retirement . )
( ironically , beveridge ( 1942 ) had hoped that the retirement [state] would encourage workers to defer retirement . )

On 1 October 1989 the retirement condition was abolished along with the earnings rule which placed restrictions on what national insurance pensioners could earn .
on 1 october 1989 the retirement [state] was abolished along with the earnings rule which placed restrictions on what national insurance pensioners could earn .

One way in which the 1975 legislation can be said to have further endorsed the domestic division of labour is by making provision of widows ' pensions by occupational schemes one condition of approval by the Occupational Pensions Board .
one way in which the 1975 legislation can be said to have further endorsed the domestic division of labour is by making provision of widows ' pensions by occupational schemes one [state] of approval by the occupational pensions board .

Employers can no longer require membership of an occupational pension scheme as a condition of service .
employers can no longer require membership of an occupational pension scheme as a [state] of service .

Both the major definitions of poverty — as an absolute and as a relative condition — turn on the question of individual health .
both the major definitions of poverty — as an absolute and as a relative [state] — turn on the question of individual health .

Admittedly , the back condition responsible is partly congenital , but that can not disguise the root cause , namely over-use .
admittedly , the back [state] responsible is partly congenital , but that can not disguise the root cause , namely over-use .

The dentist recording the dental condition of both the women from Anglesey and the control group from the non-fluoridated Gwynedd mainland was blind to women 's residential status ; those living in the fluoridated area had 30 % fewer caries .
the dentist recording the dental [state] of both the women from anglesey and the control group from the non-fluoridated gwynedd mainland was blind to women 's residential status ; those living in the fluoridated area had 30 % fewer caries .

Old people have the highest incidence of dementia , a condition with over 100 distinct causes .
old people have the highest incidence of dementia , a [state] with over 100 distinct causes .

The pressing question is what is it about being female that increases the risk of this condition ?
the pressing question is what is it about being female that increases the risk of this [state] ?

Exploration of the testicle was deferred because of the potentially life threatening medical condition .
exploration of the testicle was deferred because of the potentially life threatening medical [state] .

As the debate about contracting , fundholding , rationing , waiting list initiatives , and the patient 's charter rages it is important to document the incidence of complications , which — unlike the primary condition — are often treated in local provider units .
as the debate about contracting , fundholding , rationing , waiting list initiatives , and the patient 's charter rages it is important to document the incidence of complications , which — unlike the primary [state] — are often treated in local provider units .

Labetalol is theoretically better , but experience with this drug in this condition is limited .
labetalol is theoretically better , but experience with this drug in this [state] is limited .

In effect , this group of ears represents the natural history of the untreated condition .
in effect , this group of ears represents the natural history of the untreated [state] .

From a questionnaire given to parents the reported duration of hearing loss preoperatively was added to the three months of observation and to the duration of the condition postoperatively to give an overall estimate .
from a questionnaire given to parents the reported duration of hearing loss preoperatively was added to the three months of observation and to the duration of the [state] postoperatively to give an overall estimate .

No data exist for outcome of the untreated chronic condition followed for more than five years .
no data exist for outcome of the untreated chronic [state] followed for more than five years .

Nevertheless , without any treatment the condition improved as time passed .
nevertheless , without any treatment the [state] improved as time passed .

Because surgery reduces the postoperative duration of the fluid the earlier it is performed the shorter is the overall duration of the condition .
because surgery reduces the postoperative duration of the fluid the earlier it is performed the shorter is the overall duration of the [state] .

Information about condition and treatment
information about [state] and treatment

The working party identified liveborn infants with the condition in six health board areas during 1971–85 .
the working party identified liveborn infants with the [state] in six health board areas during 1971–85 .

After the discovery of buried disc drusen , however , we reviewed the literature , and it emerged that late leakage of dye is recognised in this condition .
after the discovery of buried disc drusen , however , we reviewed the literature , and it emerged that late leakage of dye is recognised in this [state] .

Contrary to what Harney says , the disc margins in this condition need not remain well defined .
contrary to what harney says , the disc margins in this [state] need not remain well defined .

, on the Express condition that the Parish should pay him four pound more — Therefore the Parish of Kildaltan are Stented with the said sum .
, on the express [state] that the parish should pay him four pound more — therefore the parish of kildaltan are stented with the said sum .

21–7 `` Letters were read from the secretary and convener of the Praise Committee of the Church with regard to a grant for assisting the congregation to secure an instrument to be used in congregational praise , from which it appears that the Committee were prepared to give £10 on condition that the instrument would be introduced in connection with public worship , and that the congregation contributed a suitable proportion of the cost . ``
21–7 `` letters were read from the secretary and convener of the praise committee of the church with regard to a grant for assisting the congregation to secure an instrument to be used in congregational praise , from which it appears that the committee were prepared to give £10 on [state] that the instrument would be introduced in connection with public worship , and that the congregation contributed a suitable proportion of the cost . ``

The increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases and may originate in early life suggests an increasing role for primary care in the management and prevention of the condition in future .
the increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases and may originate in early life suggests an increasing role for primary care in the management and prevention of the [state] in future .

Prevalence of hypoxaemia , defined as arterial oxygen saturation <90% determined by pulse oximetry , and condition of patient on the fifth day after admission .
prevalence of hypoxaemia , defined as arterial oxygen saturation <90% determined by pulse oximetry , and [state] of patient on the fifth day after admission .

Many authors felt that the best way to structure diabetic care in general practice was for general practitioners to set up miniclinics in order to create the ‘ protected time ’ needed for assessment of a complex condition .
many authors felt that the best way to structure diabetic care in general practice was for general practitioners to set up miniclinics in order to create the ‘ protected time ’ needed for assessment of a complex [state] .

These two facts mean that diabetes is both a common and important clinical condition .
these two facts mean that diabetes is both a common and important clinical [state] .

Rupture of the diaphragm caused by blunt trauma is an uncommon injury in children ; the condition may present late , so a high degree of awareness is essential for prompt diagnosis
rupture of the diaphragm caused by blunt trauma is an uncommon injury in children ; the [state] may present late , so a high degree of awareness is essential for prompt diagnosis

As there is considerable clinical uncertainty and variation in practice in this condition such debate is to be welcomed .
as there is considerable clinical uncertainty and variation in practice in this [state] such debate is to be welcomed .

Use of the term staphylococcal toxaemia might emphasise the need to treat this condition specifically and before the development of shock , which has a far higher associated mortality .
use of the term staphylococcal toxaemia might emphasise the need to treat this [state] specifically and before the development of shock , which has a far higher associated mortality .

Bosley and colleagues ' suggestion that there is a need for the condition to become notifiable should be supported .
bosley and colleagues ' suggestion that there is a need for the [state] to become notifiable should be supported .

This is clearly the assumption in those countries where the condition is widely ‘ treated ’ with a variety of drugs .
this is clearly the assumption in those countries where the [state] is widely ‘ treated ’ with a variety of drugs .

It should include : a review of the physical condition and general suitability of the house alterations , adaptations and aids home support services the advisability or otherwise of a move financial needs Major upgrading of a substandard house may exacerbate dementia ; decisions need to be made in each case as to what improvements can be made with minimal disturbance to familiar surroundings .
it should include : a review of the physical [state] and general suitability of the house alterations , adaptations and aids home support services the advisability or otherwise of a move financial needs major upgrading of a substandard house may exacerbate dementia ; decisions need to be made in each case as to what improvements can be made with minimal disturbance to familiar surroundings .

4.1 Physical condition and suitability of house
4.1 physical [state] and suitability of house

Dementia and/or confusion was by far the most common condition requiring such a move ( 50 % ) .
dementia and/or confusion was by far the most common [state] requiring such a move ( 50 % ) .

At present there is no standard assessment offered to anyone seeking or requiring care as a result of their mental condition and as a consequence placement can be decided on factors other than the medical and social needs of the sufferer .
at present there is no standard assessment offered to anyone seeking or requiring care as a result of their mental [state] and as a consequence placement can be decided on factors other than the medical and social needs of the sufferer .

The prime role of the day hospital for patients with dementia ( The Pinel Centre ) is to cater for more severely dementing patients than can usually be cared for in alternative facilities , particularly when behaviour disturbance is a prominent feature of the patient 's condition .
the prime role of the day hospital for patients with dementia ( the pinel centre ) is to cater for more severely dementing patients than can usually be cared for in alternative facilities , particularly when behaviour disturbance is a prominent feature of the patient 's [state] .

We then put together a package of care within the resources that are available within the community to meet their individual needs and this will be changing as the sufferer 's condition deteriorates .
we then put together a package of care within the resources that are available within the community to meet their individual needs and this will be changing as the sufferer 's [state] deteriorates .

It so happened that in 1885 a Royal Commission had been set up `` to investigate and report upon , the condition of the blind in the United Kingdom , the various systems of education of the blind … the employments open to and suitable for the blind and the means by which education may be extended so as to increase the number of blind persons qualified for such employments . ``
it so happened that in 1885 a royal commission had been set up `` to investigate and report upon , the [state] of the blind in the united kingdom , the various systems of education of the blind … the employments open to and suitable for the blind and the means by which education may be extended so as to increase the number of blind persons qualified for such employments . ``

The Commission had hardly begun its deliberations when public concern and political pressure ensured that it was asked `` to investigate and report similarly upon the condition and education of the Deaf and Dumb . ``
the commission had hardly begun its deliberations when public concern and political pressure ensured that it was asked `` to investigate and report similarly upon the [state] and education of the deaf and dumb . ``

This Congress was convened to celebrate the hundredth anniversary of the death of the Abbe de l'Epee a foremost pioneer in the history of deaf education , and was intended `` to prove the progress which had been accomplished during the last century in the moral , material and social condition of the adult deaf and dumb ; therefore this Congress will not have anything to do with , or to remark on the methods of teaching which is not in its province `` .
this congress was convened to celebrate the hundredth anniversary of the death of the abbe de l'epee a foremost pioneer in the history of deaf education , and was intended `` to prove the progress which had been accomplished during the last century in the moral , material and social [state] of the adult deaf and dumb ; therefore this congress will not have anything to do with , or to remark on the methods of teaching which is not in its province `` .

Few had any experience of moving about and getting together , and unless educated , which only a small minority was , had no expectation of improving their condition .
few had any experience of moving about and getting together , and unless educated , which only a small minority was , had no expectation of improving their [state] .

The world is tragic because men and women are compelled to struggle against the oppressive , deathly forces of their social condition in order to accede to the world of the living .
the world is tragic because men and women are compelled to struggle against the oppressive , deathly forces of their social [state] in order to accede to the world of the living .

This interaction between writer and reader is legitimately described as tragic insofar as literature becomes the site in which the reader is confronted by the tragedy of his/her social condition .
this interaction between writer and reader is legitimately described as tragic insofar as literature becomes the site in which the reader is confronted by the tragedy of his/her social [state] .

The great novelist , in Nizan 's eyes , should be an `` anti-Dostoievsky `` , that is to say , a writer who can at one level emulate Dostoievsky 's ability to transpose on to the literary plane the anguish and despair of men and women struggling alone and unaided in the midst of a tragic social situation , and yet who can at another level go beyond Dostoievsky , offer a coherent explanation of the specific historical situation in which men and women are trapped , and focus attention at the same time on the political means of combating the injustices of their social condition .
the great novelist , in nizan 's eyes , should be an `` anti-dostoievsky `` , that is to say , a writer who can at one level emulate dostoievsky 's ability to transpose on to the literary plane the anguish and despair of men and women struggling alone and unaided in the midst of a tragic social situation , and yet who can at another level go beyond dostoievsky , offer a coherent explanation of the specific historical situation in which men and women are trapped , and focus attention at the same time on the political means of combating the injustices of their social [state] .

Despite the increased use of imaging there was still a similar delay in recognising the condition before admission since there were no significant differences between the two periods with regard to age on admission , duration of vomiting , and state of hydration on presentation .
despite the increased use of imaging there was still a similar delay in recognising the [state] before admission since there were no significant differences between the two periods with regard to age on admission , duration of vomiting , and state of hydration on presentation .

Rheumatoid arthritis commonly affects postmenopausal women , and osteoporosis and resultant fractures may contribute to the morbidity of the condition .
rheumatoid arthritis commonly affects postmenopausal women , and osteoporosis and resultant fractures may contribute to the morbidity of the [state] .

It may reduce contention if comparison in a league table is restricted to those interventions targeted at one condition ( such as cardiovascular disease ) or at one group of patients ( such as elderly people ) .
it may reduce contention if comparison in a league table is restricted to those interventions targeted at one [state] ( such as cardiovascular disease ) or at one group of patients ( such as elderly people ) .

This tailors the list to the condition that is under review .
this tailors the list to the [state] that is under review .

Secondly , there is a temptation to attach a diagnostic label to each condition so that it fits neatly on the problem list .
secondly , there is a temptation to attach a diagnostic label to each [state] so that it fits neatly on the problem list .

We believe that screening programmes are still necessary to learn more about the condition .
we believe that screening programmes are still necessary to learn more about the [state] .

It is assumed , in addition , that all significant propositions , irrespective of their truth or falsity , must in principle be explicable in terms of propositions about such entities as a condition of their significance .
it is assumed , in addition , that all significant propositions , irrespective of their truth or falsity , must in principle be explicable in terms of propositions about such entities as a [state] of their significance .

If propositions purporting to be about fictional things are to be accepted as meaningful , then it is only on condition that they can be paraphrased into propositions about non-fictional things ; for example , into propositions about persons who are thinking , alleging , claiming , etc .
if propositions purporting to be about fictional things are to be accepted as meaningful , then it is only on [state] that they can be paraphrased into propositions about non-fictional things ; for example , into propositions about persons who are thinking , alleging , claiming , etc .

One such condition is a corollary of the Principle of Contradiction , and may be stated as follows .
one such [state] is a corollary of the principle of contradiction , and may be stated as follows .

Thus the tendency , normally , is to take the view that a condition of significantly claiming x to be actually existent is that it should be possible to ask `` Where is x ? ``
thus the tendency , normally , is to take the view that a [state] of significantly claiming x to be actually existent is that it should be possible to ask `` where is x ? ``

With regard to `` temporality `` ( in the sense in which this concept was used above ) , this can not be regarded as a sufficient condition of particularity so long as it is not shown that temporality alone ( in the indicated sense ) ensures numerical identity of particulars ; and if we are to be able to justifiably claim that it is a necessary condition of particularity , we must first show that there can be no extra-temporal particulars . ``
with regard to `` temporality `` ( in the sense in which this concept was used above ) , this can not be regarded as a sufficient [state] of particularity so long as it is not shown that temporality alone ( in the indicated sense ) ensures numerical identity of particulars ; and if we are to be able to justifiably claim that it is a necessary [state] of particularity , we must first show that there can be no extra-temporal particulars . ``

But the two latter statements do not presuppose any irreducibly relational facts as a condition of their own truth .
but the two latter statements do not presuppose any irreducibly relational facts as a [state] of their own truth .

They begin with the essentially sound premiss that no physical property that one might have is a logically sufficient condition of one having a particular experience .
they begin with the essentially sound premiss that no physical property that one might have is a logically sufficient [state] of one having a particular experience .

When someone complains that he has a toothache , or attributes a similar condition to another person , what exactly is he saying ?
when someone complains that he has a toothache , or attributes a similar [state] to another person , what exactly is he saying ?

The respiratory condition in this group of children improved with age .
the respiratory [state] in this group of children improved with age .

The figures are different to the perception of those not incontinent who were asked the same question : 71 % ( 2564 ) thought that the condition would have a great deal or fair amount of effect on their lifestyle and only 20 % ( 692 ) not much or none at all .
the figures are different to the perception of those not incontinent who were asked the same question : 71 % ( 2564 ) thought that the [state] would have a great deal or fair amount of effect on their lifestyle and only 20 % ( 692 ) not much or none at all .

The prevalence of incontinence according to the International Continence Society 's definition — a condition in which involuntary loss of urine is a social or hygienic problem and is objectively demonstrable — is unknown .
the prevalence of incontinence according to the international continence society 's definition — a [state] in which involuntary loss of urine is a social or hygienic problem and is objectively demonstrable — is unknown .

The fact that three quarters of those prescribed medication thought it to have been very or fairly effective may be thought to vindicate this as a first line approach , but side effects from anticholinergic drugs are common , and important diagnoses ( for example , a neurological condition ) may be delayed .
the fact that three quarters of those prescribed medication thought it to have been very or fairly effective may be thought to vindicate this as a first line approach , but side effects from anticholinergic drugs are common , and important diagnoses ( for example , a neurological [state] ) may be delayed .

It is notable that a quarter of both incontinent and non-incontinent subjects think it is due to a medical condition , a quarter of incontinent women that it is due to childbirth , and a quarter do n't know .
it is notable that a quarter of both incontinent and non-incontinent subjects think it is due to a medical [state] , a quarter of incontinent women that it is due to childbirth , and a quarter do n't know .

The second method is to use a waiting list so that only those whose condition is mild enough to enable care to continue at home will be admitted .
the second method is to use a waiting list so that only those whose [state] is mild enough to enable care to continue at home will be admitted .

Only 20 % identified hypothyroidism , even though this condition is more likely to be detected ( three cases in our study ) .
only 20 % identified hypothyroidism , even though this [state] is more likely to be detected ( three cases in our study ) .

This condition is mostly dealt with in the community , which often means that it is not dealt with at all .
this [state] is mostly dealt with in the community , which often means that it is not dealt with at all .

Many different factors contribute to the neglect and invisibility of maternal depression , not least the confusion between a rare psychotic illness and a common condition .
many different factors contribute to the neglect and invisibility of maternal depression , not least the confusion between a rare psychotic illness and a common [state] .

But London disliked the condition , which Schuman had made a non-negotiable basis for talks on his Plan , that all member states must accept the principle of supranational co-operation .
but london disliked the [state] , which schuman had made a non-negotiable basis for talks on his plan , that all member states must accept the principle of supranational co-operation .

Why the French insisted on this condition was obvious : supranationalism was essential in order to create strong institutions which could limit Germany 's industrial independence in future .
why the french insisted on this [state] was obvious : supranationalism was essential in order to create strong institutions which could limit germany 's industrial independence in future .

The most usual category of finds needing conservation is metalwork , but this can often remain in a stable condition for several months ; on the other hand , finds such as those of wood or leather require immediate conservation on site as they are excavated .
the most usual category of finds needing conservation is metalwork , but this can often remain in a stable [state] for several months ; on the other hand , finds such as those of wood or leather require immediate conservation on site as they are excavated .

Most finds that were simply lost ( small and easily mislaid , such as coins and brooches ) or objects that fell into places from which they could not be retrieved , such as wells , are often complete and may be in very good condition , depending on the materials from which they are made and the conditions in which they have been buried .
most finds that were simply lost ( small and easily mislaid , such as coins and brooches ) or objects that fell into places from which they could not be retrieved , such as wells , are often complete and may be in very good [state] , depending on the materials from which they are made and the conditions in which they have been buried .

In fact timbers rarely survive to be discovered on archaeological sites , and when they do they are not always in good enough condition to be used for dating ; furthermore , if they were part of timber structures and had been shaped , not enough of the ring pattern may survive .
in fact timbers rarely survive to be discovered on archaeological sites , and when they do they are not always in good enough [state] to be used for dating ; furthermore , if they were part of timber structures and had been shaped , not enough of the ring pattern may survive .

Alone with Henrietta , the woman he came closest to loving , Minton must have confronted more forcibly than ever before the nature of his condition .
alone with henrietta , the woman he came closest to loving , minton must have confronted more forcibly than ever before the nature of his [state] .

We made it a condition that , as far as possible , teachers and pupils should be observed working in their usual way .
we made it a [state] that , as far as possible , teachers and pupils should be observed working in their usual way .

The current condition of capitalism
the current [state] of capitalism

under modern capitalist conditions there is no one central condition that causally determines all other conditions on a base-superstructure or primary-secondary manner .
under modern capitalist conditions there is no one central [state] that causally determines all other conditions on a base-superstructure or primary-secondary manner .

The most diligent student of the region 's past will find it extremely difficult to fix upon any period in earlier times in which the condition of the people can be seen as more attractive than the point reached by the early 1960s .
the most diligent student of the region 's past will find it extremely difficult to fix upon any period in earlier times in which the [state] of the people can be seen as more attractive than the point reached by the early 1960s .

The next , industrial landownership , involves those who own land as a condition of production .
the next , industrial landownership , involves those who own land as a [state] of production .

It contained an area of nineteenth-century by-law housing , the old commercial centre of the town which by this time was in a semi-derelict condition , and the slum-cleared and redeveloped area of Dockwray Square with medium-rise council flats .
it contained an area of nineteenth-century by-law housing , the old commercial centre of the town which by this time was in a semi-derelict [state] , and the slum-cleared and redeveloped area of dockwray square with medium-rise council flats .

The objectives in relation to each area were to control urban sprawl and preserve the inner areas as housing locations , to use land availability as part of a programme of economic regeneration and preserve sites suitable for large-scale developments , and to maintain existing shopping centres in a viable condition .
the objectives in relation to each area were to control urban sprawl and preserve the inner areas as housing locations , to use land availability as part of a programme of economic regeneration and preserve sites suitable for large-scale developments , and to maintain existing shopping centres in a viable [state] .

The final aspect of housing which merits attention is the condition of the older housing stock .
the final aspect of housing which merits attention is the [state] of the older housing stock .

However as immigration , at least from the New Commonwealth , has been restricted by various Immigration Acts , so sociological interest has shifted to the inequalities of condition and opportunity of ethnic minorities resident in Britain , many members of which were born in the country .
however as immigration , at least from the new commonwealth , has been restricted by various immigration acts , so sociological interest has shifted to the inequalities of [state] and opportunity of ethnic minorities resident in britain , many members of which were born in the country .

My own reading of the evidence is that the wide ranging family network ( Rosser and Harris 's ‘ extended family ’ ) is fast losing all functional significance and , that being so , the elementary family of conjugal pair and children is reverting to its original condition — once again it is a domestic group not a kinship group . Leach ( 1968 )
my own reading of the evidence is that the wide ranging family network ( rosser and harris 's ‘ extended family ’ ) is fast losing all functional significance and , that being so , the elementary family of conjugal pair and children is reverting to its original [state] — once again it is a domestic group not a kinship group . leach ( 1968 )

The condition of London during the nineteenth century was particularly bad .
the [state] of london during the nineteenth century was particularly bad .

The Department of Employment therefore proposed an alternative of giving industrial tribunal chairmen , acting alone , discretion at the pre-hearing stage , on the application of one of the parties or of its own motion , to require a deposit of up to £150 from the other party as a condition of proceeding further , if the chairman considered that the case had no reasonable prospect of success .
the department of employment therefore proposed an alternative of giving industrial tribunal chairmen , acting alone , discretion at the pre-hearing stage , on the application of one of the parties or of its own motion , to require a deposit of up to £150 from the other party as a [state] of proceeding further , if the chairman considered that the case had no reasonable prospect of success .

The most common condition is that the appellant must bear the costs of the appeal whatever the outcome .
the most common [state] is that the appellant must bear the costs of the appeal whatever the outcome .

No doubt if such a condition were not written into the Act , the trial judge and the House of Lords would have regard to the significance of the adoption of the procedure for litigants and to their wishes in exercising their respective discretions to grant a certificate or leave to appeal .
no doubt if such a [state] were not written into the act , the trial judge and the house of lords would have regard to the significance of the adoption of the procedure for litigants and to their wishes in exercising their respective discretions to grant a certificate or leave to appeal .

All solicitors other than employed solicitors are also required to take out compulsory professional indemnity insurance as a condition of the grant of the annual practising certificate .
all solicitors other than employed solicitors are also required to take out compulsory professional indemnity insurance as a [state] of the grant of the annual practising certificate .

As yet , so far as religious houses were concerned , it was the alienation of the gift , not the failure to fulfil the condition , that prompted recovery by the donor .
as yet , so far as religious houses were concerned , it was the alienation of the gift , not the failure to fulfil the [state] , that prompted recovery by the donor .

Clerical taxation by the king was allowable only when and so long as the realm was endangered , a condition which the clergy were to judge .
clerical taxation by the king was allowable only when and so long as the realm was endangered , a [state] which the clergy were to judge .

Convocations yielded large and invaluable subsidies to the crown in the course of the war , but they often did so grudgingly and upon condition that some of their grievances were redressed .
convocations yielded large and invaluable subsidies to the crown in the course of the war , but they often did so grudgingly and upon [state] that some of their grievances were redressed .

If we are not careful , use of this example to defuse the pretensions of a certainty condition will result in our losing the belief condition we were trying to defend .
if we are not careful , use of this example to defuse the pretensions of a certainty [state] will result in our losing the belief [state] we were trying to defend .

So we might add to the tripartite analysis the fourth condition that nothing can be known which is inferred from a false belief , or from a group of beliefs of which one is false .
so we might add to the tripartite analysis the fourth [state] that nothing can be known which is inferred from a false belief , or from a group of beliefs of which one is false .

However , it is in danger of rendering the first condition for knowledge redundant .
however , it is in danger of rendering the first [state] for knowledge redundant .

Thus we could require as our fourth condition that our justification would remain even when every truth is added to our belief set , all at once .
thus we could require as our fourth [state] that our justification would remain even when every truth is added to our belief set , all at once .

For a necessary condition for such knowledge , 3 ( that if it were not true that you are not a brain in a vat , you would not believe that you are not a brain in a vat ) fails .
for a necessary [state] for such knowledge , 3 ( that if it were not true that you are not a brain in a vat , you would not believe that you are not a brain in a vat ) fails .

One purpose of the preceding section was to show that an interest in the strengths and weaknesses of the tripartite condition can yield genuine philosophical profit .
one purpose of the preceding section was to show that an interest in the strengths and weaknesses of the tripartite [state] can yield genuine philosophical profit .

a 's belief 2 is caused by the fact that p is true is an externalist conception , because condition 4 is one which a might be entirely incapable of recognizing or pointing to when asked whether he does know that p .
a 's belief 2 is caused by the fact that p is true is an externalist conception , because [state] 4 is one which a might be entirely incapable of recognizing or pointing to when asked whether he does know that p .

The externalist says , in this case , that so long as condition 4 does in fact hold , whether a is able to point it out or even to understand it or not , a does know that p ( given conditions 1- 3 , of course ) .
the externalist says , in this case , that so long as [state] 4 does in fact hold , whether a is able to point it out or even to understand it or not , a does know that p ( given conditions 1- 3 , of course ) .

You 're supposed to come on to parade with clean boots , Jones ! ( condition 3 )
you 're supposed to come on to parade with clean boots , jones ! ( [state] 3 )

It 's my job to see you 've got cleaner boots than this ! ( condition 4 )
it 's my job to see you 've got cleaner boots than this ! ( [state] 4 )

The private , for his part , may try to challenge the felicity condition invoked , and , if he succeeds , he will take away the status of ‘ order ’ from the utterance .
the private , for his part , may try to challenge the felicity [state] invoked , and , if he succeeds , he will take away the status of ‘ order ’ from the utterance .

Remarkably , though , the condition of the pilots — a man , Maitland , and a woman , Carol — proves only temporary .
remarkably , though , the [state] of the pilots — a man , maitland , and a woman , carol — proves only temporary .

Garvey 's condition has confirmed his opinion .
garvey 's [state] has confirmed his opinion .

The smallest of the British gulls , it lay dead in the snow , pale grey and white plumage , grey cheek patch , greenish bill , short black legs ; quite frozen and in near-perfect condition — as if stored in an open air deep-freeze .
the smallest of the british gulls , it lay dead in the snow , pale grey and white plumage , grey cheek patch , greenish bill , short black legs ; quite frozen and in near-perfect [state] — as if stored in an open air deep-freeze .

Posters are far more difficult to monitor : in the past , agencies used to have their own teams of inspectors , but this is no longer done , and the only real check on the presence and condition of posters is a regular service run for the past 10 years by the Poster Advertising Bureau , which reports on the level of damage to posters , as a stimulus to the contractors to take care of their sites .
posters are far more difficult to monitor : in the past , agencies used to have their own teams of inspectors , but this is no longer done , and the only real check on the presence and [state] of posters is a regular service run for the past 10 years by the poster advertising bureau , which reports on the level of damage to posters , as a stimulus to the contractors to take care of their sites .

Wilson says there was a condition on the settlement — that she should agree to give evidence in the impending case of Gordon Sumner v. Virgin .
wilson says there was a [state] on the settlement — that she should agree to give evidence in the impending case of gordon sumner v. virgin .

Richard Branson gave some hundred press interviews , sipping discreetly at his champagne , acutely conscious of being , in his own phrase , ‘ on duty ’ , while the majority of passengers , blissfully unaware of the dramas of the last forty-eight hours — or the last four months — drank themselves into a condition of happy oblivion .
richard branson gave some hundred press interviews , sipping discreetly at his champagne , acutely conscious of being , in his own phrase , ‘ on duty ’ , while the majority of passengers , blissfully unaware of the dramas of the last forty-eight hours — or the last four months — drank themselves into a [state] of happy oblivion .

Any state , and the condition for any operation , can be written in this language .
any state , and the [state] for any operation , can be written in this language .

If a negated conjunct is really necessary in some condition , then the standard trick is to introduce a new predicate which stands for it .
if a negated conjunct is really necessary in some [state] , then the standard trick is to introduce a new predicate which stands for it .

This is a data structure with a condition an action and maybe a name other details .
this is a data structure with a [state] an action and maybe a name other details .

The last condition , 4 , is called the triangle inequality .
the last [state] , 4 , is called the triangle inequality .

Therefore , some people prefer to say that the defining predicate p is only a sufficient condition :
therefore , some people prefer to say that the defining predicate p is only a sufficient [state] :

What creates the difficulty is that such act or omission preceded and was , therefore , separated in point of time from the birth of the plaintiff in her injured condition .
what creates the difficulty is that such act or omission preceded and was , therefore , separated in point of time from the birth of the plaintiff in her injured [state] .

‘ In the present case the act or omission of the defendant occurred while he was driving a motor car upon a public highway , and it was , we think , then reasonably foreseeable that such act or omission might cause injury to a pregnant woman in the car with which his car collided and might cause the child she was carrying to be born in an injured condition .
‘ in the present case the act or omission of the defendant occurred while he was driving a motor car upon a public highway , and it was , we think , then reasonably foreseeable that such act or omission might cause injury to a pregnant woman in the car with which his car collided and might cause the child she was carrying to be born in an injured [state] .

In such a case he would be bound to take the woman as he found her , if sued by her , and her pregnancy would be just as much a a physical condition in his victim as would be the case of a person having an eggshell skull .
in such a case he would be bound to take the woman as he found her , if sued by her , and her pregnancy would be just as much a a physical [state] in his victim as would be the case of a person having an eggshell skull .

There he remained until 18 March 1986 when , no doubt because his condition had deteriorated , he was transferred back to hospital .
there he remained until 18 march 1986 when , no doubt because his [state] had deteriorated , he was transferred back to hospital .

‘ ( 1 ) If on the application of the Secretary of State the court is satisfied — ( a ) that there is a reasonable likelihood that any person will contravene any provision of — ( i ) rules or regulations made under this Chapter ; ( ii ) sections 47 , 56 , 57 , or 59 above ; … ( c ) that any person has contravened any such provision or condition and that there are steps that could be taken for remedying the contravention , the court may grant an injunction restraining the contravention … or , as the case may be , make an order requiring that person and any other person … knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct to remedy it .
‘ ( 1 ) if on the application of the secretary of state the court is satisfied — ( a ) that there is a reasonable likelihood that any person will contravene any provision of — ( i ) rules or regulations made under this chapter ; ( ii ) sections 47 , 56 , 57 , or 59 above ; … ( c ) that any person has contravened any such provision or [state] and that there are steps that could be taken for remedying the contravention , the court may grant an injunction restraining the contravention … or , as the case may be , make an order requiring that person and any other person … knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct to remedy it .

It is for the national court to verify in each individual case whether that condition is satisfied .
it is for the national court to verify in each individual case whether that [state] is satisfied .

Although the issues of capacity and genuine consent or rejection are separate , in reality they may well overlap , so that a patient in a weakened condition may be unduly influenced in circumstances in which if he had been fit , he would have resisted the influence sought to be exercised over him .
although the issues of capacity and genuine consent or rejection are separate , in reality they may well overlap , so that a patient in a weakened [state] may be unduly influenced in circumstances in which if he had been fit , he would have resisted the influence sought to be exercised over him .

On the other hand , a court of equity addresses itself to the amount of costs that the mortgagee should be allowed as a condition of redemption .
on the other hand , a court of equity addresses itself to the amount of costs that the mortgagee should be allowed as a [state] of redemption .

On the other hand , regard has to be paid to the position of innocent third parties who can not be expected , and often would have no means , to know the condition or status of the signer .
on the other hand , regard has to be paid to the position of innocent third parties who can not be expected , and often would have no means , to know the [state] or status of the signer .

By a respondent 's notice dated 20 February 1991 the plaintiffs gave notice of their intention to contend that the judgment should be affirmed on the additional grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) leave to appeal from the order of 4 November 1988 should have been refused ; ( 2 ) there was no ground for interfering with the judge 's finding that the first defendant was not the agent of the plaintiffs ; ( 3 ) there was no evidence that the second defendant was at any material time under the influence of or dominated by the first defendant so as to be prevented from exercising independent judgment ; ( 4 ) in so far as the first defendant repeated his over-optimistic expectations to the second defendant it was not a misrepresentation , fraudulent or otherwise ; and ( 5 ) as to whether there was manifest disadvantage , the charge was required as a condition of further increased overdraft facility to Heathrow Fabrications Ltd. , without which that company , whose success would have been of benefit to the second defendant , would have been in financial difficulties .
by a respondent 's notice dated 20 february 1991 the plaintiffs gave notice of their intention to contend that the judgment should be affirmed on the additional grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) leave to appeal from the order of 4 november 1988 should have been refused ; ( 2 ) there was no ground for interfering with the judge 's finding that the first defendant was not the agent of the plaintiffs ; ( 3 ) there was no evidence that the second defendant was at any material time under the influence of or dominated by the first defendant so as to be prevented from exercising independent judgment ; ( 4 ) in so far as the first defendant repeated his over-optimistic expectations to the second defendant it was not a misrepresentation , fraudulent or otherwise ; and ( 5 ) as to whether there was manifest disadvantage , the charge was required as a [state] of further increased overdraft facility to heathrow fabrications ltd. , without which that company , whose success would have been of benefit to the second defendant , would have been in financial difficulties .

In the third place , it still is or may be a condition of the validity of a voluntary dealing by the wife for the advantage of her husband that she really obtained an adequate understanding of the actual nature and consequences of the transaction .
in the third place , it still is or may be a [state] of the validity of a voluntary dealing by the wife for the advantage of her husband that she really obtained an adequate understanding of the actual nature and consequences of the transaction .

Children — Care proceedings — Threshold conditions — Child in voluntary care placed with foster parents — Child previously at risk with mother — Local authority seeking care order — Whether condition that child ‘ is suffering ’ significant harm satisfied — Whether harm attributable to care given or likely to be given to child if order not made — Children Act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 31(2)
children — care proceedings — threshold conditions — child in voluntary care placed with foster parents — child previously at risk with mother — local authority seeking care order — whether [state] that child ‘ is suffering ’ significant harm satisfied — whether harm attributable to care given or likely to be given to child if order not made — children act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 31(2)

Assuming however that the mother 's claim was not valid , or that she did not make it , the question arises whether the justices ought to consider the care being offered by the grandmother in assessing the threshold condition rather than the care which is actually being provided by the mother .
assuming however that the mother 's claim was not valid , or that she did not make it , the question arises whether the justices ought to consider the care being offered by the grandmother in assessing the threshold [state] rather than the care which is actually being provided by the mother .

Mr. Mahmoud made difficulties about this , whereupon the landlord demanded entry under the clause allowing entry to view the condition of the premises .
mr. mahmoud made difficulties about this , whereupon the landlord demanded entry under the clause allowing entry to view the [state] of the premises .

Under section 14 ( 4 ) , the Secretary of State for Transport might dispense with the nationality condition in the case of an individual in view of the length of time he had resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom .
under section 14 ( 4 ) , the secretary of state for transport might dispense with the nationality [state] in the case of an individual in view of the length of time he had resided in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom .

The written observations submitted to the court are described below under two headings : the nationality condition , and the conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel .
the written observations submitted to the court are described below under two headings : the nationality [state] , and the conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel .

The nationality condition
the nationality [state]

Since the investment made in companies owning fishing vessels flying the flag of a member state by nationals of another member state was direct investment and paid up in full , the condition requiring 75 per cent .
since the investment made in companies owning fishing vessels flying the flag of a member state by nationals of another member state was direct investment and paid up in full , the [state] requiring 75 per cent .

Lastly , the Spanish Government argued that the possibility afforded by the Act of 1988 of exempting certain persons from the nationality condition to which reference was made in the last part of the national court 's question ( 2 ) in no way altered the foregoing considerations .
lastly , the spanish government argued that the possibility afforded by the act of 1988 of exempting certain persons from the nationality [state] to which reference was made in the last part of the national court 's question ( 2 ) in no way altered the foregoing considerations .

The United Kingdom maintained that the conditions relating to residence and domicile and the condition that the vessel must be operated , directed and controlled from within the United Kingdom were necessary adjuncts to the nationality requirement .
the united kingdom maintained that the conditions relating to residence and domicile and the [state] that the vessel must be operated , directed and controlled from within the united kingdom were necessary adjuncts to the nationality requirement .

The condition relating to the operation , direction and control of the vessel meant that the orders for those matters must in fact come from the United Kingdom .
the [state] relating to the operation , direction and control of the vessel meant that the orders for those matters must in fact come from the united kingdom .

As regards the condition relating to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel , the applicants in the main proceedings stated in the first place that the flag state might legitimately require some measure of onshore representation in order to ensure that the authorities of that state had some method of tracing the responsibility of the operator .
as regards the [state] relating to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel , the applicants in the main proceedings stated in the first place that the flag state might legitimately require some measure of onshore representation in order to ensure that the authorities of that state had some method of tracing the responsibility of the operator .

Lastly , under section 14 ( 4 ) , the Secretary of State for Transport could dispense with the nationality condition in the case of an individual in view of the length of time he had resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom .
lastly , under section 14 ( 4 ) , the secretary of state for transport could dispense with the nationality [state] in the case of an individual in view of the length of time he had resided in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom .

The condition relating to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel ( paragraph ( i ) ( c ) of question ( 2 ) , as reformulated )
the [state] relating to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel ( paragraph ( i ) ( c ) of question ( 2 ) , as reformulated )

Consequently , the reply to the national court must be that it is not contrary to Community law for a member state to stipulate as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
consequently , the reply to the national court must be that it is not contrary to community law for a member state to stipulate as a [state] for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

( 3 ) It is not contrary to Community law for a member state to stipulate as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
( 3 ) it is not contrary to community law for a member state to stipulate as a [state] for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

Second , it is submitted for the plaintiffs that such action is not in relation to the grant or refusal of a further advance because the making of the valuation is not part of the administration or managerial process leading to the grant or refusal but is only a condition precedent to the actual process of making a grant .
second , it is submitted for the plaintiffs that such action is not in relation to the grant or refusal of a further advance because the making of the valuation is not part of the administration or managerial process leading to the grant or refusal but is only a [state] precedent to the actual process of making a grant .

‘ The valuer advises whether or not the price agreed for the house is realistic , taking into account its repair and condition and the property market in general .
‘ the valuer advises whether or not the price agreed for the house is realistic , taking into account its repair and [state] and the property market in general .

The surveyor will advise the client as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of and the value of the property specified by the client on the standard form of house buyers ' report and valuation published on behalf of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors .
the surveyor will advise the client as to his opinion of the state of repair and [state] of and the value of the property specified by the client on the standard form of house buyers ' report and valuation published on behalf of the royal institution of chartered surveyors .

The surveyor will advise the applicant and Woolwich Building Society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the applicant on the standard form of home purchase report published by the society in conjunction with the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors .
the surveyor will advise the applicant and woolwich building society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and [state] of , and the value of , the property specified by the applicant on the standard form of home purchase report published by the society in conjunction with the royal institution of chartered surveyors .

‘ The house buyers ' report and valuation , without being a structural survey , is a report on the state of repair and condition of the property .
‘ the house buyers ' report and valuation , without being a structural survey , is a report on the state of repair and [state] of the property .

The surveyor , who will be a chartered surveyor or an incorporated valuer , will advise the applicant ( s ) and Leeds Permanent Building Society as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the applicant ( s ) on the standard form of Leeds Permanent/R.I.C.S .
the surveyor , who will be a chartered surveyor or an incorporated valuer , will advise the applicant ( s ) and leeds permanent building society as to his opinion of the state of repair and [state] of , and the value of , the property specified by the applicant ( s ) on the standard form of leeds permanent/r.i.c.s .

This will provide a much more detailed examination of the structure and condition of the property being purchased and will be carried out by one of the Woolwich 's own structural surveyors .
this will provide a much more detailed examination of the structure and [state] of the property being purchased and will be carried out by one of the woolwich 's own structural surveyors .

The surveyor will advise the client and Woolwich Equitable Building Society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the client on the report form published by the society .
the surveyor will advise the client and woolwich equitable building society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and [state] of , and the value of , the property specified by the client on the report form published by the society .

Although the order is subject to the condition precedent that ‘ the required drugs and equipment are or could reasonably be made available , ’ it makes no reference to the availability of staff and it has to be borne in mind that artificial ventilation of a young child in an intensive care unit is highly intensive of highly skilled staff .
although the order is subject to the [state] precedent that ‘ the required drugs and equipment are or could reasonably be made available , ’ it makes no reference to the availability of staff and it has to be borne in mind that artificial ventilation of a young child in an intensive care unit is highly intensive of highly skilled staff .

But it is inherent in the scheme of the Act that an appropriate public law decision of the housing authority is a condition precedent to the establishment of the private law duty .
but it is inherent in the scheme of the act that an appropriate public law decision of the housing authority is a [state] precedent to the establishment of the private law duty .

The only one of relevance is condition 2 which is as follows :
the only one of relevance is [state] 2 which is as follows :

Condition 2 above is itself some evidence of this , but , in particular , the minutes of a meeting held on 13 January 1983 between representatives of Kent County Council , Gillingham Borough Council and the ports authority record that an estimate of three to four hundred lorries per day was given .
[state] 2 above is itself some evidence of this , but , in particular , the minutes of a meeting held on 13 january 1983 between representatives of kent county council , gillingham borough council and the ports authority record that an estimate of three to four hundred lorries per day was given .

Mr. Ashworth at first sought to rely upon a strict estoppel arising out of an assurance which the plaintiff gave to the dock company/port authority in respect of condition 2 of the planning permission .
mr. ashworth at first sought to rely upon a strict estoppel arising out of an assurance which the plaintiff gave to the dock company/port authority in respect of [state] 2 of the planning permission .

‘ However , we are extremely concerned about condition 2 .
‘ however , we are extremely concerned about [state] 2 .

The facts were that Chetnik constructed two warehouses under a consent granted under the London Buildings Acts 1930–1939 , the consent being subject to a condition that the buildings should not be occupied until the consent of Tower Hamlets had been obtained to the proposed user .
the facts were that chetnik constructed two warehouses under a consent granted under the london buildings acts 1930–1939 , the consent being subject to a [state] that the buildings should not be occupied until the consent of tower hamlets had been obtained to the proposed user .

It was illegal for the Food Controller to require such an agreement as a condition of any licence .
it was illegal for the food controller to require such an agreement as a [state] of any licence .

It was illegal for the Food Controller to require such an agreement as a condition of any licence .
it was illegal for the food controller to require such an agreement as a [state] of any licence .

For , in the case of this condition , despite the advance of medical science , fatalities still continue to occur … It is a condition , therefore , which has a considerable natural mortality .
for , in the case of this [state] , despite the advance of medical science , fatalities still continue to occur … it is a [state] , therefore , which has a considerable natural mortality .

By a notice of motion dated 14 February 1992 the local authority appealed against those parts of the order which directed that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the local authority review and that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her half-sister , on the grounds that ( 1 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to invite the parties to comment on the agreed proposals for contact ; ( 2 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to indicate to the parties the nature of the orders for contact which they proposed to make , thereby depriving the parties of the opportunity to make submissions relating to those proposals ; ( 3 ) the justices had wrongly exercised their discretion in authorising the local authority to refuse contact to the girl by the father for only six months when they had found as a fact , inter alia , that the father had abused the girl over a period of at least 18 months ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to impose the condition of supervision on contact between the girl and her half-sister when there had been no application for such contact to be supervised , the evidence was that the half-sister had been enjoying unsupervised contact and that there was no evidence that there was any risk of the girl coming into contact with her father while having contact with her half-sister , and the justices had heard evidence that the local authority were considering placing the girl with her half-sister and by their order they had precluded the local authority from making such a placement and had fettered the discretion of the local authority ; and ( 5 ) the order was therefore contrary to the girl 's best interests .
by a notice of motion dated 14 february 1992 the local authority appealed against those parts of the order which directed that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the local authority review and that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her half-sister , on the grounds that ( 1 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to invite the parties to comment on the agreed proposals for contact ; ( 2 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to indicate to the parties the nature of the orders for contact which they proposed to make , thereby depriving the parties of the opportunity to make submissions relating to those proposals ; ( 3 ) the justices had wrongly exercised their discretion in authorising the local authority to refuse contact to the girl by the father for only six months when they had found as a fact , inter alia , that the father had abused the girl over a period of at least 18 months ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to impose the [state] of supervision on contact between the girl and her half-sister when there had been no application for such contact to be supervised , the evidence was that the half-sister had been enjoying unsupervised contact and that there was no evidence that there was any risk of the girl coming into contact with her father while having contact with her half-sister , and the justices had heard evidence that the local authority were considering placing the girl with her half-sister and by their order they had precluded the local authority from making such a placement and had fettered the discretion of the local authority ; and ( 5 ) the order was therefore contrary to the girl 's best interests .

In November 1991 the Social Services Department of the local authority had reason to believe that this condition was being repeatedly and grossly breached .
in november 1991 the social services department of the local authority had reason to believe that this [state] was being repeatedly and grossly breached .

Previously , it had been generally accepted that the requirement of an undertaking in damages as a condition of the grant of an interlocutory injunction did not apply in the case of the Crown .
previously , it had been generally accepted that the requirement of an undertaking in damages as a [state] of the grant of an interlocutory injunction did not apply in the case of the crown .

‘ So even before the passing of the Crown Proceedings Act 1947 the fact that the suit was brought to enforce jus publicum was not of itself sufficient to displace the ordinary rule that a defendant was entitled to the usual undertaking in damages as a condition of the grant of any interlocutory injunction against him , though the undertaking was exacted from the relator and not from the Crown on whose behalf the Attorney-General was the nominal plaintiff in the suit .
‘ so even before the passing of the crown proceedings act 1947 the fact that the suit was brought to enforce jus publicum was not of itself sufficient to displace the ordinary rule that a defendant was entitled to the usual undertaking in damages as a [state] of the grant of any interlocutory injunction against him , though the undertaking was exacted from the relator and not from the crown on whose behalf the attorney-general was the nominal plaintiff in the suit .

He submitted that , if a national court is considering whether to grant an interlocutory injunction in a case such as the present , where the validity of the law sought to be enforced is challenged by the defendant on the ground that it is inconsistent with Community law , the question whether the court should require an undertaking in damages from the plaintiff as a condition of the grant of an injunction is to be decided on the principles applicable to that question under the national law , being a question of procedure which , on established principles of Community law , is left to the national law .
he submitted that , if a national court is considering whether to grant an interlocutory injunction in a case such as the present , where the validity of the law sought to be enforced is challenged by the defendant on the ground that it is inconsistent with community law , the question whether the court should require an undertaking in damages from the plaintiff as a [state] of the grant of an injunction is to be decided on the principles applicable to that question under the national law , being a question of procedure which , on established principles of community law , is left to the national law .

It does not however follow that , in the present case , the council should be obliged to give an undertaking in damages as a condition of the grant of an injunction restraining Wickes from acting in breach of section 47 .
it does not however follow that , in the present case , the council should be obliged to give an undertaking in damages as a [state] of the grant of an injunction restraining wickes from acting in breach of section 47 .

On the commissioner 's submission the requirement of condition ( 3 ) would be otiose , since it would be sufficient to show that profits were earned by a business carried on in Hong Kong to make them taxable .
on the commissioner 's submission the requirement of [state] ( 3 ) would be otiose , since it would be sufficient to show that profits were earned by a business carried on in hong kong to make them taxable .

He then went on to reject a submission that the third condition was only effective to except a Hong Kong profits taxpayer from liability to tax on the profits of an independent business carried on by him overseas . Later , in a passage to which much argument was directed in this appeal , Lord Bridge said , at pp. 322–323 :
he then went on to reject a submission that the third [state] was only effective to except a hong kong profits taxpayer from liability to tax on the profits of an independent business carried on by him overseas . later , in a passage to which much argument was directed in this appeal , lord bridge said , at pp. 322–323 :

In its present condition it is unusable .
in its present [state] it is unusable .

There was also snorkelling equipment , some of it in unusable condition .
there was also snorkelling equipment , some of it in unusable [state] .

About half way through , one of the cows dropped down dead with an attack of hypomagnesaemia , a condition which often plagues sucklers .
about half way through , one of the cows dropped down dead with an attack of hypomagnesaemia , a [state] which often plagues sucklers .

The symptoms displayed by Mr Bailes ' cow were typical of displacement of the abomasum ( when the fourth stomach slips round from the right to the left side ) and it was a condition that was just not recognized in those early days .
the symptoms displayed by mr bailes ' cow were typical of displacement of the abomasum ( when the fourth stomach slips round from the right to the left side ) and it was a [state] that was just not recognized in those early days .

At the present time we correct the condition by surgery — pushing the displaced organ back to the right side and tacking it there with sutures .
at the present time we correct the [state] by surgery — pushing the displaced organ back to the right side and tacking it there with sutures .

He talked to her on condition she quote only `` court sources , not him directly .
he talked to her on [state] she quote only `` court sources , not him directly .

These testers do not test under load , and it is only under load that the true condition and stamina of a battery can be assessed .
these testers do not test under load , and it is only under load that the true [state] and stamina of a battery can be assessed .

If the old wires are in good condition the new terminal assembly can be joined on to them , but it may well be better to replace the whole assembly .
if the old wires are in good [state] the new terminal assembly can be joined on to them , but it may well be better to replace the whole assembly .

Judging by your drawing your find looks to be in excellent condition .
judging by your drawing your find looks to be in excellent [state] .

One of my finds was an iron key in very good condition .
one of my finds was an iron key in very good [state] .

Mrs Field summoned the vet immediately , who said it was in a hopeless condition and should be put down at once .
mrs field summoned the vet immediately , who said it was in a hopeless [state] and should be put down at once .

Bereaved people have done it too , perhaps starting a fund to commemorate a person they loved in order to help other sufferers of the same condition .
bereaved people have done it too , perhaps starting a fund to commemorate a person they loved in order to help other sufferers of the same [state] .

They can tell you which medicines not to take if you suffer from a condition like asthma and what to do if you miss a dose of medicine .
they can tell you which medicines not to take if you suffer from a [state] like asthma and what to do if you miss a dose of medicine .

Attempts to develop a peinture feminine , on the lines of the écriture feminine proposed by Hélène Cixous ( whose rhapsodic feminism has had much greater impact on the Aglophone world than on her own French audience ) , led to works which sought to represent the very evanescence , immateriality , and ordinariness of women 's existential condition and past works , as in Bobby Baker 's performance art , in which she makes cakes or reproduces her daily kitchen routines , or , Susan Hiller 's cool , barometrically precise account of her own pregnancy , in the graphic work , ‘ Ten Months ’ .
attempts to develop a peinture feminine , on the lines of the écriture feminine proposed by hélène cixous ( whose rhapsodic feminism has had much greater impact on the aglophone world than on her own french audience ) , led to works which sought to represent the very evanescence , immateriality , and ordinariness of women 's existential [state] and past works , as in bobby baker 's performance art , in which she makes cakes or reproduces her daily kitchen routines , or , susan hiller 's cool , barometrically precise account of her own pregnancy , in the graphic work , ‘ ten months ’ .

An eloquent response , Ronke 's work illuminates the ‘ female condition ’ with simplicity , sympathy and wit .
an eloquent response , ronke 's work illuminates the ‘ female [state] ’ with simplicity , sympathy and wit .

The ‘ foreign ’ groups , though , had all deteriorated in condition , and there were subtle but discernable differences in morphology between the survivors and non-survivors in each group .
the ‘ foreign ’ groups , though , had all deteriorated in [state] , and there were subtle but discernable differences in morphology between the survivors and non-survivors in each group .

Population levels , says the report , should be determined according to the condition of the deer 's ranges .
population levels , says the report , should be determined according to the [state] of the deer 's ranges .

This is a contagious infection caused by mites burrowing under the skin ( mange is a term used for any condition caused by mites which causes itching and results in a mammal losing its fur ) .
this is a contagious infection caused by mites burrowing under the skin ( mange is a term used for any [state] caused by mites which causes itching and results in a mammal losing its fur ) .

To that , one only has to respond that the tax burden is greater and the economy is in worse condition than before Thatcher embarked on it .
to that , one only has to respond that the tax burden is greater and the economy is in worse [state] than before thatcher embarked on it .

But enormous numbers of sufferers from Chemical Dependency , a treatable condition , die of these secondary physical consequences while their primary addictive disease remains undiagnosed or inappropriately-treated .
but enormous numbers of sufferers from chemical dependency , a treatable [state] , die of these secondary physical consequences while their primary addictive disease remains undiagnosed or inappropriately-treated .

Blaming other people , while opting out of responsibility for his or her own condition , is the hallmark of a sufferer from addictive disease .
blaming other people , while opting out of responsibility for his or her own [state] , is the hallmark of a sufferer from addictive disease .

The acceptance of these conditions as being worthy of medical time an the tendency to resent scarce resources being used on drug addiction and alcoholism have more to do with fear or disgust than whether or not a condition is demonstrably self-induced .
the acceptance of these conditions as being worthy of medical time an the tendency to resent scarce resources being used on drug addiction and alcoholism have more to do with fear or disgust than whether or not a [state] is demonstrably self-induced .

As an ideal general principle , doctors do not moralise but simply deal with the medical condition or consequence in the patient in front of them .
as an ideal general principle , doctors do not moralise but simply deal with the medical [state] or consequence in the patient in front of them .

Misunderstanding is as follows : blaming others for the condition of self is the psychological origin of the disease .
misunderstanding is as follows : blaming others for the [state] of self is the psychological origin of the disease .

No , they are probably the same condition in different manifestations just as Chemical Dependency covers alcoholism and various forms of drug addiction all of which have similar mood-altering effects .
no , they are probably the same [state] in different manifestations just as chemical dependency covers alcoholism and various forms of drug addiction all of which have similar mood-altering effects .

The condition is more appropriately treated in specialist addiction units .
the [state] is more appropriately treated in specialist addiction units .

As with anorexia , the condition tends to recur after traditional forms of hospital treatment in medical or psychiatric units .
as with anorexia , the [state] tends to recur after traditional forms of hospital treatment in medical or psychiatric units .

Compulsive overspending in these days of credit cards and generally easy credit facilities is not merely the privilege of the rich but can be a devastating condition in which inappropriate grandiosity repeatedly causes havoc with all efforts towards financial prudence .
compulsive overspending in these days of credit cards and generally easy credit facilities is not merely the privilege of the rich but can be a devastating [state] in which inappropriate grandiosity repeatedly causes havoc with all efforts towards financial prudence .

Depression `` is a convenient portmanteau condition that frequently satisfies this purpose . ``
depression `` is a convenient portmanteau [state] that frequently satisfies this purpose . ``

Externalisation : Family members , like the primary sufferers , blame all manner of people , places and things for the problem caused by primary addictive disease but have little insight into their own condition .
externalisation : family members , like the primary sufferers , blame all manner of people , places and things for the problem caused by primary addictive disease but have little insight into their own [state] .

The most characteristic feature of addictive disease is that it is a relapsing condition .
the most characteristic feature of addictive disease is that it is a relapsing [state] .

First by learning about the nature of addictive disease as a naturally relapsing condition and therefore being aware of the need for continual monitoring .
first by learning about the nature of addictive disease as a naturally relapsing [state] and therefore being aware of the need for continual monitoring .

Burnout `` is the spiritual condition , with severe physical , emotional , behavioural and practical consequences , that occurs when counsellors are unable to look after themselves appropriately .
burnout `` is the spiritual [state] , with severe physical , emotional , behavioural and practical consequences , that occurs when counsellors are unable to look after themselves appropriately .

Soak your nails in warm olive oil once a week to keep them in good condition .
soak your nails in warm olive oil once a week to keep them in good [state] .

( 6 ) Any person entitled under this section to appeal to the sheriff against the grant or refusal of a licence may appeal to the sheriff against a decision of a licensing board to attach or not to attach a condition to a licence , being a condition mentioned in section 38(3) or 101(2) of this Act .
( 6 ) any person entitled under this section to appeal to the sheriff against the grant or refusal of a licence may appeal to the sheriff against a decision of a licensing board to attach or not to attach a [state] to a licence , being a [state] mentioned in section 38(3) or 101(2) of this act .

( 1 ) Where a licensing board considers that licensed premises are no longer suitable or convenient for the sale of alcoholic liquor , having regard to their character and condition , and the nature and extent of the use of the premises , the board may decide to hold a hearing with a view to making a closure order under this section , and the effect of a closure order is that the licence held in respect of the premises shall cease to have effect while the closure order is in force .
( 1 ) where a licensing board considers that licensed premises are no longer suitable or convenient for the sale of alcoholic liquor , having regard to their character and [state] , and the nature and extent of the use of the premises , the board may decide to hold a hearing with a view to making a closure order under this section , and the effect of a closure order is that the licence held in respect of the premises shall cease to have effect while the closure order is in force .

the licensing board may impose such conditions as it thinks fit including a condition as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the licence , and an occasional licence granted to the holder of a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence shall be subject to a condition that the sale of alcoholic liquor under the authority of the licence shall be ancillary to the provision of substantial refreshment .
the licensing board may impose such conditions as it thinks fit including a [state] as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the licence , and an occasional licence granted to the holder of a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence shall be subject to a [state] that the sale of alcoholic liquor under the authority of the licence shall be ancillary to the provision of substantial refreshment .

( 4 ) If the holder of the licence or his employee or agent contravenes a condition attached to an occasional licence , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 4 ) if the holder of the licence or his employee or agent contravenes a [state] attached to an occasional licence , he shall be guilty of an offence .

( 3 ) In granting an occasional permission under this section , which shall be in writing , the licensing board may impose such conditions as it thinks fit including a condition as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the permission , and if the person to whom the permission is granted contravenes such a condition he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 3 ) in granting an occasional permission under this section , which shall be in writing , the licensing board may impose such conditions as it thinks fit including a [state] as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the permission , and if the person to whom the permission is granted contravenes such a [state] he shall be guilty of an offence .

( 4 ) If subsection ( 1 ) above is contravened , the sheriff may on a complaint at the instance of the licensing board , by order declare the licence which is in force for the premises in respect of which the contravention took place to be forfeited , or may direct that , within a time fixed by the order , the premises shall be restored to their original condition .
( 4 ) if subsection ( 1 ) above is contravened , the sheriff may on a complaint at the instance of the licensing board , by order declare the licence which is in force for the premises in respect of which the contravention took place to be forfeited , or may direct that , within a time fixed by the order , the premises shall be restored to their original [state] .

( 3 ) When granting a licence , a licensing board may attach to the licence any condition set out in a byelaw by virtue of paragraph ( 1 ) of subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 3 ) when granting a licence , a licensing board may attach to the licence any [state] set out in a byelaw by virtue of paragraph ( 1 ) of subsection ( 1 ) above .

( 4 ) The holder of any licence or any employee or agent of his shall be guilty of an offence if he commits a breach of any byelaw or any condition attached to a licence by virtue of a byelaw .
( 4 ) the holder of any licence or any employee or agent of his shall be guilty of an offence if he commits a breach of any byelaw or any [state] attached to a licence by virtue of a byelaw .

On granting or transferring a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence in respect of any premises , a licensing board shall , if as regards the use of the premises for the provision of the customary main meals it appears to the board that it is only for the customary main meal at midday or only for the customary main meal in the evening that the premises fall within paragraph ( a ) ( ii ) of the restricted hotel licence or paragraph ( a ) ( ii ) of the restaurant licence as set out in Schedule 1 to this Act , insert in the licence a condition that there shall be no permitted hours in the evening , or that there shall be permitted hours in the premises only in the evening , as the case requires .
on granting or transferring a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence in respect of any premises , a licensing board shall , if as regards the use of the premises for the provision of the customary main meals it appears to the board that it is only for the customary main meal at midday or only for the customary main meal in the evening that the premises fall within paragraph ( a ) ( ii ) of the restricted hotel licence or paragraph ( a ) ( ii ) of the restaurant licence as set out in schedule 1 to this act , insert in the licence a [state] that there shall be no permitted hours in the evening , or that there shall be permitted hours in the premises only in the evening , as the case requires .

( 1 ) On granting or transferring a hotel licence , a restricted hotel licence , a restaurant licence or an entertainment licence in respect of any premises , a licensing board shall , if the applicant so requests , insert in the licence a condition that there shall be no permitted hours in those premises on Sundays .
( 1 ) on granting or transferring a hotel licence , a restricted hotel licence , a restaurant licence or an entertainment licence in respect of any premises , a licensing board shall , if the applicant so requests , insert in the licence a [state] that there shall be no permitted hours in those premises on sundays .

It is important to appreciate that a stable instrument reading does not necessarily indicate a stable flight condition .
it is important to appreciate that a stable instrument reading does not necessarily indicate a stable flight [state] .

Autopsies on the crew showed no trace of a medical condition that might have affected their performance , nor trace of alcohol or drugs .
autopsies on the crew showed no trace of a medical [state] that might have affected their performance , nor trace of alcohol or drugs .

There were four of them — three men and a woman , as was later revealed , though , that they are tall and broad of shoulder and walked with that kind of lithe confidence and grace seen in GalactiGames athletes in peak condition .
there were four of them — three men and a woman , as was later revealed , though , that they are tall and broad of shoulder and walked with that kind of lithe confidence and grace seen in galactigames athletes in peak [state] .

In fact , the act was a necessary , but not sufficient , condition for wider social upheaval , and it is impossible to pass a pat judgement on its political implications .
in fact , the act was a necessary , but not sufficient , [state] for wider social upheaval , and it is impossible to pass a pat judgement on its political implications .

When the government went back again in 1976 , the second loan brought with it a Fund investigation into Britain 's economic policy and the requirement of more cuts in public expenditure as a condition of the loan .
when the government went back again in 1976 , the second loan brought with it a fund investigation into britain 's economic policy and the requirement of more cuts in public expenditure as a [state] of the loan .

Mr. Roy Hughes : With Welsh coalfields in a near terminal condition , with massive redundancies in the steel industry , including a major closure , is this the time for the Government to come forward with proposals to double the toll on the Seven bridge , our main access point ? Who does the Secretary of State not plead with the Chancellor to get rid of that additional tax on the people of Wales ?
mr. roy hughes : with welsh coalfields in a near terminal [state] , with massive redundancies in the steel industry , including a major closure , is this the time for the government to come forward with proposals to double the toll on the seven bridge , our main access point ? who does the secretary of state not plead with the chancellor to get rid of that additional tax on the people of wales ?

To secure that aim we want it to be a condition of sale to any private operator that pension conditions are preserved through the existing pension fund schemes .
to secure that aim we want it to be a [state] of sale to any private operator that pension conditions are preserved through the existing pension fund schemes .

It would not be appropriate to make it a condition of sale , as is required by new clause 4 , that new companies should participate in the existing pension scheme .
it would not be appropriate to make it a [state] of sale , as is required by new clause 4 , that new companies should participate in the existing pension scheme .

" ( lA ) It shall be a condition of purchase for any undertaking proposed for sale under this section that the business shall not be re-sold within a period of five years without the consent of employees in the undertaking " .
" ( la ) it shall be a [state] of purchase for any undertaking proposed for sale under this section that the business shall not be re-sold within a period of five years without the consent of employees in the undertaking " .

" It shall be a condition of purchase for any undertaking proposed for sale … that the business shall not be re-sold within a period of five years without the consent of employees on the undertaking . "
" it shall be a [state] of purchase for any undertaking proposed for sale … that the business shall not be re-sold within a period of five years without the consent of employees on the undertaking . "

Although best known for such delicious things as ‘ Sweet honeysucking bees ’ , his greatest work is to be found in serious madrigals like ‘ All pleasure is of this condition ’ and ‘ Thou art but young ’ .
although best known for such delicious things as ‘ sweet honeysucking bees ’ , his greatest work is to be found in serious madrigals like ‘ all pleasure is of this [state] ’ and ‘ thou art but young ’ .

And in the same year the First Booke of Songes or Ayres of foure partes of the greatest of all English lutenists , John Dowland ( 1563–1626 ) , was printed ‘ with Tableture for the Lute : So made that all the parts together , or either of them severally may be song to the Lute , Orpherian [ a species of cittern , tuned like a lute ] or Viol de Gambo ’ , a confused description which conceals the condition that the highest part must be sung .
and in the same year the first booke of songes or ayres of foure partes of the greatest of all english lutenists , john dowland ( 1563–1626 ) , was printed ‘ with tableture for the lute : so made that all the parts together , or either of them severally may be song to the lute , orpherian [ a species of cittern , tuned like a lute ] or viol de gambo ’ , a confused description which conceals the [state] that the highest part must be sung .

Obviously Thomas should not be in school if his head is in an infested condition .
obviously thomas should not be in school if his head is in an infested [state] .

Obviously Thomas should not be in school if his head is in an infested condition .
obviously thomas should not be in school if his head is in an infested [state] .

( One of Jim 's sisters had to be rushed to hospital with a critical diabetic condition . )
( one of jim 's sisters had to be rushed to hospital with a critical diabetic [state] . )

But you must understand his condition .
but you must understand his [state] .

Suddenly the cold around her began to burn , as an unknown and unsuspected rage lapped its edges and she felt for Tommaso sudden furious rancour.Contempt joined that rage too in turn , as she thought of his condition , the future of a conscript , the birth of a Post Office clerk 's son , who was in any case a stranger in the south , with God knows what dangerous notions in his head .
suddenly the cold around her began to burn , as an unknown and unsuspected rage lapped its edges and she felt for tommaso sudden furious rancour.contempt joined that rage too in turn , as she thought of his [state] , the future of a conscript , the birth of a post office clerk 's son , who was in any case a stranger in the south , with god knows what dangerous notions in his head .

If artificial selection does change the average condition of the population , the trait under selection must have been heritable ; and the degree of response to artificial selection indicates the degree of heritability .
if artificial selection does change the average [state] of the population , the trait under selection must have been heritable ; and the degree of response to artificial selection indicates the degree of heritability .

Accurate pecking in chicks therefore develops , by processes both of maturation and learning , from an initially inaccurate condition to one of greater accuracy .
accurate pecking in chicks therefore develops , by processes both of maturation and learning , from an initially inaccurate [state] to one of greater accuracy .

One answer is that courtship ensures that animals mate with other individuals of the correct species , sex and condition .
one answer is that courtship ensures that animals mate with other individuals of the correct species , sex and [state] .

Some women managed to keep their condition secret and in the late nineteenth century it was probably these women who were responsible for many of the infanticide cases .
some women managed to keep their [state] secret and in the late nineteenth century it was probably these women who were responsible for many of the infanticide cases .

Despite this the courts began to draw a dichotomy between administrative and judicial decisions , to take a narrow view of what constituted a judicial or quasi-judicial decision and to require this as a condition precedent for the application of a right to a hearing .
despite this the courts began to draw a dichotomy between administrative and judicial decisions , to take a narrow view of what constituted a judicial or quasi-judicial decision and to require this as a [state] precedent for the application of a right to a hearing .

The directors were unwilling to respond to questions unless given a number of assurances and on condition that a judicial type of inquiry was conducted .
the directors were unwilling to respond to questions unless given a number of assurances and on [state] that a judicial type of inquiry was conducted .

The step from ‘ asking the wrong question ’ to the error being regarded as jurisdictional is only made by the assumption that any matter which is in any sense a ‘ condition ’ to the exercise of jurisdiction becomes jurisdictional .
the step from ‘ asking the wrong question ’ to the error being regarded as jurisdictional is only made by the assumption that any matter which is in any sense a ‘ [state] ’ to the exercise of jurisdiction becomes jurisdictional .

Lack of jurisdiction could arise in various ways , inter alia , absence of a condition precedent to the tribunal 's jurisdiction , irrelevancy , and asking the wrong question .
lack of jurisdiction could arise in various ways , inter alia , absence of a [state] precedent to the tribunal 's jurisdiction , irrelevancy , and asking the wrong question .

If the courts regard the allegation as relating to a statutory condition which is itself jurisdictional then they will receive affidavit evidence to show that the condition is not met .
if the courts regard the allegation as relating to a statutory [state] which is itself jurisdictional then they will receive affidavit evidence to show that the [state] is not met .

However once the courts began to be willing to reassess the constituent elements of jurisdiction , under the collateral fact doctrine , then it was natural also to require some proof that the condition was indeed fulfilled on the facts of the particular case .
however once the courts began to be willing to reassess the constituent elements of jurisdiction , under the collateral fact doctrine , then it was natural also to require some proof that the [state] was indeed fulfilled on the facts of the particular case .

The lawyer 's talisman , the implied condition , is wheeled out to perform its trusty service : a grant of power to a public body is subject to the implied condition that the findings it makes be supported by some evidence .
the lawyer 's talisman , the implied [state] , is wheeled out to perform its trusty service : a grant of power to a public body is subject to the implied [state] that the findings it makes be supported by some evidence .

Despite this the House of Lords found that the payment was excessive : the statute was to be read subject to an implied condition that the wages be reasonable , which was to be judged by the current rates payable in the industry .
despite this the house of lords found that the payment was excessive : the statute was to be read subject to an implied [state] that the wages be reasonable , which was to be judged by the current rates payable in the industry .

The jurisdictional fact contains the requirement of reasonable cause to believe and this would be a condition precedent to the exercise of a power to imprison .
the jurisdictional fact contains the requirement of reasonable cause to believe and this would be a [state] precedent to the exercise of a power to imprison .

In both the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl accidents , the operators misread the reactor 's condition and shut off the emergency systems at the wrong moment .
in both the three mile island and chernobyl accidents , the operators misread the reactor 's [state] and shut off the emergency systems at the wrong moment .

This problem is particularly acute in the area of homelessness — a ‘ social services ’ condition with a housing ‘ remedy ’ ( Alexander , 1982b , p. 59 ) .
this problem is particularly acute in the area of homelessness — a ‘ social services ’ [state] with a housing ‘ remedy ’ ( alexander , 1982b , p. 59 ) .

‘ Just keeping him in good condition for you , darling .
‘ just keeping him in good [state] for you , darling .

Though their decline is inevitable , and must usher in a period of unrest for the community , the maintenance of their own power adds of course directly to the utility of the governing elite and is a necessary condition for the order and stability of the community .
though their decline is inevitable , and must usher in a period of unrest for the community , the maintenance of their own power adds of course directly to the utility of the governing elite and is a necessary [state] for the order and stability of the community .

Mosca , like many other positivists in politics , is a moraliser , a sceptic about the human condition who seeks salvation in technical expertise and the liberal circulation of talents .
mosca , like many other positivists in politics , is a moraliser , a sceptic about the human [state] who seeks salvation in technical expertise and the liberal circulation of talents .

From Wright Mills 's position that one does not need to demonstrate directly the existence of the shared ideology and shared objectives , it might also be argued that the corollary is also unnecessary ; that is , that the members ' awareness of the shared ideology is not a necessary condition either .
from wright mills 's position that one does not need to demonstrate directly the existence of the shared ideology and shared objectives , it might also be argued that the corollary is also unnecessary ; that is , that the members ' awareness of the shared ideology is not a necessary [state] either .

This is a forceful if limited restatement of the pluralist argument that a crucial condition ‘ for peripheral development is the appropriate political culture fostering the activities of capitalist elites .
this is a forceful if limited restatement of the pluralist argument that a crucial [state] ‘ for peripheral development is the appropriate political culture fostering the activities of capitalist elites .

They do not purport to explain fully why peripheral areas are in the condition in which they find themselves , nor do they regard one dimension ( in this case , the political ) as offering the complete explanation .
they do not purport to explain fully why peripheral areas are in the [state] in which they find themselves , nor do they regard one dimension ( in this case , the political ) as offering the complete explanation .

‘ The approach adopted by Niskanen is very strongly tailored to the United States condition .
‘ the approach adopted by niskanen is very strongly tailored to the united states [state] .

Although all organisms show adaptive behaviour , for it is a necessary condition of existence , many highly successful life forms have managed very well without the capacities to learn and remember — even without brains .
although all organisms show adaptive behaviour , for it is a necessary [state] of existence , many highly successful life forms have managed very well without the capacities to learn and remember — even without brains .

It is one-trial , because it requires only a single peck for the bird to learn ; it is avoidance because the result of the learning is for the bird to stop doing something it otherwise would ; and it is passive because the bird is not required actively to avoid , as it would if it had to escape from some unpleasant condition , but merely to refrain from pecking .
it is one-trial , because it requires only a single peck for the bird to learn ; it is avoidance because the result of the learning is for the bird to stop doing something it otherwise would ; and it is passive because the bird is not required actively to avoid , as it would if it had to escape from some unpleasant [state] , but merely to refrain from pecking .

After incubation and the exertions of tending their young , adults require the rest of the summer to regain condition and undergo at least a partial moult , then to fatten again for their journey back to the wintering grounds .
after incubation and the exertions of tending their young , adults require the rest of the summer to regain [state] and undergo at least a partial moult , then to fatten again for their journey back to the wintering grounds .

Inbreeding appears to outweigh crossbreeding in many stocks of arctic plants , a condition that may be adaptive in a harsh environment where interspecific competition is insignificant .
inbreeding appears to outweigh crossbreeding in many stocks of arctic plants , a [state] that may be adaptive in a harsh environment where interspecific competition is insignificant .

‘ The doctor thinks the condition is partly hysterical , nerves really , but she 's not malingering .
‘ the doctor thinks the [state] is partly hysterical , nerves really , but she 's not malingering .

Joe was interested in John 's tales of his time in Spain , but when he spoke angrily about the condition of the poor in Liverpool , Joe said mildly that he thought things were improving .
joe was interested in john 's tales of his time in spain , but when he spoke angrily about the [state] of the poor in liverpool , joe said mildly that he thought things were improving .

The interior of the Lift , even in this wrecked condition , had never looked so good .
the interior of the lift , even in this wrecked [state] , had never looked so good .

She exchanged a few words with the shift supervisor , a dour Scot named Rachel McBride , and was told a message had been sent to Belial confirming their arrival and condition .
she exchanged a few words with the shift supervisor , a dour scot named rachel mcbride , and was told a message had been sent to belial confirming their arrival and [state] .

It would seem to be a basic condition of effective classroom practice that the setting in which children work should be consistent with and supportive of the particular learning tasks they are given .
it would seem to be a basic [state] of effective classroom practice that the setting in which children work should be consistent with and supportive of the particular learning tasks they are given .

It seems likely that the condition of the roads had begun to grow uneven after Aberdeen : today , upon leaving the main road , the castle , now ruined , may only be approached on pockmarked and muddy lanes , and if these approximate to the surfaces upon which Johnson had to travel once he entered a remoter Scotland , his pace may be understood and excused , and his courage further applauded .
it seems likely that the [state] of the roads had begun to grow uneven after aberdeen : today , upon leaving the main road , the castle , now ruined , may only be approached on pockmarked and muddy lanes , and if these approximate to the surfaces upon which johnson had to travel once he entered a remoter scotland , his pace may be understood and excused , and his courage further applauded .

He continued even more offensively : ‘ Since they have known that their condition was capable of improvement , their progress in useful knowledge has been rapid and uniform … But they must be for ever content to owe to the English that elegance and culture , which , if they had been vigilant and active , perhaps the English might have owed to them .
he continued even more offensively : ‘ since they have known that their [state] was capable of improvement , their progress in useful knowledge has been rapid and uniform … but they must be for ever content to owe to the english that elegance and culture , which , if they had been vigilant and active , perhaps the english might have owed to them .

’ However , he does use his recollection of the journey over Ratagan , his eyes filled with mountains , to reflect in the Journey generally upon the condition of remoteness as it affects human beings , and thereby touches the core of his reasons for travelling .
’ however , he does use his recollection of the journey over ratagan , his eyes filled with mountains , to reflect in the journey generally upon the [state] of remoteness as it affects human beings , and thereby touches the core of his reasons for travelling .

From his discussion of how such isolated clans as the Macraes , in such hollows of the world as Auchnasheal , repel all boarders , Johnson opens up a discussion of how mankind in this condition regulates itself .
from his discussion of how such isolated clans as the macraes , in such hollows of the world as auchnasheal , repel all boarders , johnson opens up a discussion of how mankind in this [state] regulates itself .

Only a tall man in the peak of condition could lift it , and when Alexei stood it on its point , it reached to his chin .
only a tall man in the peak of [state] could lift it , and when alexei stood it on its point , it reached to his chin .

Orcadai was C'zinsit 's elder brother , and spent most of his time travelling from fief to fief , overseeing the military training of conscripts and inspecting the condition of arms and equipment .
orcadai was c'zinsit 's elder brother , and spent most of his time travelling from fief to fief , overseeing the military training of conscripts and inspecting the [state] of arms and equipment .

‘ Your life is no longer forfeit ; but it is upon condition that you serve the Kha-Khan on a venture which Alexei is to command .
‘ your life is no longer forfeit ; but it is upon [state] that you serve the kha-khan on a venture which alexei is to command .

The frown on Sidacai 's face indicated that he was testing the wording of the condition for loopholes .
the frown on sidacai 's face indicated that he was testing the wording of the [state] for loopholes .

This checklist encompasses a range of relevant variables , such as the influence of particular forms of legislation , the condition of the economy , the principal features of the industry , its product and employees , and the central issues of the strike itself .
this checklist encompasses a range of relevant variables , such as the influence of particular forms of legislation , the [state] of the economy , the principal features of the industry , its product and employees , and the central issues of the strike itself .

In the course of their many arguments , Amanda once asked him to consider the domestic condition of the Fergusson family , who lived together with strong bonds of affection , and declare whether they too were the consequence of chaos , hazard and malice .
in the course of their many arguments , amanda once asked him to consider the domestic [state] of the fergusson family , who lived together with strong bonds of affection , and declare whether they too were the consequence of chaos , hazard and malice .

Miss Logan did not fully understand her employer 's condition of mind .
miss logan did not fully understand her employer 's [state] of mind .

They waited through that day in the cave , trusting that Miss Fergusson 's condition would improve by the next morning .
they waited through that day in the cave , trusting that miss fergusson 's [state] would improve by the next morning .

For two weeks he was in a delirious condition , then began to recover .
for two weeks he was in a delirious [state] , then began to recover .

Even Jews who had been released from concentration camps on strict condition that they left the Fatherland immediately were obliged to pay for the round trip .
even jews who had been released from concentration camps on strict [state] that they left the fatherland immediately were obliged to pay for the round trip .

Piggy is short-sighted ; and the spectacles he would have been prescribed for this condition could not possibly have been used as burning glasses .
piggy is short-sighted ; and the spectacles he would have been prescribed for this [state] could not possibly have been used as burning glasses .

1 There shall be no more novels in which a group of people , isolated by circumstances , revert to the ‘ natural condition ’ of man , become essential , poor , bare , forked creatures .
1 there shall be no more novels in which a group of people , isolated by circumstances , revert to the ‘ natural [state] ’ of man , become essential , poor , bare , forked creatures .

‘ You can depict wine , love , women and glory on the condition that you 're not a drunkard , a lover , a husband or a private in the ranks .
‘ you can depict wine , love , women and glory on the [state] that you 're not a drunkard , a lover , a husband or a private in the ranks .

As Nina remarks , this is a condition which afflicts Gael 's novel as well , and since it has the same title as the novel we read , comparison is inevitable .
as nina remarks , this is a [state] which afflicts gael 's novel as well , and since it has the same title as the novel we read , comparison is inevitable .

This ‘ sane insanity ’ through which one enters into someone 's personality — intentionally splitting oneself into both searching , inventing subject and the object of the search — is posed as the very condition of narration .
this ‘ sane insanity ’ through which one enters into someone 's personality — intentionally splitting oneself into both searching , inventing subject and the object of the search — is posed as the very [state] of narration .

During the course of the novel we witness the progressive worsening of his psychological and physical condition .
during the course of the novel we witness the progressive worsening of his psychological and physical [state] .

When the protagonist goes for ‘ psychoscopy ’ , we are given an illustration in concrete terms of how the diagnostic tools of this society condition their object :
when the protagonist goes for ‘ psychoscopy ’ , we are given an illustration in concrete terms of how the diagnostic tools of this society [state] their object :

Symptoms of disease are then ‘ embodied ’ as a cancerous proliferation of the cognitive faculty which invents aetiologies for its own condition :
symptoms of disease are then ‘ embodied ’ as a cancerous proliferation of the cognitive faculty which invents aetiologies for its own [state] :

Schizophrenic speech provides a metaphor for metaphor , and it is in this sense that its use in Out may be understood , not as a valorization of the psychotic condition but as a literalization of the figure .
schizophrenic speech provides a metaphor for metaphor , and it is in this sense that its use in out may be understood , not as a valorization of the psychotic [state] but as a literalization of the figure .

As we have seen , metaphoric reversibility is figured in the text thematically as the condition of being suspended between ideologies , languages and countries , or as the act of crossing from one to another .
as we have seen , metaphoric reversibility is figured in the text thematically as the [state] of being suspended between ideologies , languages and countries , or as the act of crossing from one to another .

This is one 's situation in an airplane , for instance , and in linguistic terms it is a state of verbal anarchy , the condition under which languages ‘ fraternize ’ .
this is one 's situation in an airplane , for instance , and in linguistic terms it is a state of verbal anarchy , the [state] under which languages ‘ fraternize ’ .

The condition of ‘ between-ness ’ is then one of doubling which is at the origin of ‘ fraternization ’ and transgression .
the [state] of ‘ between-ness ’ is then one of doubling which is at the origin of ‘ fraternization ’ and transgression .

It can only ever be a mimicry , for , as Irigaray argues , women can never accede to the condition of subjectivity : ‘ Toute théorie du ‘ sujet ’ aura toujours été appropriée au ‘ masculin ’ ' ( 165 ) .
it can only ever be a mimicry , for , as irigaray argues , women can never accede to the [state] of subjectivity : ‘ toute théorie du ‘ sujet ’ aura toujours été appropriée au ‘ masculin ’ ' ( 165 ) .

The condition of anticipated completion in which the subject experiences itself ‘ au futur antérieur ’ ( 808 ) corresponds to the movement of semantic retroactivity , just as the visual term ‘ rétrovisée ’ corresponds to the spatial image of the mirror — the two moments of this process being one temporal and the other spatial ( 806 ) .
the [state] of anticipated completion in which the subject experiences itself ‘ au futur antérieur ’ ( 808 ) corresponds to the movement of semantic retroactivity , just as the visual term ‘ rétrovisée ’ corresponds to the spatial image of the mirror — the two moments of this process being one temporal and the other spatial ( 806 ) .

The narrative process the mirror represents ‘ does n't work for her ’ , she fails to see behind to the ‘ luminous hoops ’ of other subjects , which is a necessary condition for her accession to the position of subject of discourse .
the narrative process the mirror represents ‘ does n't work for her ’ , she fails to see behind to the ‘ luminous hoops ’ of other subjects , which is a necessary [state] for her accession to the position of subject of discourse .

In Thru this condition is posed as a choice between two masters : ‘ could n't she be happy with y o u in the orbit of an eye and no referent without ?
in thru this [state] is posed as a choice between two masters : ‘ could n't she be happy with y o u in the orbit of an eye and no referent without ?

Redundancy is figured as an existential situation which is used to exemplify the condition of the humanist academic in an increasingly technocratic world .
redundancy is figured as an existential situation which is used to exemplify the [state] of the humanist academic in an increasingly technocratic world .

Because he ‘ fails ’ to grasp the concept of pronouns as shifters ( the understanding of which is , in Irigaray 's terms , the necessary condition for entry into the discourse of the symbolic ) , they term him ‘ slow ’ ( 16 ) .
because he ‘ fails ’ to grasp the concept of pronouns as shifters ( the understanding of which is , in irigaray 's terms , the necessary [state] for entry into the discourse of the symbolic ) , they term him ‘ slow ’ ( 16 ) .

They then realize that not only is this type of undecidability possible in Xorandor 's logic , but that it is also the founding condition of their binary systems .
they then realize that not only is this type of undecidability possible in xorandor 's logic , but that it is also the founding [state] of their binary systems .

This active projection of consciousness outside the self is the condition of true communication , and also the condition of the creation of narrative fiction .
this active projection of consciousness outside the self is the [state] of true communication , and also the [state] of the creation of narrative fiction .

Marshall McLuhan and Walter Ong see the print revolution as an enabling condition for the establishment of fixed point of view which led to the rise of the novel ( McLuhan 1962:126–7,135–6 ; Ong 1982:133,148–9 ) .
marshall mcluhan and walter ong see the print revolution as an enabling [state] for the establishment of fixed point of view which led to the rise of the novel ( mcluhan 1962:126–7,135–6 ; ong 1982:133,148–9 ) .

The endowment is not the loan for everyone — elderly borrowers or people with a serious medical condition , such as diabetes , would be charged too high premiums to make this type of mortgage worthwhile .
the endowment is not the loan for everyone — elderly borrowers or people with a serious medical [state] , such as diabetes , would be charged too high premiums to make this type of mortgage worthwhile .

Or it could be the Brownie whose egg is in the best condition .
or it could be the brownie whose egg is in the best [state] .

An internal viewing is strongly recommended to appreciate the excellent condition and charm with which the property is presented .
an internal viewing is strongly recommended to appreciate the excellent [state] and charm with which the property is presented .

Good Condition Throughout
good [state] throughout

Excellent Condition
excellent [state]

Excellent Condition
excellent [state]

Superb Condition
superb [state]

Presented in excellent condition throughout , this three bedroom , four year old mid terrace property is located in a good residential area off the Eynsham Road in west Oxford .
presented in excellent [state] throughout , this three bedroom , four year old mid terrace property is located in a good residential area off the eynsham road in west oxford .

Presented in excellent condition throughout , this 15 year old staggered terraced property is offered with immediate vacant possession .
presented in excellent [state] throughout , this 15 year old staggered terraced property is offered with immediate vacant possession .

In the main , he is critical of the trend towards over-watering and over-feeding , and explains their detrimental effect on the condition of British courses .
in the main , he is critical of the trend towards over-watering and over-feeding , and explains their detrimental effect on the [state] of british courses .

Occasionally , the condition is associated with a viral infection , but if your daughter 's quite well then you do n't need to worry about that .
occasionally , the [state] is associated with a viral infection , but if your daughter 's quite well then you do n't need to worry about that .

If you 're still concerned , though , take her to your doctor again , and discuss the condition with your health visitor .
if you 're still concerned , though , take her to your doctor again , and discuss the [state] with your health visitor .

This is a condition that occurs in ten per cent of pregnancies after 28 weeks .
this is a [state] that occurs in ten per cent of pregnancies after 28 weeks .

However , there are several early-warning signs of pre-eclampsia which will be observed at your antenatal visits and , in most cases , the condition can be kept safely in check .
however , there are several early-warning signs of pre-eclampsia which will be observed at your antenatal visits and , in most cases , the [state] can be kept safely in check .

Asthma can be a very frightening condition , especially in a child .
asthma can be a very frightening [state] , especially in a child .

One such change arose because , although in general it was the better houses that were sold , some tenants bought houses , without survey , that were in poor structural condition ( especially prefabricated buildings ) and were soon experiencing difficulties paying for repairs and maintenance .
one such change arose because , although in general it was the better houses that were sold , some tenants bought houses , without survey , that were in poor structural [state] ( especially prefabricated buildings ) and were soon experiencing difficulties paying for repairs and maintenance .

The available for work condition is interpreted to mean immediately available , and women have to demonstrate that they have made adequate arrangements for the care of dependants .
the available for work [state] is interpreted to mean immediately available , and women have to demonstrate that they have made adequate arrangements for the care of dependants .

The actively seeking work condition also discriminates against women who , because they are usually responsible for child care and domestic work , have less time to devote to formal jobsearch .
the actively seeking work [state] also discriminates against women who , because they are usually responsible for child care and domestic work , have less time to devote to formal jobsearch .

North Warehouse , the oldest in Gloucester Docks , although in poor structural condition , was the first to be saved from demolition and redeveloped as the new headquarters for Gloucester City Council .
north warehouse , the oldest in gloucester docks , although in poor structural [state] , was the first to be saved from demolition and redeveloped as the new headquarters for gloucester city council .

They are used mainly for inspection of foundations , assessing the condition of lock gates and checking the progress of repair work .
they are used mainly for inspection of foundations , assessing the [state] of lock gates and checking the progress of repair work .

The house is very charming but it 's taken 20 years to get to the present condition .
the house is very charming but it 's taken 20 years to get to the present [state] .

The Williamses fell in love with the outside of the house at first sight and Pauline admits the condition inside was far worse than they first thought .
the williamses fell in love with the outside of the house at first sight and pauline admits the [state] inside was far worse than they first thought .

One day a week we provide only rescue cover , this only for experienced sailors ; this gives us time to keep both boards and staff in good condition , and it 's a good time for you to explore .
one day a week we provide only rescue cover , this only for experienced sailors ; this gives us time to keep both boards and staff in good [state] , and it 's a good time for you to explore .

Fal Sail should be informed of any medical treatment being received , any disability , or whether you are affected by epilepsy , angina , asthma , diabetes , giddy spells or any heart condition .
fal sail should be informed of any medical treatment being received , any disability , or whether you are affected by epilepsy , angina , asthma , diabetes , giddy spells or any heart [state] .

It is a condition of booking that you take out travel insurance covering emergency repatriation and holiday cancellation .
it is a [state] of booking that you take out travel insurance covering emergency repatriation and holiday cancellation .

It is a condition that , at the time of insurance becoming effective , the insured person has not booked his/her holiday contrary to medical advice nor is aware of any circumstances which could reasonably be expected to give rise to a claim .
it is a [state] that , at the time of insurance becoming effective , the insured person has not booked his/her holiday contrary to medical advice nor is aware of any circumstances which could reasonably be expected to give rise to a claim .

We accept cruising yacht bookings on condition that the levels of experience described on your booking form are correct .
we accept cruising yacht bookings on [state] that the levels of experience described on your booking form are correct .

We therefore accept sailing and windsurfing bookings only on condition that each member of your party accepts responsibility for any of their own injuries suffered unless these arise from our proven negligence .
we therefore accept sailing and windsurfing bookings only on [state] that each member of your party accepts responsibility for any of their own injuries suffered unless these arise from our proven negligence .

If you have any such health condition , consult your doctor .
if you have any such health [state] , consult your doctor .

We can accept your booking only if you tell us about your condition , and your doctor does not advise against the activity .
we can accept your booking only if you tell us about your [state] , and your doctor does not advise against the activity .

The heroines here are not the rebels who step out of line to protest against their condition , but the conformers , those who are preoccupied with romance , pop icons and their appearances ; those who read girls ' magazines like Jackie and Just Seventeen and want to be dancers ; those who cope , while only teenagers themselves , with being single mothers .
the heroines here are not the rebels who step out of line to protest against their [state] , but the conformers , those who are preoccupied with romance , pop icons and their appearances ; those who read girls ' magazines like jackie and just seventeen and want to be dancers ; those who cope , while only teenagers themselves , with being single mothers .

The years of closure will be very busy ones , and at the end of them the building will have been returned to sound condition , and the garden restored , for the commencement of Waddesdon 's second hundred years .
the years of closure will be very busy ones , and at the end of them the building will have been returned to sound [state] , and the garden restored , for the commencement of waddesdon 's second hundred years .

With this second novel , Amy Tan has again proved herself to be a first class writer , one who can write books which not only have enormous popular appeal , but also teach us something new about the human condition .
with this second novel , amy tan has again proved herself to be a first class writer , one who can write books which not only have enormous popular appeal , but also teach us something new about the human [state] .

Scientific studies carried out a few years ago revealed that regular sunbed users ( those using a bed more than once a week over a period of a few years ) now have a condition called skin fragility syndrome .
scientific studies carried out a few years ago revealed that regular sunbed users ( those using a bed more than once a week over a period of a few years ) now have a [state] called skin fragility syndrome .

Here are some of the most common queries and out suggestions for helping your hair back to the very best of health and condition .
here are some of the most common queries and out suggestions for helping your hair back to the very best of health and [state] .

Once the condition clears up , switch back to a mild shampoo .
once the [state] clears up , switch back to a mild shampoo .

Many people wrongly diagnose a more serious scaling condition as dandruff , which does n't cause redness .
many people wrongly diagnose a more serious scaling [state] as dandruff , which does n't cause redness .

Ensure that your child does n't rely on his emergency bronchodilator , or forget about his condition after he 's had an attack .
ensure that your child does n't rely on his emergency bronchodilator , or forget about his [state] after he 's had an attack .

At the last competition , one host family , horrified by the condition of their guest 's teeth , spent thousands and thousands of dollars having extensive dental work done before the finals .
at the last competition , one host family , horrified by the [state] of their guest 's teeth , spent thousands and thousands of dollars having extensive dental work done before the finals .

My next find was a Cayman dime , in poor condition .
my next find was a cayman dime , in poor [state] .

Items Nos 7–8 : are two medieval heraldic pendants , both in excellent condition .
items nos 7–8 : are two medieval heraldic pendants , both in excellent [state] .

If in good condition , each coin should fetch between £60.00 and £70.00 .
if in good [state] , each coin should fetch between £60.00 and £70.00 .

Your coin must be in a reasonably good state if you can read the lettering , so it should be worth at least £50.00 , probably more , depending on its condition .
your coin must be in a reasonably good state if you can read the lettering , so it should be worth at least £50.00 , probably more , depending on its [state] .

It is very difficult to date these artefacts , owing to their poor condition , but here goes :
it is very difficult to date these artefacts , owing to their poor [state] , but here goes :

All your gear must be in good condition and regular checks cost nothing .
all your gear must be in good [state] and regular checks cost nothing .

The power of the area to attract tourists has meant that quaint rural villages with thatched buildings are kept in peak condition .
the power of the area to attract tourists has meant that quaint rural villages with thatched buildings are kept in peak [state] .

Her heightened condition persisted , there was nothing she could do about that : the swerves of mood , the burning senses .
her heightened [state] persisted , there was nothing she could do about that : the swerves of mood , the burning senses .

Helen reached in and stirred with distaste ; a brown knitted pixie hat surfaced that her mother used to wear long ago , unravelled now to a skeletal condition .
helen reached in and stirred with distaste ; a brown knitted pixie hat surfaced that her mother used to wear long ago , unravelled now to a skeletal [state] .

Helen , neutrally listening , anaesthetised by her state of uplift , thought that they nicely illustrated the condition of the place .
helen , neutrally listening , anaesthetised by her state of uplift , thought that they nicely illustrated the [state] of the place .

Administratively , growing medical prestige and authority was visible in the series of mid-century acts addressing the health , housing and sanitary condition of the urban working class .
administratively , growing medical prestige and authority was visible in the series of mid-century acts addressing the health , housing and sanitary [state] of the urban working class .

In 1860 she turned her attention to the condition of male agricultural workers in the village of Barnwell , near Cambridge .
in 1860 she turned her attention to the [state] of male agricultural workers in the village of barnwell , near cambridge .

In the nineteenth century it was the squalor and unhealthiness of the northern manufacturing towns , as much as the condition of London 's rookeries , that led to measures of sanitary regulation and housing improvement .
in the nineteenth century it was the squalor and unhealthiness of the northern manufacturing towns , as much as the [state] of london 's rookeries , that led to measures of sanitary regulation and housing improvement .

Some looked for new political initiatives , particularly from the left : a survey of the ‘ condition of Britain ' led Cole and Cole ( 1937 ) to advocate a Popular Front , with a programme embracing both an international policy of democratic defence and economic collaboration .
some looked for new political initiatives , particularly from the left : a survey of the ‘ [state] of britain ' led cole and cole ( 1937 ) to advocate a popular front , with a programme embracing both an international policy of democratic defence and economic collaboration .

Between the wars the idea of modern architecture was a heroic adventure which could actually improve man 's condition .
between the wars the idea of modern architecture was a heroic adventure which could actually improve man 's [state] .

It was a second-hand weapon , but it was in good condition .
it was a second-hand weapon , but it was in good [state] .

‘ It 's in perfect condition .
‘ it 's in perfect [state] .

The earth is fast becoming an unfit home for its noblest inhabitant , and another era of equal human crime and human improvidence … would reduce it to such a condition of impoverished productiveness , of shattered surface , of climatic excess , as to threaten the depravation , barbarism , and perhaps even extinction of the species .
the earth is fast becoming an unfit home for its noblest inhabitant , and another era of equal human crime and human improvidence … would reduce it to such a [state] of impoverished productiveness , of shattered surface , of climatic excess , as to threaten the depravation , barbarism , and perhaps even extinction of the species .

For them high summer was a permanent condition .
for them high summer was a permanent [state] .

Charlotte stared at her in utter amazement , for she had never seen — nor dreamt of seeing — her sister-in-law in such a condition .
charlotte stared at her in utter amazement , for she had never seen — nor dreamt of seeing — her sister-in-law in such a [state] .

But a stray recollection of a golliwog Maurice had given her for her fifth birthday undid the effect in an instant and she reached Swans ' Meadow with her eyes red and face blotchy from tears , only to find to her surprise that Ursula was in a similar condition .
but a stray recollection of a golliwog maurice had given her for her fifth birthday undid the effect in an instant and she reached swans ' meadow with her eyes red and face blotchy from tears , only to find to her surprise that ursula was in a similar [state] .

The human condition adapts in spite of itself , turning abnormality into a form of routine .
the human [state] adapts in spite of itself , turning abnormality into a form of routine .

He wore an open-neck shirt and trousers that needed pressing , but he 'd apologized for his ‘ unkempt ’ condition when he 'd first greeted them , explaining that he 'd been decorating at home and had pulled on the first things to hand in his haste to get to the waxworks .
he wore an open-neck shirt and trousers that needed pressing , but he 'd apologized for his ‘ unkempt ’ [state] when he 'd first greeted them , explaining that he 'd been decorating at home and had pulled on the first things to hand in his haste to get to the waxworks .

We know that the patient who can show distress about their condition , talk about it and share anxiety has a much faster recovery rate than one who suppresses such feelings .
we know that the patient who can show distress about their [state] , talk about it and share anxiety has a much faster recovery rate than one who suppresses such feelings .

Only a dramatic confrontation with the reality of their condition will make them take their illness seriously .
only a dramatic confrontation with the reality of their [state] will make them take their illness seriously .

But a primary condition is that we have to let go of those aspects of our past that are no longer helpful or relevant .
but a primary [state] is that we have to let go of those aspects of our past that are no longer helpful or relevant .

The story , gently explored , was that this condition began after the death of a sister whom she had failed to visit during her final illness , in spite of having been sent for .
the story , gently explored , was that this [state] began after the death of a sister whom she had failed to visit during her final illness , in spite of having been sent for .

For Sycorax was filled with rage at her condition .
for sycorax was filled with rage at her [state] .

The fire should be extinguished , or reduced to a condition where it could not recur , within 8 to 10 minutes from ignition .
the fire should be extinguished , or reduced to a [state] where it could not recur , within 8 to 10 minutes from ignition .

In short , rationality is a condition of the full realization of the meaning of higher education .
in short , rationality is a [state] of the full realization of the meaning of higher education .

But if institutionalized research is a necessary condition of higher education taking place , it can not be a sufficient condition .
but if institutionalized research is a necessary [state] of higher education taking place , it can not be a sufficient [state] .

But , in practice , it appears that a degree of academic autonomy is a necessary condition of academic freedom .
but , in practice , it appears that a degree of academic autonomy is a necessary [state] of academic freedom .

People 's lifestyles are a reflection of their economic condition in society , not the reason for their position .
people 's lifestyles are a reflection of their economic [state] in society , not the reason for their position .

overt beliefs expressed by the organisation and its members , which can be used to condition ( a ) above .
overt beliefs expressed by the organisation and its members , which can be used to [state] ( a ) above .

Most of the village tradesmen were , therefore , within hailing distance of one another ; and although this compactness undoubtedly made Framsden an exception , it was the condition that most villages tended to .
most of the village tradesmen were , therefore , within hailing distance of one another ; and although this compactness undoubtedly made framsden an exception , it was the [state] that most villages tended to .

Therefore to make sure of this important condition he took off his trousers and sat down on the seed-bed , thus testing the warmth of Mother Earth through the most sensitive part of his anatomy .
therefore to make sure of this important [state] he took off his trousers and sat down on the seed-bed , thus testing the warmth of mother earth through the most sensitive part of his anatomy .

As well as being very particular about the horses ' condition the old horsemen were equally concerned about their appearance .
as well as being very particular about the horses ' [state] the old horsemen were equally concerned about their appearance .

Their coats had to shine like satin , and their harness had to be in as good condition as possible .
their coats had to shine like satin , and their harness had to be in as good [state] as possible .

It has now been established that in cases where the Gateway has been totally excised , this condition may be extended indefinitely .
it has now been established that in cases where the gateway has been totally excised , this [state] may be extended indefinitely .

Supposing the Government made a grant to starving nations of £1,000 million on condition that they bought food from us to that value , what would be the effect ?
supposing the government made a grant to starving nations of £1,000 million on [state] that they bought food from us to that value , what would be the effect ?

She had sharp words for those men who believed time spent in women 's company was ‘ mis'employ 'd ’ but admitted that among the ‘ inferior sort ’ , ‘ the Condition of the two Sexes ’ was ‘ more level ’ than among their social superiors .
she had sharp words for those men who believed time spent in women 's company was ‘ mis'employ 'd ’ but admitted that among the ‘ inferior sort ’ , ‘ the [state] of the two sexes ’ was ‘ more level ’ than among their social superiors .

The boys had local reactions and quickly recovered but his wife 's arm became very inflamed and for a time her condition gave cause for concern .
the boys had local reactions and quickly recovered but his wife 's arm became very inflamed and for a time her [state] gave cause for concern .

Late in 1915 , in a letter to Woodward , Dawson reported that he was ailing from an ‘ anaemic condition ’ , which did not improve .
late in 1915 , in a letter to woodward , dawson reported that he was ailing from an ‘ anaemic [state] ’ , which did not improve .

It was perhaps the poignant contrast between her privileged youth and the straitened circumstances of her later life that stimulated Alice to write ‘ my own book of my life , the collections of God 's dealings and mercies to me and all mine till my widowed condition ’ .
it was perhaps the poignant contrast between her privileged youth and the straitened circumstances of her later life that stimulated alice to write ‘ my own book of my life , the collections of god 's dealings and mercies to me and all mine till my widowed [state] ’ .

She was reluctant , given her ‘ more than competent fortune ’ , to give up ‘ that happy and free condition ’ of a single life and suffered a collapse on her wedding day .
she was reluctant , given her ‘ more than competent fortune ’ , to give up ‘ that happy and free [state] ’ of a single life and suffered a collapse on her wedding day .

There had been occasional attempts to re-use the Fell types but this was frustrated by their condition .
there had been occasional attempts to re-use the fell types but this was frustrated by their [state] .

The party found its way back to civilization in a starving condition on an improvised raft .
the party found its way back to civilization in a starving [state] on an improvised raft .

Growing Dutch power in the region led to new interest in establishing a British base in the Straits of Malacca , and in 1786 he obtained a renewal of the offer of Penang from the sultan of Kedah , on condition of a defensive alliance with the East India Company .
growing dutch power in the region led to new interest in establishing a british base in the straits of malacca , and in 1786 he obtained a renewal of the offer of penang from the sultan of kedah , on [state] of a defensive alliance with the east india company .

Her feeling for freedom as ‘ the condition of all development ’ infused her teaching , her patriotism , and her support for women 's suffrage .
her feeling for freedom as ‘ the [state] of all development ’ infused her teaching , her patriotism , and her support for women 's suffrage .

Salmon was imprisoned too , along with Andrew Wyke , and was released on condition that he published a recantation , which appeared in August 1651 under the title Heights in Depths .
salmon was imprisoned too , along with andrew wyke , and was released on [state] that he published a recantation , which appeared in august 1651 under the title heights in depths .

Most importantly , cyanotypes were far more permanent than other early photographs and much of Atkins 's output survived in good condition a century and a half later .
most importantly , cyanotypes were far more permanent than other early photographs and much of atkins 's output survived in good [state] a century and a half later .

While most members were unreservedly against Mary by 1572 , Alford insisted that being privy to the plots against Elizabeth was a necessary condition of her guilt , and he was uncertain of the legal propriety of trying her , a foreign sovereign , in England .
while most members were unreservedly against mary by 1572 , alford insisted that being privy to the plots against elizabeth was a necessary [state] of her guilt , and he was uncertain of the legal propriety of trying her , a foreign sovereign , in england .

His effectiveness in this , his finest hour , was admired as his arrogance and conflict of interest were deplored , and he was made governor of the new colony of British Columbia on condition he leave the company .
his effectiveness in this , his finest hour , was admired as his arrogance and conflict of interest were deplored , and he was made governor of the new colony of british columbia on [state] he leave the company .

Lehzen made it a condition of her appointment that the princess should never see strangers except in her presence .
lehzen made it a [state] of her appointment that the princess should never see strangers except in her presence .

The centres of his concern were the condition of the working classes and fellowship between the classes .
the centres of his concern were the [state] of the working classes and fellowship between the classes .

Duncan submitted evidence to the inquiry into the corporation of Liverpool ( 1833 ) , the commission on the condition of the poor in Ireland ( 1836 report ) , and the House of Commons ' select committee on the health of towns ( 1840 ) , detailing the deplorable ‘ sanitary state of the labouring classes ’ in Liverpool , whose population was rapidly increasing , principally by migration from Ireland and elsewhere .
duncan submitted evidence to the inquiry into the corporation of liverpool ( 1833 ) , the commission on the [state] of the poor in ireland ( 1836 report ) , and the house of commons ' select committee on the health of towns ( 1840 ) , detailing the deplorable ‘ sanitary state of the labouring classes ’ in liverpool , whose population was rapidly increasing , principally by migration from ireland and elsewhere .

He noticed that colonies of micrococci had become transparent and that transfer of this material to a growing colony reproduced the condition .
he noticed that colonies of micrococci had become transparent and that transfer of this material to a growing colony reproduced the [state] .

His Observations on the Circumstances which Influence the Condition of the Labouring Classes ( 1817 ) questioned the linkage by Thomas Malthus [ q.v . ]
his observations on the circumstances which influence the [state] of the labouring classes ( 1817 ) questioned the linkage by thomas malthus [ q.v . ]

In the third edition of his The Principles of Political Economy ( 1821 ) Ricardo added a chapter on machinery , conceding that Barton ‘ had taken a correct view of some of the effects of an increasing amount of fixed capital on the condition of the labouring classes ’ , but maintaining that there was a , perhaps imperfect , positive relationship between increases in capital and the demand for labour .
in the third edition of his the principles of political economy ( 1821 ) ricardo added a chapter on machinery , conceding that barton ‘ had taken a correct view of some of the effects of an increasing amount of fixed capital on the [state] of the labouring classes ’ , but maintaining that there was a , perhaps imperfect , positive relationship between increases in capital and the demand for labour .

He was also allowed to continue trading , on condition that he kept his trustee supplied with a record of his financial affairs , so as to facilitate repayment of outstanding creditors .
he was also allowed to continue trading , on [state] that he kept his trustee supplied with a record of his financial affairs , so as to facilitate repayment of outstanding creditors .

, which he left to the Birmingham Art Gallery ( on condition that it opened on Sundays ) .
, which he left to the birmingham art gallery ( on [state] that it opened on sundays ) .

The re-emergence of feminism in the 1960s is important for women because whatever other political struggles we might be engaged in , our subordination to men individually and collectively is a condition we share with all women irrespective of class , race and sexual preference .
the re-emergence of feminism in the 1960s is important for women because whatever other political struggles we might be engaged in , our subordination to men individually and collectively is a [state] we share with all women irrespective of class , race and sexual preference .

For some reason people did not seem to be able to accept the possibility of two people who were ‘ going steady ’ being in a state of temporary misunderstanding — the common condition of love ; it had to be make or break , ‘ very fond of each other ’ or ‘ broken it off ’ .
for some reason people did not seem to be able to accept the possibility of two people who were ‘ going steady ’ being in a state of temporary misunderstanding — the common [state] of love ; it had to be make or break , ‘ very fond of each other ’ or ‘ broken it off ’ .

For many years it was thought that in the absence of express provision in the original constitution the continued equality of all shares was a fundamental condition which could not be abrogated by an alteration of the articles so as to allow the issue of shares preferential to those already issued .
for many years it was thought that in the absence of express provision in the original constitution the continued equality of all shares was a fundamental [state] which could not be abrogated by an alteration of the articles so as to allow the issue of shares preferential to those already issued .

‘ a condition contained in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the expiration of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary notwithstanding . ’
‘ a [state] contained in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the expiration of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary notwithstanding . ’

( e ) If , as is normal , the regulations merely give the directors power to refuse to register , as opposed to making their passing of transfers a condition precedent to registration , the transferee is entitled to be registered unless the directors resolve as a board to reject .
( e ) if , as is normal , the regulations merely give the directors power to refuse to register , as opposed to making their passing of transfers a [state] precedent to registration , the transferee is entitled to be registered unless the directors resolve as a board to reject .

first , while registration may not be a priority point , failure to register , as we have seen , renders the charge void and therefore registration is a necessary , although not sufficient , condition to obtain priority ;
first , while registration may not be a priority point , failure to register , as we have seen , renders the charge void and therefore registration is a necessary , although not sufficient , [state] to obtain priority ;

‘ Did Edouard lie to me and to your contact at the hotel Georges , was n't it ? — because he was covering up his wife 's condition ? ’
‘ did edouard lie to me and to your contact at the hotel georges , was n't it ? — because he was covering up his wife 's [state] ? ’

Conditional threats are covered by the section , unless the condition expressed is such as to make it abundantly plain that the person uttering it had no intention of carrying out his threat .
conditional threats are covered by the section , unless the [state] expressed is such as to make it abundantly plain that the person uttering it had no intention of carrying out his threat .

If they have provided inadequate stewarding on previous occasions , for example , he might make it a condition that more stewards and better prepared ones are provided on the occasion in question .
if they have provided inadequate stewarding on previous occasions , for example , he might make it a [state] that more stewards and better prepared ones are provided on the occasion in question .

Participating in a procession and knowingly failing to comply with a condition imposed , or inciting another to do so .
participating in a procession and knowingly failing to comply with a [state] imposed , or inciting another to do so .

Organising a public assembly and knowingly failing to comply with a condition imposed , taking part in a public assembly and knowingly failing to observe a condition imposed , or inciting another to participate in such a procession .
organising a public assembly and knowingly failing to comply with a [state] imposed , taking part in a public assembly and knowingly failing to observe a [state] imposed , or inciting another to participate in such a procession .

If the thresholds from logogen system to cognitive system were sometimes or always lower than the thresholds from logogen system to cognitive system , one could then explain subception ( gaining access to the meaning of a word without being able to report the word ) and also semantic errors which occur in the condition known as deep dyslexia in which single printed words are often incorrectly read as semantically related words , e.g .
if the thresholds from logogen system to cognitive system were sometimes or always lower than the thresholds from logogen system to cognitive system , one could then explain subception ( gaining access to the meaning of a word without being able to report the word ) and also semantic errors which occur in the [state] known as deep dyslexia in which single printed words are often incorrectly read as semantically related words , e.g .

The finding that ‘ ee ’ occurred significantly less often in the gead condition than in the other two conditions shows that it is not only the single grapheme that is used as a unit in reading non-words aloud .
the finding that ‘ ee ’ occurred significantly less often in the gead [state] than in the other two conditions shows that it is not only the single grapheme that is used as a unit in reading non-words aloud .

Consider the pattern mask condition first .
consider the pattern mask [state] first .

In the syntactic prose condition the mean latency was 331 milliseconds and in the random condition the mean latency of 358 milliseconds was even longer .
in the syntactic prose [state] the mean latency was 331 milliseconds and in the random [state] the mean latency of 358 milliseconds was even longer .

( Remember that the mean latency in the normal prose condition was 273 milliseconds . )
( remember that the mean latency in the normal prose [state] was 273 milliseconds . )

In the random words condition , reaction time was unrelated to target position .
in the random words [state] , reaction time was unrelated to target position .

We can explain this pattern if we remember that in the normal prose condition subjects were receiving both a syntactic and semantic context .
we can explain this pattern if we remember that in the normal prose [state] subjects were receiving both a syntactic and semantic context .

In the syntactic prose condition there were , of course , no semantic constraints available to reduce the size of the target word 's cohort .
in the syntactic prose [state] there were , of course , no semantic constraints available to reduce the size of the target word 's cohort .

In one condition , the target word was highly predictable from the context .
in one [state] , the target word was highly predictable from the context .

In a second condition it was an unlikely completion of the sentence , while remaining both syntactically and semantically consistent with the context .
in a second [state] it was an unlikely completion of the sentence , while remaining both syntactically and semantically consistent with the context .

In a third condition , the target word was semantically anomalous with respect to the context .
in a third [state] , the target word was semantically anomalous with respect to the context .

For example , with the context She cleaned the dirt from her , the targets were shoes ( in the highly predictable condition ) , hands ( in the unlikely condition ) and terms ( in the anomalous condition ) .
for example , with the context she cleaned the dirt from her , the targets were shoes ( in the highly predictable [state] ) , hands ( in the unlikely [state] ) and terms ( in the anomalous [state] ) .

Furthermore , the anomalous condition produced the greatest number of incorrect lexical decisions ( i.e .
furthermore , the anomalous [state] produced the greatest number of incorrect lexical decisions ( i.e .

In terms of natural discourse interpretation , Dooling 's sentence context condition is much closer to what normally occurs than is the word context condition .
in terms of natural discourse interpretation , dooling 's sentence context [state] is much closer to what normally occurs than is the word context [state] .

In a third condition , words were presented in randomly ordered phrases , so that the sequence of words within a phrase ( marked by / above ) was maintained but the sequence of phrases within the passage was disrupted .
in a third [state] , words were presented in randomly ordered phrases , so that the sequence of words within a phrase ( marked by / above ) was maintained but the sequence of phrases within the passage was disrupted .

However , within each word order condition subjects recalled more words from the passage when they had been informed of its title .
however , within each word order [state] subjects recalled more words from the passage when they had been informed of its title .

They , therefore , introduced a third condition in which subjects were given the title of the passage after having read it .
they , therefore , introduced a third [state] in which subjects were given the title of the passage after having read it .

In this new condition subjects had the benefit of knowing the thematic title at recall but not at the stage of encoding .
in this new [state] subjects had the benefit of knowing the thematic title at recall but not at the stage of encoding .

There was no significant difference between the number of words recalled in this condition and the number recalled by subjects who were not given any information about the theme of the passage .
there was no significant difference between the number of words recalled in this [state] and the number recalled by subjects who were not given any information about the theme of the passage .

In the story condition the passage was presented in the original version shown above .
in the story [state] the passage was presented in the original version shown above .

The narrative after-theme condition was identical except that sentence ( 3 ) which explains the theme of the passage was given at the end .
the narrative after-theme [state] was identical except that sentence ( 3 ) which explains the theme of the passage was given at the end .

In the narrative no-theme condition sentence ( 3 ) was removed altogether .
in the narrative no-theme [state] sentence ( 3 ) was removed altogether .

In a fourth condition subjects were given a description in which not only was sentence ( 3 ) removed but also the internal structure of the story was disrupted by altering the temporal sequencing of events and removing the causal connection between them .
in a fourth [state] subjects were given a description in which not only was sentence ( 3 ) removed but also the internal structure of the story was disrupted by altering the temporal sequencing of events and removing the causal connection between them .

Thorndyke predicted that this last condition would be the most difficult to understand and to remember and that the story condition would be the easiest .
thorndyke predicted that this last [state] would be the most difficult to understand and to remember and that the story [state] would be the easiest .

The two narrative conditions were expected to be of intermediate difficulty with the after-theme condition being easier than the no-theme .
the two narrative conditions were expected to be of intermediate difficulty with the after-theme [state] being easier than the no-theme .

As you would expect , the results of Thorndyke 's experiment showed that both comprehensibility and recall were highest in the story condition and lowest in the description condition with the two narrative conditions producing intermediate scores .
as you would expect , the results of thorndyke 's experiment showed that both comprehensibility and recall were highest in the story [state] and lowest in the description [state] with the two narrative conditions producing intermediate scores .

For our present discussion , the most interesting finding concerns the difference between these two narrative conditions : both comprehensibility and recall were better in the after-theme condition than in the no-theme condition , although the recall difference did not reach significance .
for our present discussion , the most interesting finding concerns the difference between these two narrative conditions : both comprehensibility and recall were better in the after-theme [state] than in the no-theme [state] , although the recall difference did not reach significance .

An interesting insight into the kind of restructuring which had occurred in memory when subjects discovered what the theme of the passage was in Thorndyke 's experiment comes from recall in the narrative after-theme condition .
an interesting insight into the kind of restructuring which had occurred in memory when subjects discovered what the theme of the passage was in thorndyke 's experiment comes from recall in the narrative after-theme [state] .

75 per cent of subjects in this condition included a statement about the overall theme of the passage at the beginning of their recall protocols even though this information had actually been presented at the end of the passage and subjects were instructed to recall the passage verbatim .
75 per cent of subjects in this [state] included a statement about the overall theme of the passage at the beginning of their recall protocols even though this information had actually been presented at the end of the passage and subjects were instructed to recall the passage verbatim .

He found that in the neutral condition , where no particular inference was confirmed or disconfirmed by subsequent information , all potential inferences were falsely identified as having occurred in a passage about 25 per cent of the time .
he found that in the neutral [state] , where no particular inference was confirmed or disconfirmed by subsequent information , all potential inferences were falsely identified as having occurred in a passage about 25 per cent of the time .

In the other condition , where later information required the drawing of bridging inferences , such inferences were falsely recognised 58 per cent of the time .
in the other [state] , where later information required the drawing of bridging inferences , such inferences were falsely recognised 58 per cent of the time .

Potential inferences which were disconfirmed by a later statement were invariably rejected , and inferences which were neither confirmed nor disconfirmed were falsely identified as often as they had been in the neutral condition .
potential inferences which were disconfirmed by a later statement were invariably rejected , and inferences which were neither confirmed nor disconfirmed were falsely identified as often as they had been in the neutral [state] .

In one — the direct antecedent condition — a target sentence had a direct relation to a context sentence presented immediately before it .
in one — the direct antecedent [state] — a target sentence had a direct relation to a context sentence presented immediately before it .

In the other indirect antecedent condition the information in the target sentence could only be related to the context sentence by the making of a bridging inference .
in the other indirect antecedent [state] the information in the target sentence could only be related to the context sentence by the making of a bridging inference .

For example , the target sentence The beer was warm was preceded by the context We got some beer out of the trunk in the direct antecedent condition and by the context We checked the picnic supplies in the indirect antecedent condition .
for example , the target sentence the beer was warm was preceded by the context we got some beer out of the trunk in the direct antecedent [state] and by the context we checked the picnic supplies in the indirect antecedent [state] .

Haviland and Clark found that the time taken to understand the target sentence was significantly greater in the indirect antecedent condition ( 1016 milliseconds ) than in the direct antecedent condition ( 835 milliseconds ) .
haviland and clark found that the time taken to understand the target sentence was significantly greater in the indirect antecedent [state] ( 1016 milliseconds ) than in the direct antecedent [state] ( 835 milliseconds ) .

However this difference might not have reflected the additional time taken to draw an inference in the indirect antecedent condition , but rather that there was repetition of a noun in the direct antecedent condition but not in the indirect antecedent condition .
however this difference might not have reflected the additional time taken to draw an inference in the indirect antecedent [state] , but rather that there was repetition of a noun in the direct antecedent [state] but not in the indirect antecedent [state] .

This was achieved by repeating one noun in the indirect antecedent condition as in the following : Ed wanted an alligator for his birthday .
this was achieved by repeating one noun in the indirect antecedent [state] as in the following : ed wanted an alligator for his birthday .

Haviland and Clark found that the reaction time difference between the two conditions remained and therefore concluded that the additional time taken to comprehend the target sentence in the indirect antecedent condition arose because of the need to draw a bridging inference .
haviland and clark found that the reaction time difference between the two conditions remained and therefore concluded that the additional time taken to comprehend the target sentence in the indirect antecedent [state] arose because of the need to draw a bridging inference .

If the soil that has been excavated is in poor physical condition , discard it and backfill with sand or pea gravel .
if the soil that has been excavated is in poor physical [state] , discard it and backfill with sand or pea gravel .

The method used is largely the same as described for waterlilies , the condition in which the seed has been stored being absolutely critical in most cases .
the method used is largely the same as described for waterlilies , the [state] in which the seed has been stored being absolutely critical in most cases .

Green water of a consistency like pea soup is familiar to most pool owners , for even in well established pools this condition may occur for a few days during early spring when the water is warmed by the sun , so algae appears before the submerged oxygenating plants have had a chance to start growing again .
green water of a consistency like pea soup is familiar to most pool owners , for even in well established pools this [state] may occur for a few days during early spring when the water is warmed by the sun , so algae appears before the submerged oxygenating plants have had a chance to start growing again .

In that log book , which he showed me later , was the name , port and country of origin , of every ship that had passed through during the last eight and a half years , together with her age and condition , her destination , and of course the name of the captain and details of the cargo .
in that log book , which he showed me later , was the name , port and country of origin , of every ship that had passed through during the last eight and a half years , together with her age and [state] , her destination , and of course the name of the captain and details of the cargo .

The essential condition of executive dominance in the British system is party loyalty .
the essential [state] of executive dominance in the british system is party loyalty .

While information is not exactly power itself , it is always a condition of the exercise of power .
while information is not exactly power itself , it is always a [state] of the exercise of power .

There will be great political problems for any government tampering with the more fundamental principles or institutions of the constitution , but the extent of such tampering will depend entirely on the political condition of the time .
there will be great political problems for any government tampering with the more fundamental principles or institutions of the constitution , but the extent of such tampering will depend entirely on the political [state] of the time .

To provide financial information useful for determining and predicting the economic condition of the governmental unit and changes therein .
to provide financial information useful for determining and predicting the economic [state] of the governmental unit and changes therein .

For predicting the impact of programme alternatives on the economic condition of the governmental unit .
for predicting the impact of programme alternatives on the economic [state] of the governmental unit .

Assessing financial condition and results of operations .
assessing financial [state] and results of operations .

If an ex-pupil of an education authority bequeaths £10,000 on the condition that the money is invested and the interest earned is awarded as a prize to the best academic performance each year , the money can not in law be used to keep local taxes down .
if an ex-pupil of an education authority bequeaths £10,000 on the [state] that the money is invested and the interest earned is awarded as a prize to the best academic performance each year , the money can not in law be used to keep local taxes down .

Since little in accounting is absolute , some comparability is a necessary ( though not sufficient ) condition for financial reports .
since little in accounting is absolute , some comparability is a necessary ( though not sufficient ) [state] for financial reports .

The necessary condition of audit independence has a different flavour in government .
the necessary [state] of audit independence has a different flavour in government .

And a famous , ancient legend of kung fu relates that a Buddhist monk named Bodhidharma , crossed the Himalayas on foot to arrive at a half-ruined monastery whose monks were in a terrible state of health ; Bodhidharma , through a series of health-giving exercises based upon some Indian systems of yoga brought the monks from their emaciated state to a condition of youthful vitality .
and a famous , ancient legend of kung fu relates that a buddhist monk named bodhidharma , crossed the himalayas on foot to arrive at a half-ruined monastery whose monks were in a terrible state of health ; bodhidharma , through a series of health-giving exercises based upon some indian systems of yoga brought the monks from their emaciated state to a [state] of youthful vitality .

To derive benefit from taekwondo training , the body has to be in peak physical condition .
to derive benefit from taekwondo training , the body has to be in peak physical [state] .

In this field as in others physical geographers are only one group of contributors to research but recent endeavours have included field measurement of soil water and relationship between condition of the environment including soil water status and plant growth , and it is suggested that the impact of atmospheric pollution on crop growth and yields in advanced industrial countries is an area of research where physical geographers could make a significant contribution .
in this field as in others physical geographers are only one group of contributors to research but recent endeavours have included field measurement of soil water and relationship between [state] of the environment including soil water status and plant growth , and it is suggested that the impact of atmospheric pollution on crop growth and yields in advanced industrial countries is an area of research where physical geographers could make a significant contribution .

… little volume showing that whereas others think the earth made man , man in fact made the earth … The object of the present volume is : to indicate the character and approximately , the extent of the changes produced by human action in the physical condition of the globe we inhabit ; to point out the dangers of imprudence and the necessity of caution in all operations which , on a large scale , interfere with the spontaneous arrangements of the organic or the inorganic world ; to suggest the possibility and the importance of the restoration of disturbed harmonies and the material improvement of waste and exhausted regions ; and incidentally , to illustrate the doctrine , that man is , in both kind and degree , a power of a higher order than any of the other forms of animated life , which , like him , are nourished at the table of bounteous nature .
… little volume showing that whereas others think the earth made man , man in fact made the earth … the object of the present volume is : to indicate the character and approximately , the extent of the changes produced by human action in the physical [state] of the globe we inhabit ; to point out the dangers of imprudence and the necessity of caution in all operations which , on a large scale , interfere with the spontaneous arrangements of the organic or the inorganic world ; to suggest the possibility and the importance of the restoration of disturbed harmonies and the material improvement of waste and exhausted regions ; and incidentally , to illustrate the doctrine , that man is , in both kind and degree , a power of a higher order than any of the other forms of animated life , which , like him , are nourished at the table of bounteous nature .

… seeks to find out whether , and to what degree , man has during his long tenure of the earth , changed it from its hypothetical pristine condition , for as Yi Fu Tuan ( 1971 ) has put it : ‘ The fact of diminishing nature and of human ubiquity is now obvious ’ .
… seeks to find out whether , and to what degree , man has during his long tenure of the earth , changed it from its hypothetical pristine [state] , for as yi fu tuan ( 1971 ) has put it : ‘ the fact of diminishing nature and of human ubiquity is now obvious ’ .

Open systems , however , were portrayed as those which need an energy supply for maintenance and preservation and as maintained in an equilibrium condition by the constant supply and removal of material and energy .
open systems , however , were portrayed as those which need an energy supply for maintenance and preservation and as maintained in an equilibrium [state] by the constant supply and removal of material and energy .

Because entropy relates to the distribution of energy the principle was introduced that the most probable condition exists when energy in a river system is distributed as uniformly as possible according to the physical constraints .
because entropy relates to the distribution of energy the principle was introduced that the most probable [state] exists when energy in a river system is distributed as uniformly as possible according to the physical constraints .

By developing the principle of least work as one of several ways in which the condition of maximum probability may exist in relation to entropy , Leopold and Langbein ( 1962 ) theoretically derived the longitudinal profile of rivers and the hydraulic geometry of river channels .
by developing the principle of least work as one of several ways in which the [state] of maximum probability may exist in relation to entropy , leopold and langbein ( 1962 ) theoretically derived the longitudinal profile of rivers and the hydraulic geometry of river channels .

He thought of his own parents , blissfully happy together until seven years ago when his father had died suddenly of an unsuspected heart condition , just before their silver wedding anniversary .
he thought of his own parents , blissfully happy together until seven years ago when his father had died suddenly of an unsuspected heart [state] , just before their silver wedding anniversary .

‘ There 's one condition . ’
‘ there 's one [state] . ’

Such a condition leads to a degraded cliff , one that is principally the product of subaerial erosion and only locally sharpened at the base by marine erosion .
such a [state] leads to a degraded cliff , one that is principally the product of subaerial erosion and only locally sharpened at the base by marine erosion .

This condition is necessary for marine deltas , otherwise the action of the sea might disperse the sediment .
this [state] is necessary for marine deltas , otherwise the action of the sea might disperse the sediment .

They develop basically because the velocity of a stream diminishes fairly rapidly at its mouth , a condition which must have been accentuated during the Post-glacial rise of sea level : deposition starts , probably aided by flocculation of the finer particles where the effect of salt water is felt , progradation ensues , which further reduces the gradient and so increases deposition by a positive feedback process .
they develop basically because the velocity of a stream diminishes fairly rapidly at its mouth , a [state] which must have been accentuated during the post-glacial rise of sea level : deposition starts , probably aided by flocculation of the finer particles where the effect of salt water is felt , progradation ensues , which further reduces the gradient and so increases deposition by a positive feedback process .

He also hated Jekyll 's weakness and his sad , hopeless condition .
he also hated jekyll 's weakness and his sad , hopeless [state] .

But even without the sanction of separate waiting-rooms or toilets , caste continued to condition the reaction of Indians to each other .
but even without the sanction of separate waiting-rooms or toilets , caste continued to [state] the reaction of indians to each other .

Ah , well , perhaps the steel was pushing ahead with renewed vigour to meet some condition beyond which was not conspicuous to the ‘ boomers ’ , so they sat down to another period of waiting .
ah , well , perhaps the steel was pushing ahead with renewed vigour to meet some [state] beyond which was not conspicuous to the ‘ boomers ’ , so they sat down to another period of waiting .

She was dressed in black , as always , making Riven wonder sourly if she were mourning someone , but there was a bright smile on her face as she took in the battered condition of Murtach 's patrol ; the bandaged Hearthwares , the clawed mounts and the weary eyes of them all .
she was dressed in black , as always , making riven wonder sourly if she were mourning someone , but there was a bright smile on her face as she took in the battered [state] of murtach 's patrol ; the bandaged hearthwares , the clawed mounts and the weary eyes of them all .

The material richness and space of the physical environment were recorded once in each condition .
the material richness and space of the physical environment were recorded once in each [state] .

The physical condition of some of these living units were dilapidated .
the physical [state] of some of these living units were dilapidated .

Averaging the observations in each condition , the group that moved to houses almost doubled their level of participation in meaningful activity , from 16 to 28 per cent .
averaging the observations in each [state] , the group that moved to houses almost doubled their level of participation in meaningful activity , from 16 to 28 per cent .

Analysts such as Anderson ( 1984 ) , Frisby ( 1985 ) and Callinicos ( 1985 ) have thus aggressively disputed Lyotard 's famous pronouncement that the contemporary scepticism before ‘ metanarratives ’ has been midwife to the birth of the postmodern condition .
analysts such as anderson ( 1984 ) , frisby ( 1985 ) and callinicos ( 1985 ) have thus aggressively disputed lyotard 's famous pronouncement that the contemporary scepticism before ‘ metanarratives ’ has been midwife to the birth of the postmodern [state] .

Moreover , popular culture was the subject , and arguably the condition of existence , of high modernist culture .
moreover , popular culture was the subject , and arguably the [state] of existence , of high modernist culture .

The question then is to distinguish cases in which the public benefit is direct and entire from those in which it is indirect and partial , and thereby to obtain a definition which , unlike Lord Macnaghten 's , is a sufficient as well as a necessary condition of charity .
the question then is to distinguish cases in which the public benefit is direct and entire from those in which it is indirect and partial , and thereby to obtain a definition which , unlike lord macnaghten 's , is a sufficient as well as a necessary [state] of charity .

James Saynor , writing in the Observer , set the tone : ‘ Jonathan Meades ’ first novel is long and purple — a condition for which the author would have no difficulty finding a simile .
james saynor , writing in the observer , set the tone : ‘ jonathan meades ’ first novel is long and purple — a [state] for which the author would have no difficulty finding a simile .

Edgar and Isabella Linton had been invited to lunch , and their mother had agreed , on condition that her darlings were kept carefully apart from ‘ that wicked boy ’ .
edgar and isabella linton had been invited to lunch , and their mother had agreed , on [state] that her darlings were kept carefully apart from ‘ that wicked boy ’ .

He knew he should obey what Sabraxis had said , but was concerned he might lose condition if he remained inactive .
he knew he should obey what sabraxis had said , but was concerned he might lose [state] if he remained inactive .

He wanted to do his best the first time he performed , and knew he was not in peak condition .
he wanted to do his best the first time he performed , and knew he was not in peak [state] .

Did her unkempt condition preclude making a quest out of her ?
did her unkempt [state] preclude making a quest out of her ?

‘ Visitors are few to these parts , ’ the young man responded with distrust , ‘ on account of the isolation and , to be sure , the condition of our estate . ’
‘ visitors are few to these parts , ’ the young man responded with distrust , ‘ on account of the isolation and , to be sure , the [state] of our estate . ’

Over the years , Dauntless had become used to loneliness , but he suspected that for Cleo it was a new condition which she was having trouble getting used to .
over the years , dauntless had become used to loneliness , but he suspected that for cleo it was a new [state] which she was having trouble getting used to .

It is worth recalling the accident of history by which the theatre score survives , still in excellent condition .
it is worth recalling the accident of history by which the theatre score survives , still in excellent [state] .

Actual bodily harm need not be serious harm and it has been held to include a hysterical and nervous condition .
actual bodily harm need not be serious harm and it has been held to include a hysterical and nervous [state] .

‘ Treatment other than by X-rays or surgery to the pituitary gland has little or no effect … The condition is due to excessive secretion of the so-called ‘ growth hormone ’ by the pituitary gland … The most obvious symptoms are thickening of the skull , face , hands and feet … Complications sometimes arise as a result of internal organs being affected , these include diabetes and possible impotence … Vision is sometimes impaired .
‘ treatment other than by x-rays or surgery to the pituitary gland has little or no effect … the [state] is due to excessive secretion of the so-called ‘ growth hormone ’ by the pituitary gland … the most obvious symptoms are thickening of the skull , face , hands and feet … complications sometimes arise as a result of internal organs being affected , these include diabetes and possible impotence … vision is sometimes impaired .

Until Charlie paid her at the end of the week , Lucy would again be in her usual flat-broke condition .
until charlie paid her at the end of the week , lucy would again be in her usual flat-broke [state] .

He went on around the block , again and again , until a space opened up in a barely-lit alley and he slipped the car in ahead of a Mercedes driver who , to judge from how he leaned on the horn , was well along the way to a heart condition .
he went on around the block , again and again , until a space opened up in a barely-lit alley and he slipped the car in ahead of a mercedes driver who , to judge from how he leaned on the horn , was well along the way to a heart [state] .

Morning coffee , lunch and high tea is always of a high standard with the course also in tip-top condition .
morning coffee , lunch and high tea is always of a high standard with the course also in tip-top [state] .

Bedrock does not outcrop anywhere but is nonetheless in a highly weathered condition throughout the site .
bedrock does not outcrop anywhere but is nonetheless in a highly weathered [state] throughout the site .

This report will also contain the medical adviser 's opinion of the employee 's medical condition and future fitness to return to work .
this report will also contain the medical adviser 's opinion of the employee 's medical [state] and future fitness to return to work .

Better information on benefits and services available as well as on how to cope with the particular condition of the person cared for .
better information on benefits and services available as well as on how to cope with the particular [state] of the person cared for .

Among the more notable of these are the Hugh Sharp collection containing many English and American first editions in unusually fine condition ; the Bute collection of English Plays , and the Rosebery collection donated in 1927 by Archibald Philip , 5th Earl of Rosebery ( 1847–1929 ) .
among the more notable of these are the hugh sharp collection containing many english and american first editions in unusually fine [state] ; the bute collection of english plays , and the rosebery collection donated in 1927 by archibald philip , 5th earl of rosebery ( 1847–1929 ) .

Mrs. Wicksted reported that a member of the Bingo Club had spoken to her re the condition of the road outside the hall .
mrs. wicksted reported that a member of the bingo club had spoken to her re the [state] of the road outside the hall .

Condition of the footway in the vicinity of the Dentists ’ surgery .
[state] of the footway in the vicinity of the dentists ’ surgery .

The condition of the access road to the Village Hall .
the [state] of the access road to the village hall .

Adherence to a Code of Business Ethics is a condition of employment for all employees .
adherence to a code of business ethics is a [state] of employment for all employees .

The identified problem areas for companies were lubrication , wear , condition monitoring , bearings , gears and seals .
the identified problem areas for companies were lubrication , wear , [state] monitoring , bearings , gears and seals .

We have today received a letter , copy enclosed , from our Agent in which he explains that the tenant has now offered £24,000 for the cottage which she occupies , but on condition that the bedroom which has the ‘ flying freehold ’ is returned to her cottage .
we have today received a letter , copy enclosed , from our agent in which he explains that the tenant has now offered £24,000 for the cottage which she occupies , but on [state] that the bedroom which has the ‘ flying freehold ’ is returned to her cottage .

In relation to permissions requiring improved conditions , the Secretary of State should specify the types of condition that may be imposed , following review , without attracting compensation . We believe that as well as covering new and upgraded operating , restoration and aftercare conditions , these should include :
in relation to permissions requiring improved conditions , the secretary of state should specify the types of [state] that may be imposed , following review , without attracting compensation . we believe that as well as covering new and upgraded operating , restoration and aftercare conditions , these should include :

In 1954 the condition of Cell-y-bedd was causing much concern because all three walls were badly cracked and leaning outwards .
in 1954 the [state] of cell-y-bedd was causing much concern because all three walls were badly cracked and leaning outwards .

By 1987 the condition of the church was again giving cause for concern .
by 1987 the [state] of the church was again giving cause for concern .

Despite the repairs in 1958 the walls of Cell-y-bedd had continued to deteriorate and the rest of the church was in poor condition .
despite the repairs in 1958 the walls of cell-y-bedd had continued to deteriorate and the rest of the church was in poor [state] .

An attempt to reverse the decline in the extent and condition of our hedges and hedgerow trees has been launched by the Countryside Council for Wales and the Welsh Office .
an attempt to reverse the decline in the extent and [state] of our hedges and hedgerow trees has been launched by the countryside council for wales and the welsh office .

Their Hedgerow Renovation Scheme is designed to bring back into good management selected hedgerows that are in poor condition , over- grown , gappy , thin or neglected , but which are capable of restoration .
their hedgerow renovation scheme is designed to bring back into good management selected hedgerows that are in poor [state] , over- grown , gappy , thin or neglected , but which are capable of restoration .

You will be liable subject to Condition 8 above .
you will be liable subject to [state] 8 above .

157 , in Crummy ( 1984 ) , and this remains in a fragmentary condition .
157 , in crummy ( 1984 ) , and this remains in a fragmentary [state] .

Close to St. James 's Gate , Dublin , the clever friars of the Abbey of St. Thomas the Martyr , like their brothers elsewhere , were discovering some home truths about quality control and the merits of allowing beer to come into condition .
close to st. james 's gate , dublin , the clever friars of the abbey of st. thomas the martyr , like their brothers elsewhere , were discovering some home truths about quality control and the merits of allowing beer to come into [state] .

The stores were in good condition after 18 years ; cocoa , salt , flour and matches were found to be as good as when first placed there .
the stores were in good [state] after 18 years ; cocoa , salt , flour and matches were found to be as good as when first placed there .

Next , the stout must be allowed to mature and condition .
next , the stout must be allowed to mature and [state] .

Turning to the full three equations , the instability condition becomes This condition , derived in 1964 by Korobkin and others { 16,25 } is termed the `` bad cavity `` requirement , since it demands that cavity loss damp the field more strongly than the damping of either the polarisation or the population .
turning to the full three equations , the instability [state] becomes this [state] , derived in 1964 by korobkin and others { 16,25 } is termed the `` bad cavity `` requirement , since it demands that cavity loss damp the field more strongly than the damping of either the polarisation or the population .

These same authors also derived the instability threshold condition , here expressible as : Consideration of the effect on the above expression of varying the various decay rates shows that the right side of the above inequality will always be greater than nine , which implies a pumping rate at least nine times above the laser threshold .
these same authors also derived the instability threshold [state] , here expressible as : consideration of the effect on the above expression of varying the various decay rates shows that the right side of the above inequality will always be greater than nine , which implies a pumping rate at least nine times above the laser threshold .

As each new period 2 `` tR bursts into oscillation , the effective free spectral range of the cavity is halved , because the generalised condition for resonance must be constructive interference after 2 `` round trips , since only after 2 `` tR do the cavity 's optical properties repeat themselves .
as each new period 2 `` tr bursts into oscillation , the effective free spectral range of the cavity is halved , because the generalised [state] for resonance must be constructive interference after 2 `` round trips , since only after 2 `` tr do the cavity 's optical properties repeat themselves .

As an index of the difficulty , one may note that linguists frequently oscillate between assigning notions like presupposition , illocutionary force , truth condition to sentences or utterances , although important theoretical consequences follow from the choice .
as an index of the difficulty , one may note that linguists frequently oscillate between assigning notions like presupposition , illocutionary force , truth [state] to sentences or utterances , although important theoretical consequences follow from the choice .

Only 5 per cent are now believed to be in good condition .
only 5 per cent are now believed to be in good [state] .

The satellite is designed to provide scientists with unprecedented data on the condition of the planet .
the satellite is designed to provide scientists with unprecedented data on the [state] of the planet .

An Austrian commission of inquiry into the condition of a Czech reactor just inside the border between the two countries has found it to be in an extremely dangerous state .
an austrian commission of inquiry into the [state] of a czech reactor just inside the border between the two countries has found it to be in an extremely dangerous state .

The condition is affecting growing numbers of children in the country , with one in seven primary schoolchildren suffering from it .
the [state] is affecting growing numbers of children in the country , with one in seven primary schoolchildren suffering from it .

Hay fever has increased four-fold over the last 20 years , with some five million people now suffering from the condition .
hay fever has increased four-fold over the last 20 years , with some five million people now suffering from the [state] .

These methods enable doctors to detect babies that may have problems with breathing at birth and therefore to be in a position to treat the condition promptly .
these methods enable doctors to detect babies that may have problems with breathing at birth and therefore to be in a position to treat the [state] promptly .

Her condition is irreversible and she writes , ‘ this is not so much news as an appeal to Somervillians who might bring the existence of these neuropathies to the attention of the public , some of whom are probably in the early stages .
her [state] is irreversible and she writes , ‘ this is not so much news as an appeal to somervillians who might bring the existence of these neuropathies to the attention of the public , some of whom are probably in the early stages .

Waste incineration and oil recycling plants have been offered free to Polish companies on condition that they accept all shipments and keep all waste .
waste incineration and oil recycling plants have been offered free to polish companies on [state] that they accept all shipments and keep all waste .

Eikmeyer ( 1989 : 27 ) concludes his paper by introducing a subjectivity condition by which the participants judge the values of each parameter .
eikmeyer ( 1989 : 27 ) concludes his paper by introducing a subjectivity [state] by which the participants judge the values of each parameter .

( Remember that the reception slant in this formulation is derived from the subjectivity condition being assumed here , and based on the reader 's view point . )
( remember that the reception slant in this formulation is derived from the subjectivity [state] being assumed here , and based on the reader 's view point . )

When the acceptance condition ( ie acceptance in respect of over 50 per cent of the voting rights in the target ) attached to an offer is satisfied , the offer is described as being unconditional as to acceptances .
when the acceptance [state] ( ie acceptance in respect of over 50 per cent of the voting rights in the target ) attached to an offer is satisfied , the offer is described as being unconditional as to acceptances .

While invariably requiring listed companies to have freely transferable securities , the London Stock Exchange does not impose a condition that a controlling interest should be in public hands .
while invariably requiring listed companies to have freely transferable securities , the london stock exchange does not impose a [state] that a controlling interest should be in public hands .

( 7 ) It must be a condition of any offer for voting equity share capital which could result in more than 50 per cent of the voting rights being obtained that the offer may not become unconditional as to acceptances unless the offeror has acquired or agreed to acquire more than 50 per cent ( Rule 10 ) .
( 7 ) it must be a [state] of any offer for voting equity share capital which could result in more than 50 per cent of the voting rights being obtained that the offer may not become unconditional as to acceptances unless the offeror has acquired or agreed to acquire more than 50 per cent ( rule 10 ) .

In a contested bid , an offeror which offers consideration shares must expect the target 's board to turn its attention to the offeror 's financial condition and performance in an effort to dissuade shareholders from accepting the offer .
in a contested bid , an offeror which offers consideration shares must expect the target 's board to turn its attention to the offeror 's financial [state] and performance in an effort to dissuade shareholders from accepting the offer .

To some extent this may be ameliorated by offering a cash alternative to shareholders , but the offeror must be prepared to defend its own financial condition and may even be compelled to issue a profit or dividend forecast in order to buttress its position .
to some extent this may be ameliorated by offering a cash alternative to shareholders , but the offeror must be prepared to defend its own financial [state] and may even be compelled to issue a profit or dividend forecast in order to buttress its position .

The more normal condition is that it will only be available to those shareholders of the target who have accepted both the share offer and the cash alternative not later than the first closing date .
the more normal [state] is that it will only be available to those shareholders of the target who have accepted both the share offer and the cash alternative not later than the first closing date .

The announcement may contain a pre-condition to the posting of the formal offer document , in which case the offer document need not be posted until that condition is satisfied .
the announcement may contain a pre-condition to the posting of the formal offer document , in which case the offer document need not be posted until that [state] is satisfied .

( 4 ) The Panel must be consulted before any condition which is not entirely objective is included .
( 4 ) the panel must be consulted before any [state] which is not entirely objective is included .

2.4.1 as may be required by any local or other competent authority as a condition of the grant or continuance in force of the Landlord 's Approvals or any of them or
2.4.1 as may be required by any local or other competent authority as a [state] of the grant or continuance in force of the landlord 's approvals or any of them or

5.4.3 To clean the Premises and keep them in a clean neat and tidy condition and ( without prejudice to the generality of the above ) to clean both sides of all windows and window frames in the Premises [ at least [ once ] every [ week ] or as often as is [ reasonably ] necessary ] It is quite easy to devote a whole chapter to the subject of repair and the Law Commission has recently published a consultation paper on the state and condition of leasehold property with a view to considering existing obligations and how the law can be improved with regard to them .
5.4.3 to clean the premises and keep them in a clean neat and tidy [state] and ( without prejudice to the generality of the above ) to clean both sides of all windows and window frames in the premises [ at least [ once ] every [ week ] or as often as is [ reasonably ] necessary ] it is quite easy to devote a whole chapter to the subject of repair and the law commission has recently published a consultation paper on the state and [state] of leasehold property with a view to considering existing obligations and how the law can be improved with regard to them .

5.8.1.2 to view ( and to open up floors and of other parts of the Premises where such opening-up is required in order to view ) the state of repair and condition of the Premises and
5.8.1.2 to view ( and to open up floors and of other parts of the premises where such opening-up is required in order to view ) the state of repair and [state] of the premises and

5.8.1.2 to view the state of repair and condition of the Premises and
5.8.1.2 to view the state of repair and [state] of the premises and

It should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .
it should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the landlord and tenant act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , [state] or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .

5.11.1 every application made by the Tenant for a consent or licence required by the provisions of this Lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any [ lawful ] qualification or condition or whether the application is withdrawn [ unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise ]
5.11.1 every application made by the tenant for a consent or licence required by the provisions of this lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any [ lawful ] qualification or [state] or whether the application is withdrawn [ unless such refusal qualification or [state] is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise ]

5.11.1 every application made by the Tenant for consent or licence required by the provisions of this Lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any lawful qualification or condition or whether the application is withdrawn unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise and unless such consent or licence is unreasonably refused
5.11.1 every application made by the tenant for consent or licence required by the provisions of this lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any lawful qualification or [state] or whether the application is withdrawn unless such refusal qualification or [state] is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise and unless such consent or licence is unreasonably refused

5.12.4 Unless the Landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the Term any works required to be carried out to or in the Premises as a condition of any planning permission which may have been granted during the Term irrespective of the date by which such works were required to be carried out It is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make application for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .
5.12.4 unless the landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the term any works required to be carried out to or in the premises as a [state] of any planning permission which may have been granted during the term irrespective of the date by which such works were required to be carried out it is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make application for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .

6.2 Services To observe and perform [ its ] obligations contained in the sixth Schedule There should be a landlord 's covenant to carry out the services and this covenant should not be qualified by a condition that the landlord 's covenant is subject to the tenant having paid the service charge in respect thereof .
6.2 services to observe and perform [ its ] obligations contained in the sixth schedule there should be a landlord 's covenant to carry out the services and this covenant should not be qualified by a [state] that the landlord 's covenant is subject to the tenant having paid the service charge in respect thereof .

7.6.3.2 any of the Permissions have been granted subject to a lawful condition with which [ it would be impossible for or in all the circumstances it would be unreasonable to expect ] the Landlord to comply
7.6.3.2 any of the permissions have been granted subject to a lawful [state] with which [ it would be impossible for or in all the circumstances it would be unreasonable to expect ] the landlord to comply

9.3 Covenants relating to adjoining Premises Nothing contained in or implied by this Lease shall give the Tenant the benefit of or the right to enforce or to prevent the release or modification of any covenant agreement or condition entered into by any tenant of the Landlord in respect of any property not comprised in this Lease Tenants have very limited rights to enforce covenants against each other .
9.3 covenants relating to adjoining premises nothing contained in or implied by this lease shall give the tenant the benefit of or the right to enforce or to prevent the release or modification of any covenant agreement or [state] entered into by any tenant of the landlord in respect of any property not comprised in this lease tenants have very limited rights to enforce covenants against each other .

3.1.1 to inspect the condition and the state of repair of the Premises
3.1.1 to inspect the [state] and the state of repair of the premises

3.1.3 to view the state and condition of and repair and maintain the Centre where such viewing or work would not otherwise be reasonably practicable
3.1.3 to view the state and [state] of and repair and maintain the centre where such viewing or work would not otherwise be reasonably practicable

If it is classified as a condition , the victim of the breach will be entitled to withdraw ; if it is classified as a warranty , the victim will only be entitled to damages and , by withdrawing , will be committing a breach of contract .
if it is classified as a [state] , the victim of the breach will be entitled to withdraw ; if it is classified as a warranty , the victim will only be entitled to damages and , by withdrawing , will be committing a breach of contract .

This structure is followed in the example given above and can be broken down as follows : If after the Seller has given the Buyer notice that the goods are ready for collection [ case ] , the Buyer fails to collect the goods within seven days [ condition ] , the Seller [ subject ] may make arrangements for the storage of the goods [ action ] and the Buyer shall reimburse the Seller all costs and charges incurred as a result of such storage .
this structure is followed in the example given above and can be broken down as follows : if after the seller has given the buyer notice that the goods are ready for collection [ case ] , the buyer fails to collect the goods within seven days [ [state] ] , the seller [ subject ] may make arrangements for the storage of the goods [ action ] and the buyer shall reimburse the seller all costs and charges incurred as a result of such storage .

In addition , a serious breach , or a breach of a term classified by the contract or by the general law as a condition , will allow the innocent party to terminate the contract .
in addition , a serious breach , or a breach of a term classified by the contract or by the general law as a [state] , will allow the innocent party to terminate the contract .

Under a contract of sale , breach of condition by the seller allows the buyer to reject the goods ( if delivered ) and terminate the contract .
under a contract of sale , breach of [state] by the seller allows the buyer to reject the goods ( if delivered ) and terminate the contract .

Similarly , breach of condition by the buyer allows the seller to treat the contract as repudiated and terminate it .
similarly , breach of [state] by the buyer allows the seller to treat the contract as repudiated and terminate it .

Parties to commercial contracts tend not to terminate the contract even in cases of breach of condition , but will normally be happy to allow the other party to make good any breach .
parties to commercial contracts tend not to terminate the contract even in cases of breach of [state] , but will normally be happy to allow the other party to make good any breach .

However , a breach of condition may be used to justify termination by a party who wants to escape from a contract for commercial reasons .
however , a breach of [state] may be used to justify termination by a party who wants to escape from a contract for commercial reasons .

This may be done by a provision such as : If the Seller is in breach of this term the Buyer may reject the goods and terminate the contract [ making the term a condition ] or The Buyer will accept the goods even if they are delivered late and late delivery will not entitle the buyer to terminate the contract [ making the term a warranty ] or by using the words `` condition `` and `` warranty `` and then defining them in the contract : `` condition `` means a term of this contract any breach of which will entitle the party not in breach to ( i ) terminate the contract and ( ii ) claim damages for losses caused by breach of condition whether or not he terminates the contract . ``
this may be done by a provision such as : if the seller is in breach of this term the buyer may reject the goods and terminate the contract [ making the term a [state] ] or the buyer will accept the goods even if they are delivered late and late delivery will not entitle the buyer to terminate the contract [ making the term a warranty ] or by using the words `` [state] `` and `` warranty `` and then defining them in the contract : `` [state] `` means a term of this contract any breach of which will entitle the party not in breach to ( i ) terminate the contract and ( ii ) claim damages for losses caused by breach of [state] whether or not he terminates the contract . ``

On the other hand , where the contract redefines as a warranty a term which would otherwise be a condition , its effect is to exclude a remedy ( the right to reject goods and/or terminate the contract ) which would otherwise be available to the innocent party , and it will then be regarded as an exclusion clause .
on the other hand , where the contract redefines as a warranty a term which would otherwise be a [state] , its effect is to exclude a remedy ( the right to reject goods and/or terminate the contract ) which would otherwise be available to the innocent party , and it will then be regarded as an exclusion clause .

The contract will generally contain an express warranty intended to be in substitution for a condition which would otherwise be imposed .
the contract will generally contain an express warranty intended to be in substitution for a [state] which would otherwise be imposed .

In that case , as already suggested , the contract will also have to contain an express exclusion of the implied condition .
in that case , as already suggested , the contract will also have to contain an express exclusion of the implied [state] .

The factors which the court is to take into account under Sched 2 are : ( a ) the strength of the bargaining positions of the parties relative to each other , taking into account ( among other things ) alternative means by which the customer 's requirements could have been met ; ( b ) whether the customer received an inducement to agree to the term , or in accepting it had an opportunity of entering into a similar contract with other persons , but without having to accept a similar term ; ( c ) whether the customer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the existence and extent of the term ( having regard , among other things , to any custom of the trade and any previous course of dealing between the parties ) ; ( d ) where the term excludes or restricts any relevant liability if some condition is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at the time of the contract to expect that compliance with that condition would be practicable ; ( e ) whether the goods were manufactured , processed or adapted to the special order of the customer .
the factors which the court is to take into account under sched 2 are : ( a ) the strength of the bargaining positions of the parties relative to each other , taking into account ( among other things ) alternative means by which the customer 's requirements could have been met ; ( b ) whether the customer received an inducement to agree to the term , or in accepting it had an opportunity of entering into a similar contract with other persons , but without having to accept a similar term ; ( c ) whether the customer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the existence and extent of the term ( having regard , among other things , to any custom of the trade and any previous course of dealing between the parties ) ; ( d ) where the term excludes or restricts any relevant liability if some [state] is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at the time of the contract to expect that compliance with that [state] would be practicable ; ( e ) whether the goods were manufactured , processed or adapted to the special order of the customer .

The wisdom of not proceeding simultaneously very much depends on the condition of the property market at the time and is inevitably going to be a gamble .
the wisdom of not proceeding simultaneously very much depends on the [state] of the property market at the time and is inevitably going to be a gamble .

Sometimes , the seller 's solicitors will accept a condition being inserted in the contract , which makes the contract conditional upon a successful planning application .
sometimes , the seller 's solicitors will accept a [state] being inserted in the contract , which makes the contract conditional upon a successful planning application .

The standard condition ( Condition 4 ) deals with time limits for the raising of requisitions and it is now becoming increasingly common practice to mix in requisitions with any additional enquiries under the vague heading of `` Observations `` .
the standard [state] ( [state] 4 ) deals with time limits for the raising of requisitions and it is now becoming increasingly common practice to mix in requisitions with any additional enquiries under the vague heading of `` observations `` .

This practice was only varied if there was some known defect in the title , and if that was so , one could expect to find a special condition on the contract , indicating that the buyer would take the title as it stood , and would not raise requisitions after contracts were exchanged .
this practice was only varied if there was some known defect in the title , and if that was so , one could expect to find a special [state] on the contract , indicating that the buyer would take the title as it stood , and would not raise requisitions after contracts were exchanged .

For example , ensure that the undertaking provides for payment to the bank out of monies coming to your hands ; then if , for some reason beyond your control , you do n't receive the purchase monies this condition wo n't have been fulfilled , and you will be exempt from the obligation to pay .
for example , ensure that the undertaking provides for payment to the bank out of monies coming to your hands ; then if , for some reason beyond your control , you do n't receive the purchase monies this [state] wo n't have been fulfilled , and you will be exempt from the obligation to pay .

Without such a condition the auctioneer is under an obligation to knock the property down to the highest bidder , which could be a financial tragedy for the seller ( and for you , in the shape of an action for negligence ) if the highest bid was below its fair market value .
without such a [state] the auctioneer is under an obligation to knock the property down to the highest bidder , which could be a financial tragedy for the seller ( and for you , in the shape of an action for negligence ) if the highest bid was below its fair market value .

Standard condition 2.3 deals with auctions .
standard [state] 2.3 deals with auctions .

In any of these events , a special condition needs to be inserted in order to make it clear which restrictions the property is being sold subject to , and copies of any restrictive covenants should be supplied .
in any of these events , a special [state] needs to be inserted in order to make it clear which restrictions the property is being sold subject to , and copies of any restrictive covenants should be supplied .

If this arrangement is to be varied a special condition is required .
if this arrangement is to be varied a special [state] is required .

Standard Condition 2.2 now deals with the payment of deposits and provides for a 10 % deposit to be taken .
standard [state] 2.2 now deals with the payment of deposits and provides for a 10 % deposit to be taken .

Standard Condition 6.6.5 provides that where a deposit of less than 10 % is taken on exchange , the balance of the 10 % becomes payable immediately on service of a notice to complete .
standard [state] 6.6.5 provides that where a deposit of less than 10 % is taken on exchange , the balance of the 10 % becomes payable immediately on service of a notice to complete .

The condition requires the deposit to be paid only by a banker 's draft or solicitors ' cheque .
the [state] requires the deposit to be paid only by a banker 's draft or solicitors ' cheque .

The condition also allows sellers to use part of the deposit to fund their own deposit in a related transaction , and such part of the deposit as is used in this way will be held by the seller 's conveyancer as agent , and the balance as stakeholder .
the [state] also allows sellers to use part of the deposit to fund their own deposit in a related transaction , and such part of the deposit as is used in this way will be held by the seller 's conveyancer as agent , and the balance as stakeholder .

Finally , the condition provides that interest shall be paid on stakeholder deposits to the seller on completion .
finally , the [state] provides that interest shall be paid on stakeholder deposits to the seller on completion .

If the lessor 's title is already registered as absolute , this is a simple matter — but remember to have in the contract for sale or your requisitions on title , a special condition that before or immediately after completion the lessor will lodge or cause to be lodged in the Registry the land or charge certificate of his title , and will furnish the buyer with the deposit reference .
if the lessor 's title is already registered as absolute , this is a simple matter — but remember to have in the contract for sale or your requisitions on title , a special [state] that before or immediately after completion the lessor will lodge or cause to be lodged in the registry the land or charge certificate of his title , and will furnish the buyer with the deposit reference .

In the above circumstances , there would simply be a special condition attaching to the draft contract , which would recite the deed that was to be the root of title , and the matter would be left at that until after contracts were exchanged .
in the above circumstances , there would simply be a special [state] attaching to the draft contract , which would recite the deed that was to be the root of title , and the matter would be left at that until after contracts were exchanged .

( 5 ) Where under a contract of sale the transfer of the property in the goods is to take place at a future time or subject to some condition later to be fulfilled the contract is called an agreement to sell .
( 5 ) where under a contract of sale the transfer of the property in the goods is to take place at a future time or subject to some [state] later to be fulfilled the contract is called an agreement to sell .

In these circumstances , it is probable that both transactions will be regarded as interdependent so that the part exchange element may be construed as a sale subject to a condition subsequently , thereby , making it determinable if the financier does not accept the transaction .
in these circumstances , it is probable that both transactions will be regarded as interdependent so that the part exchange element may be construed as a sale subject to a [state] subsequently , thereby , making it determinable if the financier does not accept the transaction .

( 2 ) Difficulty of assessment of damages is an indication in favour of categorising a term as a condition .
( 2 ) difficulty of assessment of damages is an indication in favour of categorising a term as a [state] .

( 3 ) To make `` total loss `` the only test of a condition is contrary to authority , for example , terms as to the time of shipment , delivery and payment have been traditionally regarded as conditions , irrespective of the fact that failure to comply with them does not always have serious consequences .
( 3 ) to make `` total loss `` the only test of a [state] is contrary to authority , for example , terms as to the time of shipment , delivery and payment have been traditionally regarded as conditions , irrespective of the fact that failure to comply with them does not always have serious consequences .

Indeed in Ireland , questions of safety for road users explains the incorporation of s13 ( 2 ) of the Irish Sale and Supply of Goods Act 1980 which provides that , except where the buyer is a dealer in motor vehicles , `` there is an implied condition that , at the time of the delivery of the vehicle under the contract , it is free from any defect which would render it a danger to the public , including persons travelling in the vehicle `` .
indeed in ireland , questions of safety for road users explains the incorporation of s13 ( 2 ) of the irish sale and supply of goods act 1980 which provides that , except where the buyer is a dealer in motor vehicles , `` there is an implied [state] that , at the time of the delivery of the vehicle under the contract , it is free from any defect which would render it a danger to the public , including persons travelling in the vehicle `` .

This does not apply if the parties agree that the vehicle is not to be used in the condition in which it is when sold , and a document to this effect is signed by them and given to the buyer at the time of delivery .
this does not apply if the parties agree that the vehicle is not to be used in the [state] in which it is when sold , and a document to this effect is signed by them and given to the buyer at the time of delivery .

( h ) Excepted defects There is no condition as to merchantability where defects have been drawn to the buyer 's attention before the contract is made , or if the defects should have been obvious from examination .
( h ) excepted defects there is no [state] as to merchantability where defects have been drawn to the buyer 's attention before the contract is made , or if the defects should have been obvious from examination .

It was held that there had been a breach of the implied condition as to fitness for purpose , the court refusing to read the word `` particular `` in s14 ( 3 ) in the sense of special as opposed to general purpose .
it was held that there had been a breach of the implied [state] as to fitness for purpose , the court refusing to read the word `` particular `` in s14 ( 3 ) in the sense of special as opposed to general purpose .

Moreover , it was accepted by the House of Lords that if the sellers had not known that the herring meal was to be used as food , no condition of fitness for purpose would have been implied .
moreover , it was accepted by the house of lords that if the sellers had not known that the herring meal was to be used as food , no [state] of fitness for purpose would have been implied .

Even if the buyer relies on the seller 's skill or judgment , the implied condition can not be invoked where this reliance is unreasonable .
even if the buyer relies on the seller 's skill or judgment , the implied [state] can not be invoked where this reliance is unreasonable .

This is recognised in the Law Commission Working Paper No 85 ( 1983 ) in relation to self-assembly furniture where it was said : The goods would , of course , have to be in a condition in which they could be assembled , and if they were sold without adequate instructions it is unlikely that they would meet the required standard of quality .
this is recognised in the law commission working paper no 85 ( 1983 ) in relation to self-assembly furniture where it was said : the goods would , of course , have to be in a [state] in which they could be assembled , and if they were sold without adequate instructions it is unlikely that they would meet the required standard of quality .

( 2 ) In the case of a contract for sale by sample there is an implied condition ( a ) that the bulk will correspond with the sample in quality ; ( b ) that the buyer will have a reasonable opportunity of comparing the bulk with the sample ; ( c ) that the goods will be free from any defect , rendering them unmerchantable , which would not be apparent on reasonable examination of the sample .
( 2 ) in the case of a contract for sale by sample there is an implied [state] ( a ) that the bulk will correspond with the sample in quality ; ( b ) that the buyer will have a reasonable opportunity of comparing the bulk with the sample ; ( c ) that the goods will be free from any defect , rendering them unmerchantable , which would not be apparent on reasonable examination of the sample .

This second hypothesis is suggested by the general tone of the reflections contained in the poem as a whole , as well as by the intertextual reference to a well-known Christian prayer , where `` this vale of tears ' is a metaphor for the human condition on earth .
this second hypothesis is suggested by the general tone of the reflections contained in the poem as a whole , as well as by the intertextual reference to a well-known christian prayer , where `` this vale of tears ' is a metaphor for the human [state] on earth .

Note that condition ( b ) does not have to be satisfied in relation to costs incurred on an appeal .
note that [state] ( b ) does not have to be satisfied in relation to costs incurred on an appeal .

The same conditions apply to a requirement for psychiatric treatment except that the doctor must be approved under s12 of the Mental Health Act 1983 and the court must be satisfied that the child 's condition does not warrant detention under the mental health legislation .
the same conditions apply to a requirement for psychiatric treatment except that the doctor must be approved under s12 of the mental health act 1983 and the court must be satisfied that the child 's [state] does not warrant detention under the mental health legislation .

If it requires that the person to be taxed is resident in the United Kingdom that condition of residence would not be satisfied if one or more of the trustees is not resident in the United Kingdom .
if it requires that the person to be taxed is resident in the united kingdom that [state] of residence would not be satisfied if one or more of the trustees is not resident in the united kingdom .

( b ) In some circumstances , individual solicitors may be required to attend a relevant training course as a condition of acceptance on to the panel .
( b ) in some circumstances , individual solicitors may be required to attend a relevant training course as a [state] of acceptance on to the panel .

( iv ) In some circumstances , individual solicitors may be required to attend a relevant training course as a condition of acceptance onto the panel .
( iv ) in some circumstances , individual solicitors may be required to attend a relevant training course as a [state] of acceptance onto the panel .

You will also be asked about your medical condition .
you will also be asked about your medical [state] .

Where you are fortunate in making reasonably rapid recovery , or where your medical condition stabilises quickly , then we may be able to conclude your case within 12 to 18 months of the your instructing us .
where you are fortunate in making reasonably rapid recovery , or where your medical [state] stabilises quickly , then we may be able to conclude your case within 12 to 18 months of the your instructing us .

We can not finalise it until your condition has sufficiently stabilised for us to be reasonably sure that no unforeseen deterioration may occur .
we can not finalise it until your [state] has sufficiently stabilised for us to be reasonably sure that no unforeseen deterioration may occur .

You should point out the necessity of co-operating with the doctor but you should warn the plaintiff that this is limited to matters relating to his or her medical condition .
you should point out the necessity of co-operating with the doctor but you should warn the plaintiff that this is limited to matters relating to his or her medical [state] .

We also require your opinion as to whether there is a chance that our client will suffer any disease or deterioration in his/her physical or mental condition in the future as a result of his/her injuries .
we also require your opinion as to whether there is a chance that our client will suffer any disease or deterioration in his/her physical or mental [state] in the future as a result of his/her injuries .

By contrast , in tripping cases and any other case where the condition of the road or roadside is relevant , it will almost always be necessary to circularise the neighbourhood ( see Chapters 29 and 33 ) .
by contrast , in tripping cases and any other case where the [state] of the road or roadside is relevant , it will almost always be necessary to circularise the neighbourhood ( see chapters 29 and 33 ) .

It accords them a privilege from action for defamation , on the condition that they are made honestly .
it accords them a privilege from action for defamation , on the [state] that they are made honestly .

The first accords qualified privilege unconditionally ; the second grants it subject to the condition that a reasonable right of reply must have been afforded to victims of privileged defamations .
the first accords qualified privilege unconditionally ; the second grants it subject to the [state] that a reasonable right of reply must have been afforded to victims of privileged defamations .

The papers by Christoph Sauer and Kiernan Ryan are both concerned with the way in which language can be used to influence people 's conceptions of themselves and of the socio-political environment they live in , as well as to condition and constrain their behaviour .
the papers by christoph sauer and kiernan ryan are both concerned with the way in which language can be used to influence people 's conceptions of themselves and of the socio-political environment they live in , as well as to [state] and constrain their behaviour .

These are inappetence , anaemia and loss of condition .
these are inappetence , anaemia and loss of [state] .

Treatment with one of the benzimidazoles or levamisole is effective and the condition may be prevented by ensuring that birds do not run on the same ground each year .
treatment with one of the benzimidazoles or levamisole is effective and the [state] may be prevented by ensuring that birds do not run on the same ground each year .

This is based on the grazing history and clinical signs of loss of condition and anaemia .
this is based on the grazing history and clinical signs of loss of [state] and anaemia .

Canine angiostrongylosis is usually a chronic condition , extending over months or even years .
canine angiostrongylosis is usually a chronic [state] , extending over months or even years .

Treatment is symptomatic and the condition can be prevented by housing animals on clean , dry bedding .
treatment is symptomatic and the [state] can be prevented by housing animals on clean , dry bedding .

The condition occurs most commonly in children who have had close contact with household pets , or who have frequented areas such as public parks where there is contamination of the ground by dog faeces .
the [state] occurs most commonly in children who have had close contact with household pets , or who have frequented areas such as public parks where there is contamination of the ground by dog faeces .

‘ Well , it 's a recognised symptom of the condition that an attack can come out of the blue .
‘ well , it 's a recognised symptom of the [state] that an attack can come out of the blue .

You did n't cause her condition .
you did n't cause her [state] .

Someone brought him down to the hospital a couple of hours ago , and since then his condition has deteriorated .
someone brought him down to the hospital a couple of hours ago , and since then his [state] has deteriorated .

You 've seen for yourself , her condition is deteriorating by the hour .
you 've seen for yourself , her [state] is deteriorating by the hour .

Was he being treated for any medical condition ?
was he being treated for any medical [state] ?

Socialism and the Condition of the People , the new programme presented to the Hastings Conference of 1933 , initiated the controversy which was to drive Sir Stafford Cripps and the newly formed Socialist League into opposition to the official policy of the Party .
socialism and the [state] of the people , the new programme presented to the hastings conference of 1933 , initiated the controversy which was to drive sir stafford cripps and the newly formed socialist league into opposition to the official policy of the party .

There had been , of course , clearly nothing to be gained by telling Liz all about all the hard , strenuous efforts required just to keep the bricks and mortar of the family home in good condition .
there had been , of course , clearly nothing to be gained by telling liz all about all the hard , strenuous efforts required just to keep the bricks and mortar of the family home in good [state] .

Graham Rowell was only concerned with how he was going to treat a condition or an injury ; he said it was n't his job to worry about how it could have been prevented in the first place .
graham rowell was only concerned with how he was going to treat a [state] or an injury ; he said it was n't his job to worry about how it could have been prevented in the first place .

Then , putting paid to any ideas he might have , she added , ‘ On condition that that is how it remains : a friendly environment purely for working purposes .
then , putting paid to any ideas he might have , she added , ‘ on [state] that that is how it remains : a friendly environment purely for working purposes .

Her sister 's illness had taken its toll on her looks and they had all spent some very traumatic moments helping her to come to terms with the debilitating condition which had now rendered her legs virtually useless .
her sister 's illness had taken its toll on her looks and they had all spent some very traumatic moments helping her to come to terms with the debilitating [state] which had now rendered her legs virtually useless .

In her case the disease had progressed rapidly with little instances of remission and her condition had deteriorated so much that within three years she was almost permanently confined to a wheelchair .
in her case the disease had progressed rapidly with little instances of remission and her [state] had deteriorated so much that within three years she was almost permanently confined to a wheelchair .

She quickly realised that the majority of them seemed to have Down 's syndrome while the disabilities of the others seemed to range from mild cerebral palsy to a spastic condition , these latter demanding the most attention and help from David and the woman who was with them .
she quickly realised that the majority of them seemed to have down 's syndrome while the disabilities of the others seemed to range from mild cerebral palsy to a spastic [state] , these latter demanding the most attention and help from david and the woman who was with them .

While David and Greg made their way to the front of the plane , Rachel and Nina attempted to assess the condition of the passengers who had been seated at the rear .
while david and greg made their way to the front of the plane , rachel and nina attempted to assess the [state] of the passengers who had been seated at the rear .

When asked if it was the Ministry 's intention to sell the aircraft in an airworthy condition , the spokesman explained that the aircraft was airworthy , but felt there was a good chance it may well go to a museum who would want to road the airframe away .
when asked if it was the ministry 's intention to sell the aircraft in an airworthy [state] , the spokesman explained that the aircraft was airworthy , but felt there was a good chance it may well go to a museum who would want to road the airframe away .

With low prices being realised and the distinct lack of enthusiasm from the floor , the Onslow 's auction reflected the depressed condition of the market .
with low prices being realised and the distinct lack of enthusiasm from the floor , the onslow 's auction reflected the depressed [state] of the market .

During the entire voyage the large portions of the aircraft will be cover with Polymax film to protect them from damaging sunlight and moisture , ensuring that they arrive at their new home in pristine condition .
during the entire voyage the large portions of the aircraft will be cover with polymax film to protect them from damaging sunlight and moisture , ensuring that they arrive at their new home in pristine [state] .

This overcomes any tendency for Safrane to oversteer — the most destabilising condition for the majority of drivers .
this overcomes any tendency for safrane to oversteer — the most destabilising [state] for the majority of drivers .

’ Three types of condition are specifically referred to in the legislation :
’ three types of [state] are specifically referred to in the legislation :

Conditions can be imposed for regulating the development or use of any land under the control of the applicant , whether or not it is the land to which the application relates , so long as there is a definite relationship between the object of the condition and the development permitted .
conditions can be imposed for regulating the development or use of any land under the control of the applicant , whether or not it is the land to which the application relates , so long as there is a definite relationship between the object of the [state] and the development permitted .

Until the passing of the 1968 Act , there was no general time limit within which development had to take place ; unless a specific condition was imposed .
until the passing of the 1968 act , there was no general time limit within which development had to take place ; unless a specific [state] was imposed .

The 1968 Act , however , made all planning permissions subject to a condition that development is begun within five years .
the 1968 act , however , made all planning permissions subject to a [state] that development is begun within five years .

Moreover , some agreements enabled local authorities to obtain gains which could not legally be achieved through a condition .
moreover , some agreements enabled local authorities to obtain gains which could not legally be achieved through a [state] .

Economic and social factors now loom large , and can be seen as being of greater importance than purely land use matters , though the courts would not necessarily accept such a line of reasoning ( as , for instance , when Lord Widgery held that the London Borough of Hillingdon could not impose a condition that the occupants of a private housing development should be people on the council 's waiting list ) .
economic and social factors now loom large , and can be seen as being of greater importance than purely land use matters , though the courts would not necessarily accept such a line of reasoning ( as , for instance , when lord widgery held that the london borough of hillingdon could not impose a [state] that the occupants of a private housing development should be people on the council 's waiting list ) .

In particular to ensure that land that is restored to agriculture , forestry or amenity uses can be managed in a suitable way for a period after the restoration itself is complete to ensure that it returns to a proper level of productivity by an ‘ after-care ’ condition .
in particular to ensure that land that is restored to agriculture , forestry or amenity uses can be managed in a suitable way for a period after the restoration itself is complete to ensure that it returns to a proper level of productivity by an ‘ after-care ’ [state] .

To ensure that a site is used only for holidays ( and not for ‘ residential purposes ’ ) , planning permission can include a condition limiting the use of a site to the holiday season .
to ensure that a site is used only for holidays ( and not for ‘ residential purposes ’ ) , planning permission can include a [state] limiting the use of a site to the holiday season .

Owners had ( by law ) to ensure , for example , that their properties were in good sanitary condition , that new buildings conformed to certain building standards , that streets were of a minimum width , and so on .
owners had ( by law ) to ensure , for example , that their properties were in good sanitary [state] , that new buildings conformed to certain building standards , that streets were of a minimum width , and so on .

Indeed , outline planning permission for a proposal is often given on the condition that detailed plans and appearances meet the approval of the authority .
indeed , outline planning permission for a proposal is often given on the [state] that detailed plans and appearances meet the approval of the authority .

All buildings built before 1700 which survive in anything like their original condition are listed ;
all buildings built before 1700 which survive in anything like their original [state] are listed ;

The National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 enabled planning approvals to be given subject to the condition that trees are planted , and local authorities themselves have power to plant trees on any land in their area .
the national parks and access to the countryside act 1949 enabled planning approvals to be given subject to the [state] that trees are planted , and local authorities themselves have power to plant trees on any land in their area .

The men never looked anything until they were at least forty , and the women , especially the thin ones , went into a condition of permanent desiccation in their mid-twenties .
the men never looked anything until they were at least forty , and the women , especially the thin ones , went into a [state] of permanent desiccation in their mid-twenties .

It is not the uncontrollable event , however , which is crucial as a determinant of depression but the expectation of a lack of control over stress which is argued to be a sufficient condition for depression ( Seligman , 1975 ) .
it is not the uncontrollable event , however , which is crucial as a determinant of depression but the expectation of a lack of control over stress which is argued to be a sufficient [state] for depression ( seligman , 1975 ) .

Adherents to a disease model of mental illness have shown considerable interest in the possibility that disorder is inherited , either a given condition itself , or some related psychological dysfunction .
adherents to a disease model of mental illness have shown considerable interest in the possibility that disorder is inherited , either a given [state] itself , or some related psychological dysfunction .

Severe unipolar depression , that is , depression of a similar type and severity to the bipolar condition , but without alternating swings towards mania , also to some extent seems to run in families .
severe unipolar depression , that is , depression of a similar type and severity to the bipolar [state] , but without alternating swings towards mania , also to some extent seems to run in families .

Separation is not a sufficient cause of depression , because a depressive response of clinical proportions is not observed in more than 10 per cent of those who experience it … Separation is not a necessary cause for depression because many depressions develop in its absence … Separation is not a specific cause for depression , as it precedes the onset or exacerbation of other forms of psychiatric disorder … Separation may result from clinical depression and , therefore , it may aggravate or maintain a pre-existing depressive condition … Finally , separation may precipitate hospitalisation rather than the depressive disorder .
separation is not a sufficient cause of depression , because a depressive response of clinical proportions is not observed in more than 10 per cent of those who experience it … separation is not a necessary cause for depression because many depressions develop in its absence … separation is not a specific cause for depression , as it precedes the onset or exacerbation of other forms of psychiatric disorder … separation may result from clinical depression and , therefore , it may aggravate or maintain a pre-existing depressive [state] … finally , separation may precipitate hospitalisation rather than the depressive disorder .

Cutting ( 1985 ) has collected a number of personal accounts of people 's early subjective experiences of the condition .
cutting ( 1985 ) has collected a number of personal accounts of people 's early subjective experiences of the [state] .

Twins were often studied to chart how often both would develop the condition .
twins were often studied to chart how often both would develop the [state] .

One possible explanation of the condition is a dysfunction of the right hemisphere of the brain and an overcompensation by the left side .
one possible explanation of the [state] is a dysfunction of the right hemisphere of the brain and an overcompensation by the left side .

If the condition requires frequent hospital admissions and a restriction of physical activity , further adverse effects may occur .
if the [state] requires frequent hospital admissions and a restriction of physical activity , further adverse effects may occur .

Immunisation for teenage girls against rubella also reduces the chance that pregnant women will catch and transmit the infection to their unborn children , with possible resultant brain damage ; and biochemical screening of pregnant women to detect phenylketonuria enables the condition to be treated promptly in the newborn infant ( Graham , 1977 ) .
immunisation for teenage girls against rubella also reduces the chance that pregnant women will catch and transmit the infection to their unborn children , with possible resultant brain damage ; and biochemical screening of pregnant women to detect phenylketonuria enables the [state] to be treated promptly in the newborn infant ( graham , 1977 ) .

Pipe flow illustrates , in a more extreme way than other flows , the limitations to linear stability theory ( Section 17.4 ) , in providing only a sufficient condition for flow breakdown , not a necessary one .
pipe flow illustrates , in a more extreme way than other flows , the limitations to linear stability theory ( section 17.4 ) , in providing only a sufficient [state] for flow breakdown , not a necessary one .

At such a boundary ( at rest ) , the boundary condition that the fluid velocity is zero applies at every instant .
at such a boundary ( at rest ) , the boundary [state] that the fluid velocity is zero applies at every instant .

These gloomy thoughts have kept coming back to me in the last few days in the national Art Library at the Victoria & Albert Museum , collecting reference material on all those women artists who should have been included in Gravity and Grace : the Changing Condition of Sculpture 1965–1975 at the Hayward Gallery .
these gloomy thoughts have kept coming back to me in the last few days in the national art library at the victoria & albert museum , collecting reference material on all those women artists who should have been included in gravity and grace : the changing [state] of sculpture 1965–1975 at the hayward gallery .

Gravity and Grace : The Changing Condition of Sculpture Hayward Gallery London , 21 January–14 March
gravity and grace : the changing [state] of sculpture hayward gallery london , 21 january–14 march

There are times when photography by women becomes women 's photography , a close bonding of consciousness , an awareness , not of feminist issues , but of a precise and finite condition of being .
there are times when photography by women becomes women 's photography , a close bonding of consciousness , an awareness , not of feminist issues , but of a precise and finite [state] of being .

It was a rifle in pristine condition , still greasy from the packing case and with the heavy , cold distinctive smell he knew so well .
it was a rifle in pristine [state] , still greasy from the packing case and with the heavy , cold distinctive smell he knew so well .

Most studies of this type have yet to evaluate the efficiency of such species as dispersers rather than visitors or feeders , but in cloud forest of Costa Rica , where three pioneer tree species were found to be visited by six bird species , only three left seeds in a viable condition , the ‘ seed shadows ’ , found by radio-tracking , extending up to 500m from the parent tree .
most studies of this type have yet to evaluate the efficiency of such species as dispersers rather than visitors or feeders , but in cloud forest of costa rica , where three pioneer tree species were found to be visited by six bird species , only three left seeds in a viable [state] , the ‘ seed shadows ’ , found by radio-tracking , extending up to 500m from the parent tree .

Most specialized is the condition in Couratari spp .
most specialized is the [state] in couratari spp .

At her age , anything could happen , but this condition , once it 's operated on , should n't cause any more problems .
at her age , anything could happen , but this [state] , once it 's operated on , should n't cause any more problems .

This was a serious problem , and her instructions were to get any patient in this condition to the city hospital , eight miles away .
this was a serious problem , and her instructions were to get any patient in this [state] to the city hospital , eight miles away .

‘ You 're right , Shelley — except that we do n't request X-rays on Sundays unless the condition is life-threatening .
‘ you 're right , shelley — except that we do n't request x-rays on sundays unless the [state] is life-threatening .

‘ You should have told me about Mrs Richards ’ heart condition — and about her request not to be moved from Monte Samana .
‘ you should have told me about mrs richards ’ heart [state] — and about her request not to be moved from monte samana .

‘ Not if you have a medical condition , ’ said Shelley through gritted teeth , as she injected the fluid into the patient 's arm .
‘ not if you have a medical [state] , ’ said shelley through gritted teeth , as she injected the fluid into the patient 's arm .

Shelley said shortly , ‘ Depends on her condition . Let's take a look first , shall we ? ’
shelley said shortly , ‘ depends on her [state] . let's take a look first , shall we ? ’

The discovery started her crying in earnest , which meant a stop in a lay-by for a while before she was in a fit condition to resume her journey home .
the discovery started her crying in earnest , which meant a stop in a lay-by for a while before she was in a fit [state] to resume her journey home .

‘ And there 's a condition . ’
‘ and there 's a [state] . ’

She 's in a lot of pain , and is extremely anxious about her condition .
she 's in a lot of pain , and is extremely anxious about her [state] .

‘ At the moment no visitors , until her condition has been fully assessed .
‘ at the moment no visitors , until her [state] has been fully assessed .

She was eventually taken to hospital , and this morning they told Moira that her condition is very serious .
she was eventually taken to hospital , and this morning they told moira that her [state] is very serious .

‘ Oh , really ? ’ Normally Rory despised sarcasm , but right now she could n't prevent it from creeping into her voice . ‘ And just how would you diagnose my condition , Dr Burns ? ’
‘ oh , really ? ’ normally rory despised sarcasm , but right now she could n't prevent it from creeping into her voice . ‘ and just how would you diagnose my [state] , dr burns ? ’

‘ You made the condition that we dance according to the music , ’ he reminded her .
‘ you made the [state] that we dance according to the music , ’ he reminded her .

Their patient was still alive but his condition was deteriorating visibly .
their patient was still alive but his [state] was deteriorating visibly .

They were obviously shocked by his condition and lost for words , but he shocked them further with his .
they were obviously shocked by his [state] and lost for words , but he shocked them further with his .

‘ You 're a cruel man , ’ she told him later , putting on a mournful face . ‘ Fancy laughing at a woman in that condition ! ’
‘ you 're a cruel man , ’ she told him later , putting on a mournful face . ‘ fancy laughing at a woman in that [state] ! ’

Jack nodded briefly and returned to his relentless checking of the boy 's condition .
jack nodded briefly and returned to his relentless checking of the boy 's [state] .

Dr Lawrence , what can you tell us about the condition of the injured man ?
dr lawrence , what can you tell us about the [state] of the injured man ?

She was thankful that from an early age she had taken up sports and , latterly , exercise classes , which meant that her body was in good condition .
she was thankful that from an early age she had taken up sports and , latterly , exercise classes , which meant that her body was in good [state] .

This condition commonly leads to the accumulation of calcium carbonate at , or near , the surface , while under more extreme conditions of aridity soluble salts such as gypsum ( ) , halite ( ) and thenardite ( ) may be precipitated .
this [state] commonly leads to the accumulation of calcium carbonate at , or near , the surface , while under more extreme conditions of aridity soluble salts such as gypsum ( ) , halite ( ) and thenardite ( ) may be precipitated .

Perhaps we tend not to see this year 's household survey as an historical datum because it is the human condition to flatter ourselves that our own lives are outside time , and therefore outside history .
perhaps we tend not to see this year 's household survey as an historical datum because it is the human [state] to flatter ourselves that our own lives are outside time , and therefore outside history .

If the information content , represented by the magnetic configuration of the disc coating , is what makes a set of discs Windows , then does ‘ Windows 1.0 , condition poor ’ mean anything ?
if the information content , represented by the magnetic configuration of the disc coating , is what makes a set of discs windows , then does ‘ windows 1.0 , [state] poor ’ mean anything ?

But observed through our telescope ( condition , good ) we see the image of a mosque .
but observed through our telescope ( [state] , good ) we see the image of a mosque .

It is difficult , looking back , to form a balanced view of the condition of all these working people .
it is difficult , looking back , to form a balanced view of the [state] of all these working people .

Self-satisfied spokesmen for the bourgeoisie were inclined to overstress the improvement , though none would deny what Sir Robert Giffen ( 1837–1900 ) , looking back on the British half-century before 1883 , tactfully called ‘ a residuum still unimproved ’ , nor that the improvement ‘ even when measured by a low ideal , is far too small ’ , nor that ‘ no one can contemplate the condition of the masses of the people without desiring something like a revolution for the better ’ .
self-satisfied spokesmen for the bourgeoisie were inclined to overstress the improvement , though none would deny what sir robert giffen ( 1837–1900 ) , looking back on the british half-century before 1883 , tactfully called ‘ a residuum still unimproved ’ , nor that the improvement ‘ even when measured by a low ideal , is far too small ’ , nor that ‘ no one can contemplate the [state] of the masses of the people without desiring something like a revolution for the better ’ .

is in mint condition ,
is in mint [state] ,

He thus accepted the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour and its corollary that a fall in the real wage rate is a necessary condition for a rise in employment .
he thus accepted the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour and its corollary that a fall in the real wage rate is a necessary [state] for a rise in employment .

But for other Keynesians , particularly in the United States , the Phillips curve furnished the last equation of the Keynesian model , supplanting once and for all that notorious intruder , the condition .
but for other keynesians , particularly in the united states , the phillips curve furnished the last equation of the keynesian model , supplanting once and for all that notorious intruder , the [state] .

Since the condition for rationality contained in restriction ( 7.3 ) rules out any systematic relation between v t , the prediction error , and lagged values of v t , it rules out by the same token any persistent deviation of y t from y * ; .
since the [state] for rationality contained in restriction ( 7.3 ) rules out any systematic relation between v t , the prediction error , and lagged values of v t , it rules out by the same token any persistent deviation of y t from y * ; .

If the county court and the High Court have concurrent jurisdiction to hear the case proceedings may be commenced in either court ( art 4 ) , except that : ( 1 ) proceedings which include a claim for damages in respect of personal injuries must be commenced in the county court , unless the value of the action ( defined below ) is £50,000 or more ( art 5(1) ) ; personal injuries are defined as " personal injuries to the plaintiff or any other person and include disease , impairment of physical or mental condition , and death " ( art 5(2) ) ; ( 2 ) applications under s 19 of the Local Government Finance Act 1982 ( applications concerning decisions of local authority auditors ) and appeals under s 20 of that Act ( appeals against such decisions ) must be commenced in the High Court ( art 6 ) ; and ( 3 ) under s 1 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 the Lord Chancellor may by order require any other categories of case to be commenced in one or other court ; to date there are no such other orders .
if the county court and the high court have concurrent jurisdiction to hear the case proceedings may be commenced in either court ( art 4 ) , except that : ( 1 ) proceedings which include a claim for damages in respect of personal injuries must be commenced in the county court , unless the value of the action ( defined below ) is £50,000 or more ( art 5(1) ) ; personal injuries are defined as " personal injuries to the plaintiff or any other person and include disease , impairment of physical or mental [state] , and death " ( art 5(2) ) ; ( 2 ) applications under s 19 of the local government finance act 1982 ( applications concerning decisions of local authority auditors ) and appeals under s 20 of that act ( appeals against such decisions ) must be commenced in the high court ( art 6 ) ; and ( 3 ) under s 1 of the courts and legal services act 1990 the lord chancellor may by order require any other categories of case to be commenced in one or other court ; to date there are no such other orders .

The delivery of a request for further and better particulars is not a condition precedent to the making of an order for them , but the failure to make a prior request is a ground for refusing the order : Ord 6 , r 7 .
the delivery of a request for further and better particulars is not a [state] precedent to the making of an order for them , but the failure to make a prior request is a ground for refusing the order : ord 6 , r 7 .

Money paid into court to abide the event , whether in satisfaction under Ord 11 , r 1 ( 1 ) or as a condition of obtaining relief , is placed by the court in a deposit account ( in case of payment in satisfaction after the time for acceptance expires ) .
money paid into court to abide the event , whether in satisfaction under ord 11 , r 1 ( 1 ) or as a [state] of obtaining relief , is placed by the court in a deposit account ( in case of payment in satisfaction after the time for acceptance expires ) .

The court as a condition of granting any application may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit , including the giving of security , the giving of an undertaking , payment of money into court ( sic ) , payment of all or any part of the costs of the proceedings , or the giving of a power of re-entry ( Ord 13 , r 1 ( 8 ) and Ord 22 , r 9 ) ) .
the court as a [state] of granting any application may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit , including the giving of security , the giving of an undertaking , payment of money into court ( sic ) , payment of all or any part of the costs of the proceedings , or the giving of a power of re-entry ( ord 13 , r 1 ( 8 ) and ord 22 , r 9 ) ) .

The defendant will want to check the extent of any permanent disability alleged by the plaintiff , whether any pre-accident condition has been exacerbated and the extent of the functional element .
the defendant will want to check the extent of any permanent disability alleged by the plaintiff , whether any pre-accident [state] has been exacerbated and the extent of the functional element .

As with any other expert 's report the accountant 's report will have to be disclosed as a condition precedent to calling him : the defendant 's solicitor will be entitled to object to the expense of such evidence if it simply deals with calculations the plaintiff 's solicitor could make himself .
as with any other expert 's report the accountant 's report will have to be disclosed as a [state] precedent to calling him : the defendant 's solicitor will be entitled to object to the expense of such evidence if it simply deals with calculations the plaintiff 's solicitor could make himself .

( 5 ) Where the term excludes liability if some condition is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at time of contract to expect that such condition could be complied with .
( 5 ) where the term excludes liability if some [state] is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at time of contract to expect that such [state] could be complied with .

They often require the buyer to sign a delivery note which contains a statement to the effect that signature signifies that the goods have been delivered in compliance with the contract , and in good condition , a nd that therefore the buyer accepts them .
they often require the buyer to sign a delivery note which contains a statement to the effect that signature signifies that the goods have been delivered in compliance with the contract , and in good [state] , a nd that therefore the buyer accepts them .

When secondhand goods are sold on the `` as is `` basis of Precedent 4 , the question arises as to the extent to which the seller can disclaim responsibility for their condition if they are to be used at work either by the buyer , or by someone to whom the buyer sells them .
when secondhand goods are sold on the `` as is `` basis of precedent 4 , the question arises as to the extent to which the seller can disclaim responsibility for their [state] if they are to be used at work either by the buyer , or by someone to whom the buyer sells them .

5.1 The Seller warrants that [ ( except in relation to intellectual property rights of third parties as referred to in Condition 5.3 ) ] the Seller has good title to the goods [ and that ( pursuant to s 12(3) of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 , or s 2(3) of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 , whichever Act applies to the Order ) it will transfer such title as it may have in the goods to the Purchaser pursuant to Condition 5.5 ] .
5.1 the seller warrants that [ ( except in relation to intellectual property rights of third parties as referred to in [state] 5.3 ) ] the seller has good title to the goods [ and that ( pursuant to s 12(3) of the sale of goods act 1979 , or s 2(3) of the supply of goods and services act 1982 , whichever act applies to the order ) it will transfer such title as it may have in the goods to the purchaser pursuant to [state] 5.5 ] .

[ 5.3 The Seller shall have no liability to the Purchaser ( other than as provided in Condition 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the Order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the Seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or alleged infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded . ]
[ 5.3 the seller shall have no liability to the purchaser ( other than as provided in [state] 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or alleged infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded . ]

If the Seller shall be unable , through circumstances beyond its control ( including without limitation lack of shipping instructions from the Purchaser ) , to deliver the goods within 14 days after notification to the Purchaser or its agent that the goods are ready for delivery , the Seller shall be entitled to arrange storage on behalf of the Purchaser , whereupon delivery shall be deemed to have taken place , all risk in the goods shall pass to the Purchaser , and delivery to the Purchaser of the relevant warehouse receipt shall be deemed to be delivery of the goods for the purposes of Condition 4 .
if the seller shall be unable , through circumstances beyond its control ( including without limitation lack of shipping instructions from the purchaser ) , to deliver the goods within 14 days after notification to the purchaser or its agent that the goods are ready for delivery , the seller shall be entitled to arrange storage on behalf of the purchaser , whereupon delivery shall be deemed to have taken place , all risk in the goods shall pass to the purchaser , and delivery to the purchaser of the relevant warehouse receipt shall be deemed to be delivery of the goods for the purposes of [state] 4 .

8.2 For the purposes of this Condition , " Force Majeure " means fire , explosion , flood , lightning , Act of God , act of terrorism , war , rebellion , riot , sabotage , or official strike or similar official labour dispute , or events or circumstances outside the reasonable control of the party affected thereby .
8.2 for the purposes of this [state] , " force majeure " means fire , explosion , flood , lightning , act of god , act of terrorism , war , rebellion , riot , sabotage , or official strike or similar official labour dispute , or events or circumstances outside the reasonable control of the party affected thereby .

9.1.2 Any repaired or replaced goods shall be redelivered by the Seller free of charge to the original point of delivery but otherwise in accordance with and subject to these Conditions of Sale [ save that the period of [ twelve months ] referred to in Condition 9.1.1 shall be replaced by the unexpired portion of that period only ] .
9.1.2 any repaired or replaced goods shall be redelivered by the seller free of charge to the original point of delivery but otherwise in accordance with and subject to these conditions of sale [ save that the period of [ twelve months ] referred to in [state] 9.1.1 shall be replaced by the unexpired portion of that period only ] .

9.1.3 Alternatively to Condition 9.1.1 , the Seller shall be entitled at its absolute discretion to refund the price of the defective goods in the event that such price shall already have been paid by the Purchaser to the Seller , or , if such price has not been so paid , to relieve the Purchaser of all obligation to pay the same by the issue of a credit note in favour of the Purchaser in the amount of such price .
9.1.3 alternatively to [state] 9.1.1 , the seller shall be entitled at its absolute discretion to refund the price of the defective goods in the event that such price shall already have been paid by the purchaser to the seller , or , if such price has not been so paid , to relieve the purchaser of all obligation to pay the same by the issue of a credit note in favour of the purchaser in the amount of such price .

9.3 The Seller 's liability under this Condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the Purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to Condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the Seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .
9.3 the seller 's liability under this [state] shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to [state] 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .

10.2 The benefit of Condition 10.1 is granted to the Purchaser by the Seller only in the event that the Purchaser shall give the Seller the earliest possible notice in writing of any such claim being made or action threatened or brought against it , shall make no admission of liability or take any other action in connection therewith , shall permit the Seller to have the conduct of the claim pursuant to Condition 10.1 , and shall ( at the Seller 's expense ) give all reasonable information , cooperation and assistance to the Seller ( including without limitation lending its name to proceedings ) in relation to the conduct of the claim .
10.2 the benefit of [state] 10.1 is granted to the purchaser by the seller only in the event that the purchaser shall give the seller the earliest possible notice in writing of any such claim being made or action threatened or brought against it , shall make no admission of liability or take any other action in connection therewith , shall permit the seller to have the conduct of the claim pursuant to [state] 10.1 , and shall ( at the seller 's expense ) give all reasonable information , cooperation and assistance to the seller ( including without limitation lending its name to proceedings ) in relation to the conduct of the claim .

In addition to , if it is made a condition of any settlement made by the Seller , or judgment awarded against the Purchaser , pursuant to Condition 10.1 , the Purchaser shall return or destroy , as applicable , all infringing goods still under its control subject to a refund by the Seller of any payment for such goods already made [ less a reasonable allowance for depreciation of the goods by reason of their use ( if any ) by the Purchaser prior to their return or destruction as aforesaid ] .
in addition to , if it is made a [state] of any settlement made by the seller , or judgment awarded against the purchaser , pursuant to [state] 10.1 , the purchaser shall return or destroy , as applicable , all infringing goods still under its control subject to a refund by the seller of any payment for such goods already made [ less a reasonable allowance for depreciation of the goods by reason of their use ( if any ) by the purchaser prior to their return or destruction as aforesaid ] .

10.3 The provisions of Condition 10.1 shall not apply to any infringement caused by the Seller having followed a design or instruction furnished or given by the Purchaser nor to any use of the goods in a manner or for a purpose which shall have been specifically prohibited in writing by the Seller , nor to any infringement which is due to the use of such goods in association or combination with any other product .
10.3 the provisions of [state] 10.1 shall not apply to any infringement caused by the seller having followed a design or instruction furnished or given by the purchaser nor to any use of the goods in a manner or for a purpose which shall have been specifically prohibited in writing by the seller , nor to any infringement which is due to the use of such goods in association or combination with any other product .

10.5 For the purposes of this Condition , the capitalised term `` Intellectual Property Rights `` means Patents , Registered Designs , Unregistered Designs , Registered Trademarks and Copyright only , having effect in the United Kingdom .
10.5 for the purposes of this [state] , the capitalised term `` intellectual property rights `` means patents , registered designs , unregistered designs , registered trademarks and copyright only , having effect in the united kingdom .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , in no circumstances shall the Seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .
subject to [state] 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these conditions ( other than [state] 14 ) or the order , in no circumstances shall the seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , the Seller 's liability to the Purchaser in respect of the Order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods specified in the Order or [ £ ] whichever is the greater .
subject to [state] 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these conditions ( other than [state] 14 ) or the order , the seller 's liability to the purchaser in respect of the order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods specified in the order or [ £ ] whichever is the greater .

1.4 Nothing in these conditions shall prejudice any condition or warranty expressed or implied , or any legal remedy to which we may be entitled , in relation to the goods and/or the work the subject of this order , by virtue of any statute or custom or any general law or local law or regulation .
1.4 nothing in these conditions shall prejudice any [state] or warranty expressed or implied , or any legal remedy to which we may be entitled , in relation to the goods and/or the work the subject of this order , by virtue of any statute or custom or any general law or local law or regulation .

In cases where Condition 10.1 does not apply , we shall be obliged to pay you in accordance with the terms specified overleaf upon delivery of the goods to storage , and ( where such storage exceeds 30 days ) we shall reimburse you for your reasonable expenses ( including insurance ) of such storage .
in cases where [state] 10.1 does not apply , we shall be obliged to pay you in accordance with the terms specified overleaf upon delivery of the goods to storage , and ( where such storage exceeds 30 days ) we shall reimburse you for your reasonable expenses ( including insurance ) of such storage .

3.3 Any goods and/or work rejected under Condition 3.2 must at our request be replaced or re-performed as the case may be , by you at your expense ; alternatively we may elect ( at our option ) to cancel this order as provided in Condition 10.2 both in respect of the goods and/or the work in question and of the whole of the undelivered balance ( if any ) of the goods and/or the remainder of the work ( if any ) covered by this order .
3.3 any goods and/or work rejected under [state] 3.2 must at our request be replaced or re-performed as the case may be , by you at your expense ; alternatively we may elect ( at our option ) to cancel this order as provided in [state] 10.2 both in respect of the goods and/or the work in question and of the whole of the undelivered balance ( if any ) of the goods and/or the remainder of the work ( if any ) covered by this order .

In particular , it is no evidence that the correct quantity or number of goods has been delivered or that the goods delivered are in good condition or of the correct quality .
in particular , it is no evidence that the correct quantity or number of goods has been delivered or that the goods delivered are in good [state] or of the correct quality .

4.1 Property and risk in the goods shall pass to us , when they are delivered in accordance with Condition 2.1 .
4.1 property and risk in the goods shall pass to us , when they are delivered in accordance with [state] 2.1 .

6.2 You shall indemnify us from all actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever resulting from any actual or alleged infringement as aforesaid in Condition 6.1 , and at your own expense will defend or ( at our option ) assist in the defence of any proceedings which may be brought in that connection , provided that you shall be under no liability under Condition 6.1 or this Condition in respect of any infringement as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .
6.2 you shall indemnify us from all actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever resulting from any actual or alleged infringement as aforesaid in [state] 6.1 , and at your own expense will defend or ( at our option ) assist in the defence of any proceedings which may be brought in that connection , provided that you shall be under no liability under [state] 6.1 or this [state] in respect of any infringement as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .

6.3 No goods covered by orders shall be manufactured sold or disposed by you in violation of any right whatsoever of third parties , and in particular , but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , of any patent right , trademark or similar right , or of any charge , mortgage or lien , provided that you shall be under no liability under this Condition in respect of a violation as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .
6.3 no goods covered by orders shall be manufactured sold or disposed by you in violation of any right whatsoever of third parties , and in particular , but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , of any patent right , trademark or similar right , or of any charge , mortgage or lien , provided that you shall be under no liability under this [state] in respect of a violation as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .

This order is given on the condition that ( without prejudice to the generality of Condition 7.1 ) you will indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) in respect of personal injury to , or the death of , any such employees , agents , sub-contractors or other representative while on our premises whether or not such persons are ( at the time when such personal injury or deaths are caused ) acting in the course of their employment .
this order is given on the [state] that ( without prejudice to the generality of [state] 7.1 ) you will indemnify us against all loss , actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever ( if any ) which we may incur either at common law or by statute ( other than as a result of any default or neglect of ourselves or of any person for whom we are responsible ) in respect of personal injury to , or the death of , any such employees , agents , sub-contractors or other representative while on our premises whether or not such persons are ( at the time when such personal injury or deaths are caused ) acting in the course of their employment .

This indemnity shall not be prejudiced or waived by any exercise of our rights under Condition 3.3 .
this indemnity shall not be prejudiced or waived by any exercise of our rights under [state] 3.3 .

You shall not use any of the foregoing except in connection with our orders , and you shall maintain the same in good condition and return them to us at any time on demand or otherwise automatically on completion of this order .
you shall not use any of the foregoing except in connection with our orders , and you shall maintain the same in good [state] and return them to us at any time on demand or otherwise automatically on completion of this order .

8.2 You shall indemnify us against any loss or damage to the items mentioned in Condition 8.1 , arising while such items are in your possession or before redelivery to us .
8.2 you shall indemnify us against any loss or damage to the items mentioned in [state] 8.1 , arising while such items are in your possession or before redelivery to us .

This Condition can only have effect if it is called into operation by the party wishing to rely on it giving written notice to the other to that effect .
this [state] can only have effect if it is called into operation by the party wishing to rely on it giving written notice to the other to that effect .

10.2 Subject to Condition 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account thereof , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and specifications stated in the order and with the foregoing conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) with Conditions 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .
10.2 subject to [state] 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account thereof , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and specifications stated in the order and with the foregoing conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) with conditions 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .

( This machinery is similar to the condition precedent cases at 6.2.2 and 6.3.4 . )
( this machinery is similar to the [state] precedent cases at 6.2.2 and 6.3.4 . )

An expert may find it necessary to take steps to secure the payment of fees and expenses by , for instance , making payment of his fees a condition of publishing his decision .
an expert may find it necessary to take steps to secure the payment of fees and expenses by , for instance , making payment of his fees a [state] of publishing his decision .

Many of these arbitrations are about the quality and/or condition of commodities like rice or coffee .
many of these arbitrations are about the quality and/or [state] of commodities like rice or coffee .

The arbitrator 's task is to look at and sniff the sample of the commodity and to apply his trade experience to determine its quality or condition .
the arbitrator 's task is to look at and sniff the sample of the commodity and to apply his trade experience to determine its quality or [state] .

This is of great importance in practice because planning permissions are invariably granted subject to a condition that the permitted development is begun within a stipulated time .
this is of great importance in practice because planning permissions are invariably granted subject to a [state] that the permitted development is begun within a stipulated time .

This is a convenient practice as it avoids the need , for example , for speculation as to how the injured person 's condition will develop from the time of the initial injury or for speculation as to what his financial loss up to the date of trial at least will be .
this is a convenient practice as it avoids the need , for example , for speculation as to how the injured person 's [state] will develop from the time of the initial injury or for speculation as to what his financial loss up to the date of trial at least will be .

3.9 It has of course long been recognised that a person who suffers an identifiable psychiatric illness or psychological condition , often referred to as nervous shock , can be awarded damages without the necessity of showing direct impact or fear of immediate physical injuries for himself where another dies or suffers personal injury .
3.9 it has of course long been recognised that a person who suffers an identifiable psychiatric illness or psychological [state] , often referred to as nervous shock , can be awarded damages without the necessity of showing direct impact or fear of immediate physical injuries for himself where another dies or suffers personal injury .

For reasons described in 4.7 below , Newco will usually have more than one class of shares , so condition ( c ) will not be satisfied . ``
for reasons described in 4.7 below , newco will usually have more than one class of shares , so [state] ( c ) will not be satisfied . ``

In practice it is difficult to comply with the added condition that the company be employee controlled in each year of assessment in which interest is paid , so this relief is not often used in management buy-outs .
in practice it is difficult to comply with the added [state] that the company be employee controlled in each year of assessment in which interest is paid , so this relief is not often used in management buy-outs .

It is likely to be a condition of the investment that Newco takes out keyman insurance on the lives and health of the managers .
it is likely to be a [state] of the investment that newco takes out keyman insurance on the lives and health of the managers .

The chargee is unlikely to provide the release before completion and therefore this is invariably the last condition precedent to be satisfied .
the chargee is unlikely to provide the release before completion and therefore this is invariably the last [state] precedent to be satisfied .

The purchaser should resist allowing the vendor to impose a condition drafted in general terms that the purchaser must be satisfied with the result of a survey .
the purchaser should resist allowing the vendor to impose a [state] drafted in general terms that the purchaser must be satisfied with the result of a survey .

If there are contracts which are essential to the conduct of the business , the purchaser should make obtaining consent to assign or novate these a condition precedent .
if there are contracts which are essential to the conduct of the business , the purchaser should make obtaining consent to assign or novate these a [state] precedent .

If the transaction falls within one of four relevant classes full compliance with the relevant procedure will be a condition precedent to the completion of the transaction .
if the transaction falls within one of four relevant classes full compliance with the relevant procedure will be a [state] precedent to the completion of the transaction .

The most important condition for the purchaser to consider is the need for written notice of the assignment to be given to the debtor or supplier .
the most important [state] for the purchaser to consider is the need for written notice of the assignment to be given to the debtor or supplier .

Many affected trees have been dying within a year of the condition being detected .
many affected trees have been dying within a year of the [state] being detected .

According to the study , a `` cat `` in good condition fitted to a typical vehicle will cut emissions of carbon monoxide , hydrocarbons and oxides of nitrogen by 90 per cent in each case .
according to the study , a `` cat `` in good [state] fitted to a typical vehicle will cut emissions of carbon monoxide , hydrocarbons and oxides of nitrogen by 90 per cent in each case .

Lithuanian , St Petersbourg plants " in worrying condition "
lithuanian , st petersbourg plants " in worrying [state] "

Corals in the seas off northern Queensland are losing their colour and will die if the condition persists , according to local reports .
corals in the seas off northern queensland are losing their colour and will die if the [state] persists , according to local reports .

The Sanasilva report noted that the condition of the oak , spruce and Scots pine , the main species in the Alps , is the worst on record since the phenomenon of dying forests was first documented in the region in 1985 .
the sanasilva report noted that the [state] of the oak , spruce and scots pine , the main species in the alps , is the worst on record since the phenomenon of dying forests was first documented in the region in 1985 .

An internal memo by a senior employee at the Rocky Flats plant in Colorado has disclosed that substantial amounts of highly radioactive plutonium are stored in unsafe or untested containers and in unstable condition and are not suitably protected against fire .
an internal memo by a senior employee at the rocky flats plant in colorado has disclosed that substantial amounts of highly radioactive plutonium are stored in unsafe or untested containers and in unstable [state] and are not suitably protected against fire .

The German Environment Minister , Klaus Toepfer , has described the condition of nuclear plants in the Soviet Union as `` giving cause for concern `` .
the german environment minister , klaus toepfer , has described the [state] of nuclear plants in the soviet union as `` giving cause for concern `` .

Deaths from asthma in various regions have risen by 30-60 per cent over the last decade , and one in seven children have now been diagnosed as suffering from the condition .
deaths from asthma in various regions have risen by 30-60 per cent over the last decade , and one in seven children have now been diagnosed as suffering from the [state] .

Royal favor ceased to be an essential condition for forming the Government .
royal favor ceased to be an essential [state] for forming the government .

As heir to the Disraelian belief in elevating the condition of the people and as a party seeking to enhance its image among working class voters , the Conservative Party could claim both a principled as well as a practical motive for maintaining the innovations of its predecessor .
as heir to the disraelian belief in elevating the [state] of the people and as a party seeking to enhance its image among working class voters , the conservative party could claim both a principled as well as a practical motive for maintaining the innovations of its predecessor .

Many of the country 's aristocratic leaders believed that they had a duty to help improve the condition of the working man .
many of the country 's aristocratic leaders believed that they had a duty to help improve the [state] of the working man .

Dicey himself argued that it comprised `` at least three distinct though kindred conceptions `` : `` That no man is punishable or can be lawfully made to suffer in body or goods except for a distinct breach of law established in the ordinary legal manner before the ordinary courts of the land `` ; that `` no man is above the law [ and ] every man , whatever be his rank or condition , is subject to the ordinary law of the realm and amenable to the jurisdiction of the ordinary tribunals `` ; and that `` the general principles of the constitution [ are ] the result of judicial decisions determining the rights of private persons in particular cases brought before the courts . ``
dicey himself argued that it comprised `` at least three distinct though kindred conceptions `` : `` that no man is punishable or can be lawfully made to suffer in body or goods except for a distinct breach of law established in the ordinary legal manner before the ordinary courts of the land `` ; that `` no man is above the law [ and ] every man , whatever be his rank or [state] , is subject to the ordinary law of the realm and amenable to the jurisdiction of the ordinary tribunals `` ; and that `` the general principles of the constitution [ are ] the result of judicial decisions determining the rights of private persons in particular cases brought before the courts . ``

Such heterogeneity , or `` many-partedness ' , may be a necessary condition , but it is not sufficient .
such heterogeneity , or `` many-partedness ' , may be a necessary [state] , but it is not sufficient .

If Booth 's ( 1961 ) narratology helps to clarify the function of this rhetoric as an unconscious condition in which the reader 's judgements are controlled , it also helps us to understand the moral personality of the intrusive commentating voice : the tone of commentary at those moments in the argument when de Man speaks most unequivocally in his own voice .
if booth 's ( 1961 ) narratology helps to clarify the function of this rhetoric as an unconscious [state] in which the reader 's judgements are controlled , it also helps us to understand the moral personality of the intrusive commentating voice : the tone of commentary at those moments in the argument when de man speaks most unequivocally in his own voice .

For a while she behaved wisely or cunningly — by allowing her ministers to give formal recognition to the ways of the reformed church on condition that she herself was allowed to worship in the old way in the privacy of her own chapel at Holyrood .
for a while she behaved wisely or cunningly — by allowing her ministers to give formal recognition to the ways of the reformed church on [state] that she herself was allowed to worship in the old way in the privacy of her own chapel at holyrood .

At Felin Isaf , just outside Conwy is a unique water mill has been restored to its 1870 condition when operations were at their peak .
at felin isaf , just outside conwy is a unique water mill has been restored to its 1870 [state] when operations were at their peak .

The handsome summer plumage of chocolate-brown head and neck may be coming through on some adults already , but birds which are not in good condition may not attain full breeding plumage until late spring — if at all .
the handsome summer plumage of chocolate-brown head and neck may be coming through on some adults already , but birds which are not in good [state] may not attain full breeding plumage until late spring — if at all .

Nor can any reconstructed , facsimile wilderness ever approach the condition of nature as it was before human influence became dominant .
nor can any reconstructed , facsimile wilderness ever approach the [state] of nature as it was before human influence became dominant .

In his seminal study Wilderness and the American Mind , Roderick Nash makes the point that ‘ wilderness was a state of mind — a perceived rather than an actual condition of the environment .
in his seminal study wilderness and the american mind , roderick nash makes the point that ‘ wilderness was a state of mind — a perceived rather than an actual [state] of the environment .

’ To Wordsworth , who wrote some of the earliest and stoutest defence of the concept ( including a damning comparison between plantations and naturally sprung woods in the Lake District ) , it was a condition of the spirit as well as of the land .
’ to wordsworth , who wrote some of the earliest and stoutest defence of the concept ( including a damning comparison between plantations and naturally sprung woods in the lake district ) , it was a [state] of the spirit as well as of the land .

29:28 after the week 's festivities Rachel was given to Jacob , on condition he served another seven years for her .
29:28 after the week 's festivities rachel was given to jacob , on [state] he served another seven years for her .

This is permitted only on condition that they help in the conquest of Canaan before returning to a settled life .
this is permitted only on [state] that they help in the conquest of canaan before returning to a settled life .

Although he did not say so it was evident that he still regarded the Collector 's condition as serious ; the one hopeful sign was that his pulse had become fuller and less frequent .
although he did not say so it was evident that he still regarded the collector 's [state] as serious ; the one hopeful sign was that his pulse had become fuller and less frequent .

Dr McNab shrugged negligently and said : `` These symptoms are obviously the result of the diminished volume of the blood … Its thickened and tarry condition impedes its passage through the pulmonary capillaries and the pulmonary circulation in general .
dr mcnab shrugged negligently and said : `` these symptoms are obviously the result of the diminished volume of the blood … its thickened and tarry [state] impedes its passage through the pulmonary capillaries and the pulmonary circulation in general .

On this occasion , however , his calm appeared to have been ruffled by Dr Dunstaple 's words and he replied with a note of impatience in his voice : `` If any evidence were needed it would be enough to see what happens when a weak saline solution is injected into the veins of a patient in the condition of collapse .
on this occasion , however , his calm appeared to have been ruffled by dr dunstaple 's words and he replied with a note of impatience in his voice : `` if any evidence were needed it would be enough to see what happens when a weak saline solution is injected into the veins of a patient in the [state] of collapse .

But in spite of everything perhaps it was just as well that none of the things they could see … none of the plump fish or chickens being toasted on skewers , none of the creamy breads , chapatis , nan , and parathas , none of the richly bubbling curries and glistening mounds of rice , which the skeletons ' scarlet rimmed eyes could see in their lenses and at which they glared for hour after hour that none of these things were available , for in their starved and debilitated condition it was very likely that a heavy curry would have killed them as dead as a cannon ball .
but in spite of everything perhaps it was just as well that none of the things they could see … none of the plump fish or chickens being toasted on skewers , none of the creamy breads , chapatis , nan , and parathas , none of the richly bubbling curries and glistening mounds of rice , which the skeletons ' scarlet rimmed eyes could see in their lenses and at which they glared for hour after hour that none of these things were available , for in their starved and debilitated [state] it was very likely that a heavy curry would have killed them as dead as a cannon ball .

He was willing to submit these terms to arbitrators to vary as they thought fit , but only on condition that he was to retain full power and jurisdiction .
he was willing to submit these terms to arbitrators to vary as they thought fit , but only on [state] that he was to retain full power and jurisdiction .

Eventually at a conference held on the frontier between Gisors and Trie on 6 December 1183 Philip agreed to let Henry keep the Norman Vexin on condition that he paid Margaret an annual pension of 2700 livres and on the understanding that he granted it to whichever of his sons married Alice .
eventually at a conference held on the frontier between gisors and trie on 6 december 1183 philip agreed to let henry keep the norman vexin on [state] that he paid margaret an annual pension of 2700 livres and on the understanding that he granted it to whichever of his sons married alice .

The rebels were forced to sue for peace — and they received it , but only on condition that they too took the cross .
the rebels were forced to sue for peace — and they received it , but only on [state] that they too took the cross .

Philip consistently offered to return his conquests in Berry on condition that Richard 's conquests in Toulouse were handed back to count Raymond .
philip consistently offered to return his conquests in berry on [state] that richard 's conquests in toulouse were handed back to count raymond .

To trace the invertebrate lines back to their origins , we must find another site where rocks were not only deposited continuously throughout this critical period , but have survived in a relatively undistorted condition .
to trace the invertebrate lines back to their origins , we must find another site where rocks were not only deposited continuously throughout this critical period , but have survived in a relatively undistorted [state] .

One produces a flower that closely resembles the form of a female wasp complete with eyes , antennae and wings and even gives off the odour of a female wasp in mating condition .
one produces a flower that closely resembles the form of a female wasp complete with eyes , antennae and wings and even gives off the odour of a female wasp in mating [state] .

Was it a creature like a sea squirt which gave rise to the more mobile lancelet-like form by producing descendants that abandoned the stationary condition and reproduced during the hitherto larval stage ?
was it a creature like a sea squirt which gave rise to the more mobile lancelet-like form by producing descendants that abandoned the stationary [state] and reproduced during the hitherto larval stage ?

It always breeds in a larval condition , its external gills growing into great branching bushes on either side of its neck .
it always breeds in a larval [state] , its external gills growing into great branching bushes on either side of its neck .

When children hear both terms in the same instruction or in the same condition , they do not treat more and less as synonymous .
when children hear both terms in the same instruction or in the same [state] , they do not treat more and less as synonymous .

’ Similarly , when Wannemacher and Ryan ( 1978 ) in one condition asked three-to five-year-olds to identify rods with either more or less beads than a standard , the children did well on both more and less : 98 per cent and 95 per cent correct .
’ similarly , when wannemacher and ryan ( 1978 ) in one [state] asked three-to five-year-olds to identify rods with either more or less beads than a standard , the children did well on both more and less : 98 per cent and 95 per cent correct .

Bullock and Gelman also included a condition in which temporal priority conflicted with spatial proximity as a basis for judging which event was the cause .
bullock and gelman also included a [state] in which temporal priority conflicted with spatial proximity as a basis for judging which event was the cause .

In the temporal priority condition , one of the blocks moved before the other block , but the string which connected the two blocks was screened from the children 's view .
in the temporal priority [state] , one of the blocks moved before the other block , but the string which connected the two blocks was screened from the children 's view .

The converse situation applied in the generative transmission condition : the two blocks moved simultaneously ( so there was no information about temporal priority ) but the children could see the string connecting the two blocks ( so there was information about how the cause generated the effect ) .
the converse situation applied in the generative transmission [state] : the two blocks moved simultaneously ( so there was no information about temporal priority ) but the children could see the string connecting the two blocks ( so there was information about how the cause generated the effect ) .

The fact that he also became unwell after meeting strangers emphasizes the partly nervous origin of his condition : it suggests a peculiar mixture of shyness and aversion , the misanthropy of a nervous man .
the fact that he also became unwell after meeting strangers emphasizes the partly nervous origin of his [state] : it suggests a peculiar mixture of shyness and aversion , the misanthropy of a nervous man .

His depression had been caused at first by what he considered to be the disturbing condition of the victors after the war : he was uneasy about the foreign policy of both England and the United States , as well as about the intentions of Russia .
his depression had been caused at first by what he considered to be the disturbing [state] of the victors after the war : he was uneasy about the foreign policy of both england and the united states , as well as about the intentions of russia .

Of course Hayward 's physical condition was such that he could no longer live alone — he had spent the war years as a guest of the Rothschilds in Cambridge and there must have been an element of sympathy or even pity in Eliot 's invitation to him ; the presence of old-fashioned Yankee rectitude in his character , and the quiet acceptance of `` duty `` in his role as Hayward 's companion and helper , can not be ignored .
of course hayward 's physical [state] was such that he could no longer live alone — he had spent the war years as a guest of the rothschilds in cambridge and there must have been an element of sympathy or even pity in eliot 's invitation to him ; the presence of old-fashioned yankee rectitude in his character , and the quiet acceptance of `` duty `` in his role as hayward 's companion and helper , can not be ignored .

Henry Eliot 's condition had worsened , with a bout of pneumonia on top of his leukaemia , and in anticipation of another visit to America Eliot was trying to book his passage for spring 1947 , although he was ready to fly out at once if there was a sudden crisis .
henry eliot 's [state] had worsened , with a bout of pneumonia on top of his leukaemia , and in anticipation of another visit to america eliot was trying to book his passage for spring 1947 , although he was ready to fly out at once if there was a sudden crisis .

The Nobel had afforded only a temporary alleviation of this condition : indeed , the abbreviated stay in Princeton , the rush back to England , and the trip to Stockholm made him feel worse rather than better .
the nobel had afforded only a temporary alleviation of this [state] : indeed , the abbreviated stay in princeton , the rush back to england , and the trip to stockholm made him feel worse rather than better .

He underwrote a loss of £1,500 on Ronald Duncan 's play , Stratton , but only on condition that Duncan was not told .
he underwrote a loss of £1,500 on ronald duncan 's play , stratton , but only on [state] that duncan was not told .

Such solitariness was a condition and not a mood , however ; it lay beneath those moments of inexplicable high spirits when Eliot seemed , as Sherek put it , `` as gay as a cricket `` , just as it could be combined with apparent activity and `` busyness `` in the world .
such solitariness was a [state] and not a mood , however ; it lay beneath those moments of inexplicable high spirits when eliot seemed , as sherek put it , `` as gay as a cricket `` , just as it could be combined with apparent activity and `` busyness `` in the world .

Five doctors said that his condition was now so serious that he would not last the night : he was rushed to hospital , paralysed on his left side and in a deep coma .
five doctors said that his [state] was now so serious that he would not last the night : he was rushed to hospital , paralysed on his left side and in a deep coma .

Otherwise his physical condition held up remarkably well .
otherwise his physical [state] held up remarkably well .

Little Graham Harrison has a rare skin condition which has baffled doctors and makes life a constant struggle for him and his parents .
little graham harrison has a rare skin [state] which has baffled doctors and makes life a constant struggle for him and his parents .

It seems an odd word until you discover that this little boy was born with a devastating skin condition which is baffling the medical world and making his young life a misery .
it seems an odd word until you discover that this little boy was born with a devastating skin [state] which is baffling the medical world and making his young life a misery .

Yet no one , it seems , can discover what lies behind Graham 's complaint — a condition which is all the more curious because on the surface his skin , while rather pale , seems quite normal .
yet no one , it seems , can discover what lies behind graham 's complaint — a [state] which is all the more curious because on the surface his skin , while rather pale , seems quite normal .

During his second visit to Great Ormond Street , he was put on a two-week exclusion diet to see if a food allergy might the cause of his condition .
during his second visit to great ormond street , he was put on a two-week exclusion diet to see if a food allergy might the cause of his [state] .

‘ We 've been unable to give a name to Graham 's condition because we 're mystified by it , ’ he says .
‘ we 've been unable to give a name to graham 's [state] because we 're mystified by it , ’ he says .

In cases of childhood eczema for example , the child often grows out of the condition .
in cases of childhood eczema for example , the child often grows out of the [state] .

Athlete 's foot is a painful and uncomfortable condition , so wear cotton socks , fabric shoes , or open sandals .
athlete 's foot is a painful and uncomfortable [state] , so wear cotton socks , fabric shoes , or open sandals .

It 's quite a common condition , mostly affecting people under the age of about 30 , both sexes equally , and obviously can be very distressing .
it 's quite a common [state] , mostly affecting people under the age of about 30 , both sexes equally , and obviously can be very distressing .

Enlightened self-interest is , for those of us who are not saints , the necessary condition of social behaviour .
enlightened self-interest is , for those of us who are not saints , the necessary [state] of social behaviour .

For him , it resided in the philosophy of history he derived , although in an amended form , from Hegel , and which sees history as a dialectical process ; that is , one of perpetual conflict between polarised opposites leading as by a law of nature from a less to a more perfect condition — in short , a trial : thesis , antithesis and synthesis .
for him , it resided in the philosophy of history he derived , although in an amended form , from hegel , and which sees history as a dialectical process ; that is , one of perpetual conflict between polarised opposites leading as by a law of nature from a less to a more perfect [state] — in short , a trial : thesis , antithesis and synthesis .

On the contrary , the conclusion is that co-operation between mutually dependant classes is the long-term condition of the survival of stratified societies .
on the contrary , the conclusion is that co-operation between mutually dependant classes is the long-term [state] of the survival of stratified societies .

The condition to which this particular symptom relates is the collapse of morale , the ingredient which is three-quarters of the game .
the [state] to which this particular symptom relates is the collapse of morale , the ingredient which is three-quarters of the game .

It is not self-evident that membership of a trade union should be a condition of participation in industrial democracy ; nor enough for the majority Report to assert , simply as a statement of belief , that ‘ if employees wish to be represented on the board , they must be prepared to organise ’ — that is , to join trade unions — ‘ to make representation on the board effective ’ .
it is not self-evident that membership of a trade union should be a [state] of participation in industrial democracy ; nor enough for the majority report to assert , simply as a statement of belief , that ‘ if employees wish to be represented on the board , they must be prepared to organise ’ — that is , to join trade unions — ‘ to make representation on the board effective ’ .

It is not a condition that the third State be specified by name provided it is clear from the context or surrounding circumstances what State is intended , or that a group or class of States is intended of which the claiming State is a member .
it is not a [state] that the third state be specified by name provided it is clear from the context or surrounding circumstances what state is intended , or that a group or class of states is intended of which the claiming state is a member .

The majority opinion emphasises the subjective condition that the General Assembly must be satisfied of the need for the wider powers , but does not make the power of granting oral hearings rest upon the precondition of failure of its duties by South Africa .
the majority opinion emphasises the subjective [state] that the general assembly must be satisfied of the need for the wider powers , but does not make the power of granting oral hearings rest upon the precondition of failure of its duties by south africa .

If elected this year , the party intends to increase the funding to the Crafts Council , but on the condition that the council works with regional authorities to improve retail outlets and also widens its database , and co-ordinates with the Arts and Design councils .
if elected this year , the party intends to increase the funding to the crafts council , but on the [state] that the council works with regional authorities to improve retail outlets and also widens its database , and co-ordinates with the arts and design councils .

Most builders are conscious of the value of old fireplaces , bricks , chimney pots and doors that are in reasonably good condition .
most builders are conscious of the value of old fireplaces , bricks , chimney pots and doors that are in reasonably good [state] .

The menopausal condition exists , of course , only in women .
the menopausal [state] exists , of course , only in women .

( Occasional instances are known in which more than one spermatozoon has penetrated an ovum , but its condition is then non-viable . )
( occasional instances are known in which more than one spermatozoon has penetrated an ovum , but its [state] is then non-viable . )

This is partly due to an increase in the amount of blood circulating in her body ( it may be noted that the number of red corpuscles does not increase — hence the condition of very mild anaemia which usually develops ) .
this is partly due to an increase in the amount of blood circulating in her body ( it may be noted that the number of red corpuscles does not increase — hence the [state] of very mild anaemia which usually develops ) .

Thus , a condition or situation which is highly deprivatory in this respect for one man or woman under certain circumstances may seem of minor consequence for another person or against a different circumstantial background .
thus , a [state] or situation which is highly deprivatory in this respect for one man or woman under certain circumstances may seem of minor consequence for another person or against a different circumstantial background .

Male dysfunction due to fear or anxiety about such a condition is much more likely to be responsible ; and female dysfunction or dissatisfaction is often mistakenly thought to be due to it when the true causes lie elsewhere .
male dysfunction due to fear or anxiety about such a [state] is much more likely to be responsible ; and female dysfunction or dissatisfaction is often mistakenly thought to be due to it when the true causes lie elsewhere .

The condition is not to be taken lightly .
the [state] is not to be taken lightly .

If not , the condition can often be rectified by psychotherapy ; and the same applies , of course , where shame or distress are caused to the person affected .
if not , the [state] can often be rectified by psychotherapy ; and the same applies , of course , where shame or distress are caused to the person affected .

The condition behind the deviation is often rectifiable by counselling or psychotherapy .
the [state] behind the deviation is often rectifiable by counselling or psychotherapy .

This condition shall be accepted by the Corporation bona fide .
this [state] shall be accepted by the corporation bona fide .

During 1864 the Schools Inquiry Commission , set up by Parliament to examine and report on the condition of the ancient foundations , visited the School .
during 1864 the schools inquiry commission , set up by parliament to examine and report on the [state] of the ancient foundations , visited the school .

The Minutes of the meeting on 20th June record , in characteristically brief fashion : `` The state of the finances was under discussion for some time … `` , but there was no doubt about `` the serious financial condition of the establishment `` .
the minutes of the meeting on 20th june record , in characteristically brief fashion : `` the state of the finances was under discussion for some time … `` , but there was no doubt about `` the serious financial [state] of the establishment `` .

For instance , the Borough Surveyor wrote to ask for repairs to be made to the wall between the School and Greek Street : he was politely but firmly informed that the wall was not dangerous , `` having been in that condition for twenty years `` !
for instance , the borough surveyor wrote to ask for repairs to be made to the wall between the school and greek street : he was politely but firmly informed that the wall was not dangerous , `` having been in that [state] for twenty years `` !

Bradshaw , `` to improve the bearing and physical condition of the boys `` , and soon fifty pupils had joined the School Cricket Club , practising regularly on Stockport Cricket Club 's ground .
bradshaw , `` to improve the bearing and physical [state] of the boys `` , and soon fifty pupils had joined the school cricket club , practising regularly on stockport cricket club 's ground .

On condition that you take the Gristy girl in and give her a home . ``
on [state] that you take the gristy girl in and give her a home . ``

For suppose we have a Jordan block as in the theorem , with , and we apply the most general transformation ; we obtain This can not be real and symmetric : it requires c = d = 0 , which violates the condition .
for suppose we have a jordan block as in the theorem , with , and we apply the most general transformation ; we obtain this can not be real and symmetric : it requires c = d = 0 , which violates the [state] .

With r = 0 , Equation ( 2.7.1.5 ) becomes Hence if we choose co to make k1 zero , it will contain no contribution from x1 , and , as r increases sufficiently to a value s , ( 2.7.1.5 ) will tend to The condition means that we can express one element of co in terms of the remaining n — 1 .
with r = 0 , equation ( 2.7.1.5 ) becomes hence if we choose co to make k1 zero , it will contain no contribution from x1 , and , as r increases sufficiently to a value s , ( 2.7.1.5 ) will tend to the [state] means that we can express one element of co in terms of the remaining n — 1 .

Prominence , which is the basis for our sense of the particularity of a style , also provides the condition for recognition that a style is being used for a particular literary end : that it has a `` value in the game `` .
prominence , which is the basis for our sense of the particularity of a style , also provides the [state] for recognition that a style is being used for a particular literary end : that it has a `` value in the game `` .

But there is an additional condition : we should be able to see a prominent feature of style as forming a significant relationship with other features of style , in an artistically coherent pattern of choice .
but there is an additional [state] : we should be able to see a prominent feature of style as forming a significant relationship with other features of style , in an artistically coherent pattern of choice .

Many tutor-librarians were also required , as a condition of appointment to teacher-scales , to teach a minimum number of hours in the Liberal Studies programme , and this often included the teaching of subjects not essentially part of the librarian 's speciality .
many tutor-librarians were also required , as a [state] of appointment to teacher-scales , to teach a minimum number of hours in the liberal studies programme , and this often included the teaching of subjects not essentially part of the librarian 's speciality .

Shortly after the Second World War the typical advice given concerning this condition was : `` Acute coronary thrombosis must be regarded more seriously than most cardiac conditions , a rest in bed for weeks or months , with a minimum of 4 weeks , should be prescribed in order to assure as sound a healing of the myocardial infarct as possible . ``
shortly after the second world war the typical advice given concerning this [state] was : `` acute coronary thrombosis must be regarded more seriously than most cardiac conditions , a rest in bed for weeks or months , with a minimum of 4 weeks , should be prescribed in order to assure as sound a healing of the myocardial infarct as possible . ``

Individual chats by the coronary nurse and by the physiotherapists in the coronary unit can be supplemented by educational videos , so that the patients can begin to understand more about the nature of the condition .
individual chats by the coronary nurse and by the physiotherapists in the coronary unit can be supplemented by educational videos , so that the patients can begin to understand more about the nature of the [state] .

The party was in a mutinous condition in November 1911 and there was no apparent successor who would have even half of Balfour 's political gifts .
the party was in a mutinous [state] in november 1911 and there was no apparent successor who would have even half of balfour 's political gifts .

His fur shone and his claws and teeth were in perfect condition .
his fur shone and his claws and teeth were in perfect [state] .

He was shocked at the condition of the working class employed in the cotton manufacturing industry in Manchester and became a leading reformer and campaigner for better working and living conditions .
he was shocked at the [state] of the working class employed in the cotton manufacturing industry in manchester and became a leading reformer and campaigner for better working and living conditions .

It turns out that this is the better way to think about Planck 's condition .
it turns out that this is the better way to think about planck 's [state] .

Bohr 's work was full of special pleading : the use of circular orbits , the ad hoc imposition of the quantum condition for angular momentum .
bohr 's work was full of special pleading : the use of circular orbits , the ad hoc imposition of the quantum [state] for angular momentum .

The mathematicians guarantee that all will be well provided we restrict ourselves to operators which satisfy the condition which they call being hermitean .
the mathematicians guarantee that all will be well provided we restrict ourselves to operators which satisfy the [state] which they call being hermitean .

All this can be put on a quantitative basis and doing so results in the celebrated condition written that is , the product of the uncertainties in position and momentum is always at least of the order of magnitude of Planck 's constant .
all this can be put on a quantitative basis and doing so results in the celebrated [state] written that is , the product of the uncertainties in position and momentum is always at least of the order of magnitude of planck 's constant .

According to Planck 's condition ( p. 6 ) a single photon of frequency v carries energy hv .
according to planck 's [state] ( p. 6 ) a single photon of frequency v carries energy hv .

Within this context , education was to be given priority as the chief means `` for promoting in social life that equality of condition with which men now faced death on the battlefield . ``
within this context , education was to be given priority as the chief means `` for promoting in social life that equality of [state] with which men now faced death on the battlefield . ``

For Leavis , Cambridge English offers a way forward for the discipline as a whole by virtue of its emancipation from `` linguistic grinds `` and Anglo-Saxon , but only on condition that it now becomes infused by a `` general discipline `` addressed to the growth of `` intelligence and sensibility `` .
for leavis , cambridge english offers a way forward for the discipline as a whole by virtue of its emancipation from `` linguistic grinds `` and anglo-saxon , but only on [state] that it now becomes infused by a `` general discipline `` addressed to the growth of `` intelligence and sensibility `` .

English was , as it were , placed fully in the hands of the critic rather than the author , and the author would henceforth be admitted to the pantheon only on condition of a complete and `` first-hand `` revaluation .
english was , as it were , placed fully in the hands of the critic rather than the author , and the author would henceforth be admitted to the pantheon only on [state] of a complete and `` first-hand `` revaluation .

Helen Gardner , writing in 1959 , is more concerned about the continued professionalization of English which has now rendered it a subject closed to all but experts , a condition for which the `` new `` as much as the `` historical `` critics must be blamed .
helen gardner , writing in 1959 , is more concerned about the continued professionalization of english which has now rendered it a subject closed to all but experts , a [state] for which the `` new `` as much as the `` historical `` critics must be blamed .

This appointment brought to an end five months of unprecedented coverage in the media of the condition of English studies .
this appointment brought to an end five months of unprecedented coverage in the media of the [state] of english studies .

These two concepts are interlinked and condition each other : if you question one you question the other .
these two concepts are interlinked and [state] each other : if you question one you question the other .

The worsening condition is evident in the poor life expectancy and literacy statistics in Pakistan .
the worsening [state] is evident in the poor life expectancy and literacy statistics in pakistan .

In general the condition of the work was found to be extremely good .
in general the [state] of the work was found to be extremely good .

The condition of its wooden structure is a tribute to the sixteenth-century carpenters , and despite disintegration through fungal and insect activity owing to the lack of proper ventilation , the quality and perfect seasoning of the woods used has permitted its survival .
the [state] of its wooden structure is a tribute to the sixteenth-century carpenters , and despite disintegration through fungal and insect activity owing to the lack of proper ventilation , the quality and perfect seasoning of the woods used has permitted its survival .

However , many churches are in a very poor structural condition , and many are lacking essential equipment such as pews and hymn books .
however , many churches are in a very poor structural [state] , and many are lacking essential equipment such as pews and hymn books .

Also , more rarely , the wall of a vessel while in a plastic condition was gently pushed into the mould held against the surface .
also , more rarely , the wall of a vessel while in a plastic [state] was gently pushed into the mould held against the surface .

The hero-god accepted the challenge on condition that he could have the girl if he rescued her , and ordered the couple to build eight large vats and fill them with rice-beer , so that when the monster arrived all eight heads could drink at once .
the hero-god accepted the challenge on [state] that he could have the girl if he rescued her , and ordered the couple to build eight large vats and fill them with rice-beer , so that when the monster arrived all eight heads could drink at once .

Hamlet re-visited , or Art aspiring to the condition of group therapy for the chattering classes ?
hamlet re-visited , or art aspiring to the [state] of group therapy for the chattering classes ?

Undoubtedly the most important group of works by the artist to appear at auction for many years , the canvases are said to be in extremely good condition .
undoubtedly the most important group of works by the artist to appear at auction for many years , the canvases are said to be in extremely good [state] .

Measuring 64 x 80 cm , ‘ Jardin à Auvers ’ is in perfect condition , an extremely strong composition with sweeping curved lines , devoid of sky and using an almost pointilliste technique .
measuring 64 x 80 cm , ‘ jardin à auvers ’ is in perfect [state] , an extremely strong composition with sweeping curved lines , devoid of sky and using an almost pointilliste technique .

‘ Sometimes we get the feeling that Christians do n't want to get involved in the world unless they are in control of it , ’ said Fr Mangunwijaya , who led a discussion on ‘ The church under the present condition of a diaspora situation ’ .
‘ sometimes we get the feeling that christians do n't want to get involved in the world unless they are in control of it , ’ said fr mangunwijaya , who led a discussion on ‘ the church under the present [state] of a diaspora situation ’ .

We realise that political instability is tearing our continent apart and that everlasting peace , which is a condition for development , can only be founded on the enjoyment of , and observance and respect for , human rights .
we realise that political instability is tearing our continent apart and that everlasting peace , which is a [state] for development , can only be founded on the enjoyment of , and observance and respect for , human rights .

Nowhere is this more obvious than in the ideological distinction between real crimes and regulatory crimes , whereby law-school curricula can be restricted to a limited number of crimes calling for proof of a mental element as a condition of conviction .
nowhere is this more obvious than in the ideological distinction between real crimes and regulatory crimes , whereby law-school curricula can be restricted to a limited number of crimes calling for proof of a mental element as a [state] of conviction .

The City Council of Amsterdam has recently ordered the forensic laboratories in Rijswijk to conduct a second test to answer specific questions with regard to the condition of the canvas and the reversibility of the restoration .
the city council of amsterdam has recently ordered the forensic laboratories in rijswijk to conduct a second test to answer specific questions with regard to the [state] of the canvas and the reversibility of the restoration .

‘ We discussed the power of the media and the way in which they condition people 's ways of thinking , their idea of reality and their values . ’
‘ we discussed the power of the media and the way in which they [state] people 's ways of thinking , their idea of reality and their values . ’

Many of them were frayed and not in very good condition .
many of them were frayed and not in very good [state] .

This was useful information for any lord and it is indicative of the confused and turbulent state of south-west France that the Plantagenet regime had not recorded its tenurial condition before 1273 .
this was useful information for any lord and it is indicative of the confused and turbulent state of south-west france that the plantagenet regime had not recorded its tenurial [state] before 1273 .

Among the factors which may have contributed to the disorderly condition of the Gascon nobility was the slackening of the crusading effort against the infidel .
among the factors which may have contributed to the disorderly [state] of the gascon nobility was the slackening of the crusading effort against the infidel .

In the same family since 1953 , the painting was in pristine condition , and sold easily within estimates .
in the same family since 1953 , the painting was in pristine [state] , and sold easily within estimates .

The fact that Mondrian had painted over the back of the canvas had helped keep the painting in particularly fine condition .
the fact that mondrian had painted over the back of the canvas had helped keep the painting in particularly fine [state] .

The arts world has almost grown accustomed to the hand-to-mouth condition in which it is kept , but what it has not become resigned to over the long period of Tory rule is the positive hostility to its aims and values .
the arts world has almost grown accustomed to the hand-to-mouth [state] in which it is kept , but what it has not become resigned to over the long period of tory rule is the positive hostility to its aims and values .

The European Commission did accept support measures in Denmark and Greece , for example , on condition that these did not include nationality requirements ( discrimination on grounds of nationality is in any case forbidden by Article 7 of the Treaty ) .
the european commission did accept support measures in denmark and greece , for example , on [state] that these did not include nationality requirements ( discrimination on grounds of nationality is in any case forbidden by article 7 of the treaty ) .

There may be a limited exemption for non-profit-making bodies and foundations , provided that the data is used only ‘ as part of their legitimate aims ’ and ‘ on condition that they relate only those members and corresponding members who have consented to being included therein and that they are not communicated to third parties ’ .
there may be a limited exemption for non-profit-making bodies and foundations , provided that the data is used only ‘ as part of their legitimate aims ’ and ‘ on [state] that they relate only those members and corresponding members who have consented to being included therein and that they are not communicated to third parties ’ .

Of course , it is different if we intervene solely to restore the material condition of a work of art after it has been damaged by external forces such as an accident or vandalism .
of course , it is different if we intervene solely to restore the material [state] of a work of art after it has been damaged by external forces such as an accident or vandalism .

Professor Baldassare Conticello , the Soprintendente , estimates that at this rate it will take two generations before the whole of Pompeii is once more in a stable condition .
professor baldassare conticello , the soprintendente , estimates that at this rate it will take two generations before the whole of pompeii is once more in a stable [state] .

The only drawback , in a subject where condition is paramount , is that a number have suffered from over-zealous cleaning by the resident armourers .
the only drawback , in a subject where [state] is paramount , is that a number have suffered from over-zealous cleaning by the resident armourers .

Throughout last year the salerooms saw an increase in educated private buyers checking on condition and provenance , and shunning paintings consigned by the trade .
throughout last year the salerooms saw an increase in educated private buyers checking on [state] and provenance , and shunning paintings consigned by the trade .

The houses date mostly from the 1910–20 era , and are in poor condition .
the houses date mostly from the 1910–20 era , and are in poor [state] .

Public visibility is achieved when the clothes hang in the garden , and the advertising image adds the alluring finishing touches to this picture with cloudless skies , matched only by the cloudless smile on the housewife 's face and the unbelievably perfect condition of the white garments on which her attention is perfectly focused .
public visibility is achieved when the clothes hang in the garden , and the advertising image adds the alluring finishing touches to this picture with cloudless skies , matched only by the cloudless smile on the housewife 's face and the unbelievably perfect [state] of the white garments on which her attention is perfectly focused .

The division into ‘ rural ’ and ‘ urban ’ studies suggests that housewor k hours are longer under urban condition s .
the division into ‘ rural ’ and ‘ urban ’ studies suggests that housewor k hours are longer under urban [state] s .

This is defined as a condition in which the responsibility for housework is felt as a feminine , and therefore a personal attribute , normally as a result of a childhood identification with the mother as role model .
this is defined as a [state] in which the responsibility for housework is felt as a feminine , and therefore a personal attribute , normally as a result of a childhood identification with the mother as role model .

The conclusion was that ‘ children display a good deal of social learning of an incidental imitative sort , and that nurturance is one condition facilitating such imitative learning ’ .
the conclusion was that ‘ children display a good deal of social learning of an incidental imitative sort , and that nurturance is one [state] facilitating such imitative learning ’ .

According to the classical definition , identification is the major process leading to internalization , and internalization is ‘ a condition of incorporation of norms and/or roles into one 's own personality , with a corresponding obligation to act accordingly or suffer guilt ’ .
according to the classical definition , identification is the major process leading to internalization , and internalization is ‘ a [state] of incorporation of norms and/or roles into one 's own personality , with a corresponding obligation to act accordingly or suffer guilt ’ .

‘ We discussed the power of the media and the way in which they condition people 's ways of thinking , their idea of reality and their values . ’
‘ we discussed the power of the media and the way in which they [state] people 's ways of thinking , their idea of reality and their values . ’

Israel was eventually persuaded to withdraw its tanks to new , secure positions , well back from the Sinai , thus allowing Egypt to achieve some part of its principal aims — on condition that Egypt , for its part , formally recognized the State of Israel and respected the new border , thus allowing Israel to secure some part of its own principal aims .
israel was eventually persuaded to withdraw its tanks to new , secure positions , well back from the sinai , thus allowing egypt to achieve some part of its principal aims — on [state] that egypt , for its part , formally recognized the state of israel and respected the new border , thus allowing israel to secure some part of its own principal aims .

This is achieved by carefully examining its structure and design , which usually change to some degree with time , and taking into account its general condition and appearance .
this is achieved by carefully examining its structure and design , which usually change to some degree with time , and taking into account its general [state] and appearance .

The condition and appearance of a rug can be affected by a number of factors other than age , and it is dangerous to jump to the conclusion that something is necessarily old because it is worn and in a poor state of repair .
the [state] and appearance of a rug can be affected by a number of factors other than age , and it is dangerous to jump to the conclusion that something is necessarily old because it is worn and in a poor state of repair .

The cost function must satisfy the condition that : Therefore , to minimize industry costs with two firms , and with this cost structure , they must each produce half .
the cost function must satisfy the [state] that : therefore , to minimize industry costs with two firms , and with this cost structure , they must each produce half .

In discussing the single-product case , we found that subadditivity at the relevant output , the necessary and sufficient condition for natural monopoly , was not related in any close way to features of the cost function .
in discussing the single-product case , we found that subadditivity at the relevant output , the necessary and sufficient [state] for natural monopoly , was not related in any close way to features of the cost function .

Because economies of scale are a sufficient ( not necessary ) condition for subadditivity in the single-product case , it might be thought they are sufficient also in the multiproduct case .
because economies of scale are a sufficient ( not necessary ) [state] for subadditivity in the single-product case , it might be thought they are sufficient also in the multiproduct case .

Intuitively , this condition succeeds where the `` economies of scale plus economies of scope `` one did not because the comparison is between relevant interior points .
intuitively , this [state] succeeds where the `` economies of scale plus economies of scope `` one did not because the comparison is between relevant interior points .

Since this second sufficient condition turns out to be of some importance , it might be useful to have an intuitive idea of what is involved .
since this second sufficient [state] turns out to be of some importance , it might be useful to have an intuitive idea of what is involved .

Smirlock and Marshall ( 1983 ) take the view that each set of constraints excepting the product market is in principle a sufficient condition for efficient performance : `` If any of these mechanisms [ competition among managers , owners design and monitoring of incentive schemes , capital markets ] … were to operate perfectly ( and costlessly ) , then , regardless of the output market environment , profit maximisation would be coincident with utility maximisation by managers ( p. 168 ) .
smirlock and marshall ( 1983 ) take the view that each set of constraints excepting the product market is in principle a sufficient [state] for efficient performance : `` if any of these mechanisms [ competition among managers , owners design and monitoring of incentive schemes , capital markets ] … were to operate perfectly ( and costlessly ) , then , regardless of the output market environment , profit maximisation would be coincident with utility maximisation by managers ( p. 168 ) .

This algorithm assumes that for each sentence position only one of the candidates is correct ( this condition generally holds , except in cases where the correct word is missing from the list of candidates ) .
this algorithm assumes that for each sentence position only one of the candidates is correct ( this [state] generally holds , except in cases where the correct word is missing from the list of candidates ) .

Under the New Poor Law practice , unmarried mothers were always more likely to be sent to the workhouse than granted outdoor relief , and once there were left in no doubt of their shameful condition .
under the new poor law practice , unmarried mothers were always more likely to be sent to the workhouse than granted outdoor relief , and once there were left in no doubt of their shameful [state] .

The implication of this is that the traditional view of the collapse of the working-class family under the impact of industrialisation , as Engels , for instance , suggested in The Condition of the Working Class in England , is misleading .
the implication of this is that the traditional view of the collapse of the working-class family under the impact of industrialisation , as engels , for instance , suggested in the [state] of the working class in england , is misleading .

had the future of their country and their children to consider , and it was their duty as men and husbands to use their utmost efforts to bring about a condition of things , where their wives would be in their proper sphere at home , instead of being dragged into competition for livelihood against the great and strong men of the world .
had the future of their country and their children to consider , and it was their duty as men and husbands to use their utmost efforts to bring about a [state] of things , where their wives would be in their proper sphere at home , instead of being dragged into competition for livelihood against the great and strong men of the world .

According to Booth 8.4 per cent of the people of London lived in the worst condition of being ‘ at all times more or less in want ’ , ‘ ill-nourished and poorly clad ’ .
according to booth 8.4 per cent of the people of london lived in the worst [state] of being ‘ at all times more or less in want ’ , ‘ ill-nourished and poorly clad ’ .

Poverty had always been , and remained , the normal condition of a substantial proportion of the population in all known societies .
poverty had always been , and remained , the normal [state] of a substantial proportion of the population in all known societies .

The averages reflect a continuing social polarization , as one section of the population prospered and the condition of the low-paid and irregularly employed altered little .
the averages reflect a continuing social polarization , as one section of the population prospered and the [state] of the low-paid and irregularly employed altered little .

Social justice , according to Belloc , could be attained only by destroying the concentration of power and wealth in the hands of a few , which bred inevitable contradictions between the values of self-respect and self-help preached in capitalist society and the material condition of the mass of the population which rendered it impossible for them to practice such principles .
social justice , according to belloc , could be attained only by destroying the concentration of power and wealth in the hands of a few , which bred inevitable contradictions between the values of self-respect and self-help preached in capitalist society and the material [state] of the mass of the population which rendered it impossible for them to practice such principles .

But probably more important than works of social research or political theory in spreading belief in the need for some degree of state action , was both concern about the condition of the economy and the impact of the Boer War of 1899–1902 .
but probably more important than works of social research or political theory in spreading belief in the need for some degree of state action , was both concern about the [state] of the economy and the impact of the boer war of 1899–1902 .

This was perhaps partly due to distaste for all things Germanic but more to the greater strength of indigenous theories and to the much greater influence upon policy and administration of medical men , already strongly committed to the belief that the cleansing and improvement of the environment could substantially improve the condition and habits of the poor .
this was perhaps partly due to distaste for all things germanic but more to the greater strength of indigenous theories and to the much greater influence upon policy and administration of medical men , already strongly committed to the belief that the cleansing and improvement of the environment could substantially improve the [state] and habits of the poor .

Attention focused initially upon improving the condition of potential rather than actual members of the labour force and the armed services ; on proposals and measures to diminish the infant mortality rate and to ensure that the surviving children grew up well fed and well cared for .
attention focused initially upon improving the [state] of potential rather than actual members of the labour force and the armed services ; on proposals and measures to diminish the infant mortality rate and to ensure that the surviving children grew up well fed and well cared for .

Many , however , came to accept it in the context of their hopes for future labour success : capitalist bureaucracy was undesirable , but when labour came to dominate Parliament , the bureaucracy would act in sympathy with the needs and condition of the working class and would no longer be regarded as an alien intrusion .
many , however , came to accept it in the context of their hopes for future labour success : capitalist bureaucracy was undesirable , but when labour came to dominate parliament , the bureaucracy would act in sympathy with the needs and [state] of the working class and would no longer be regarded as an alien intrusion .

As regards other aspects of social policy , the government was under pressure to introduce measures to improve the physical condition of the working class .
as regards other aspects of social policy , the government was under pressure to introduce measures to improve the physical [state] of the working class .

Its title , significantly , assumed the deterioration of the physical condition of the population from some presumed superior state in the past , of whose existence no proof existed .
its title , significantly , assumed the deterioration of the physical [state] of the population from some presumed superior state in the past , of whose existence no proof existed .

The Education ( Administrative Provisions ) Act 1907 included , buried among a number of routine administrative changes in the education service , a clause requiring local education authorities to ‘ provide for the medical inspection of schoolchildren ’ and ‘ to make such arrangements as may be sanctioned by the Board of Education for attending to the health and physical condition of children educated in public elementary schools ’ .
the education ( administrative provisions ) act 1907 included , buried among a number of routine administrative changes in the education service , a clause requiring local education authorities to ‘ provide for the medical inspection of schoolchildren ’ and ‘ to make such arrangements as may be sanctioned by the board of education for attending to the health and physical [state] of children educated in public elementary schools ’ .

To help us to help you , there are a few steps you can take to make sure letters arrive on time and in the condition you sent them .
to help us to help you , there are a few steps you can take to make sure letters arrive on time and in the [state] you sent them .

Your speed on the roundabout must be related to the roadholding and handling qualities of your car , the radius of the roundabout curves , the nature and condition of the road surface , your driving skills , and the volume of other traffic on or joining the roundabout .
your speed on the roundabout must be related to the roadholding and handling qualities of your car , the radius of the roundabout curves , the nature and [state] of the road surface , your driving skills , and the volume of other traffic on or joining the roundabout .

‘ so far as is reasonably practicable as regards any place of work under the employer 's control , the maintenance of it in a condition that is safe and without risks to health and the provision and maintenance of means of access to and egress from it that are safe and without such risks . ’
‘ so far as is reasonably practicable as regards any place of work under the employer 's control , the maintenance of it in a [state] that is safe and without risks to health and the provision and maintenance of means of access to and egress from it that are safe and without such risks . ’

You must declare and give details of any condition likely to affect your fitness as a driver .
you must declare and give details of any [state] likely to affect your fitness as a driver .

Masturbation — This is a bad habit … The great thing is to recognize the condition early … Untiring zeal on the part of the mother or nurse is the only cure ; it may be necessary to put the legs in splints before putting the child to bed .
masturbation — this is a bad habit … the great thing is to recognize the [state] early … untiring zeal on the part of the mother or nurse is the only cure ; it may be necessary to put the legs in splints before putting the child to bed .

To attribute any subsequent pathology in the child to that single event would be misleading , for it is but one link in a chain of traumata , any one of which — or , more likely , the sum total of all — may be responsible for the child 's condition .
to attribute any subsequent pathology in the child to that single event would be misleading , for it is but one link in a chain of traumata , any one of which — or , more likely , the sum total of all — may be responsible for the child 's [state] .

What follows from the normal range of experience depends very much on the effects produced by the child 's altered condition on the parents and , in turn , by the way in which their parental reaction impinges on the child .
what follows from the normal range of experience depends very much on the effects produced by the child 's altered [state] on the parents and , in turn , by the way in which their parental reaction impinges on the child .

Individuals who have inherited a single sickle gene are said to have sickle cell trait , whereby they generally do not present any clinical symptoms of the disease and may be unaware of their condition .
individuals who have inherited a single sickle gene are said to have sickle cell trait , whereby they generally do not present any clinical symptoms of the disease and may be unaware of their [state] .

The condition is characterised between crises by a chronic haemolytic state with jaundice and a relatively constant haemoglobin level of 7–8g/dl .
the [state] is characterised between crises by a chronic haemolytic state with jaundice and a relatively constant haemoglobin level of 7–8g/dl .

This condition is frequently mistaken for osteomyelitis .
this [state] is frequently mistaken for osteomyelitis .

This group of sufferers is likely to be more aware of the condition and its symptoms than affected young children .
this group of sufferers is likely to be more aware of the [state] and its symptoms than affected young children .

This should be reinforced by educating family and friends about the condition , and how crises can be prevented .
this should be reinforced by educating family and friends about the [state] , and how crises can be prevented .

Repeated small infarctions within the microcirculation of the spleen ultimately result in its destruction — a condition known as autosplenectomy .
repeated small infarctions within the microcirculation of the spleen ultimately result in its destruction — a [state] known as autosplenectomy .

Sufferers of sickle cell disease need both medical care for the clinical effects of the condition and supportive care to meet their psychological and social needs .
sufferers of sickle cell disease need both medical care for the clinical effects of the [state] and supportive care to meet their psychological and social needs .

They should also be advised to tell their dentist and primary healthcare team about their condition .
they should also be advised to tell their dentist and primary healthcare team about their [state] .

Sickle cell disease is a relatively common condition for which there is no readily available cure and for which treatment is largely inadequate .
sickle cell disease is a relatively common [state] for which there is no readily available cure and for which treatment is largely inadequate .

The centre would , in such cases , play in important role in briefing teachers and related professionals on how the condition and its symptoms can interfere with daily routines .
the centre would , in such cases , play in important role in briefing teachers and related professionals on how the [state] and its symptoms can interfere with daily routines .

Sickle cell disease is a relatively common condition which causes severe problems for those affected .
sickle cell disease is a relatively common [state] which causes severe problems for those affected .

The establishment of sickle cell centres in many cities has led to increased awareness of the condition and greatly improved care for sufferers , and much of the credit for this must go to the dedicated nurses , health visitors and counsellors involved .
the establishment of sickle cell centres in many cities has led to increased awareness of the [state] and greatly improved care for sufferers , and much of the credit for this must go to the dedicated nurses , health visitors and counsellors involved .

Early diagnosis of the condition is essential to avoid crises which can be painful and debilitating .
early diagnosis of the [state] is essential to avoid crises which can be painful and debilitating .

By applying theories of adaptation and stress and using counselling and listening skills , nurses can help patients to come to terms with their condition and treatment .
by applying theories of adaptation and stress and using counselling and listening skills , nurses can help patients to come to terms with their [state] and treatment .

if the doctor prescribing or the nurse caring for the baby , after assessing his or her condition , observes physiological and/or behavioural disturbances which indicate the baby is in pain ;
if the doctor prescribing or the nurse caring for the baby , after assessing his or her [state] , observes physiological and/or behavioural disturbances which indicate the baby is in pain ;

Most children learn about epilepsy when they first see their parent having a seizure , and it is vital the condition is fully explained to them at this time .
most children learn about epilepsy when they first see their parent having a seizure , and it is vital the [state] is fully explained to them at this time .

Participants for the programme were selected from a list of families who had raised concerns about the effect the condition was having on their lives .
participants for the programme were selected from a list of families who had raised concerns about the effect the [state] was having on their lives .

The programme began with an initial ice-breaker and a video about the condition .
the programme began with an initial ice-breaker and a video about the [state] .

To do this , they need basic information from both doctors and nurses about their condition and potential treatments , as well as clear written information which should be easily available in the clinic .
to do this , they need basic information from both doctors and nurses about their [state] and potential treatments , as well as clear written information which should be easily available in the clinic .

Only when the principal aetiological factors , the patient 's general condition , and the specific characteristics of the lesion have been determined , can effective treatment commence .
only when the principal aetiological factors , the patient 's general [state] , and the specific characteristics of the lesion have been determined , can effective treatment commence .

The storage buildings are specially designed and are equipped with sophisticated temperature and humidity controls to keep the potatoes in perfect condition .
the storage buildings are specially designed and are equipped with sophisticated temperature and humidity controls to keep the potatoes in perfect [state] .

The change from centrally planned to market economy requires , one may say as a condition precedent , proper legal framework .
the change from centrally planned to market economy requires , one may say as a [state] precedent , proper legal framework .

Resolutions in general meeting ( or partnership meeting ) of both companies is , of course , a condition precedent and minority members or shareholders must be paid off respectively , their shares purchased and cancelled .
resolutions in general meeting ( or partnership meeting ) of both companies is , of course , a [state] precedent and minority members or shareholders must be paid off respectively , their shares purchased and cancelled .

Disability caused by a pre-existing medical condition .
disability caused by a pre-existing medical [state] .

For some Protestant thinkers , experimental science promised a way of reversing the effects of the original curse , a way of making a better world that might in some small way mirror the perfection of God 's heavenly kingdom , a way of restoring the world to a condition fit for Christ 's earthly rule .
for some protestant thinkers , experimental science promised a way of reversing the effects of the original curse , a way of making a better world that might in some small way mirror the perfection of god 's heavenly kingdom , a way of restoring the world to a [state] fit for christ 's earthly rule .

Unlike a probation order , which was not regarded as a sentence of the Court , a suspended sentence ranked not merely as a sentence , but as a sentence of imprisonment , with a condition attached which activated the element of custodial confinement only if another offence was committed within a stated period of not less than one year nor more than two ( originally three ) years .
unlike a probation order , which was not regarded as a sentence of the court , a suspended sentence ranked not merely as a sentence , but as a sentence of imprisonment , with a [state] attached which activated the element of custodial confinement only if another offence was committed within a stated period of not less than one year nor more than two ( originally three ) years .

The most keenly felt was a condition attached to a large scale loan from the International Monetary Fund in 1976 requiring a reduction of £1 billion in public expenditure to support the external value of sterling .
the most keenly felt was a [state] attached to a large scale loan from the international monetary fund in 1976 requiring a reduction of £1 billion in public expenditure to support the external value of sterling .

It is reported as being in excellent condition .
it is reported as being in excellent [state] .

Some will be restored to running the exhibition condition , the remaining vehicles being used for component parts .
some will be restored to running the exhibition [state] , the remaining vehicles being used for component parts .

It is not possible for the Railway to give advance notice of the running of the Director in view of the locomotive 's age and condition .
it is not possible for the railway to give advance notice of the running of the director in view of the locomotive 's age and [state] .

Although the cows will themselves be in better condition than in the early Spring , the effect on calf size of the high nutritional inputs of lush grass may produce high calf growth in utero , and hence to greater calving difficulties .
although the cows will themselves be in better [state] than in the early spring , the effect on calf size of the high nutritional inputs of lush grass may produce high calf growth in utero , and hence to greater calving difficulties .

The jacket is in extremely fine condition .
the jacket is in extremely fine [state] .

As Hildyard and Olson put it : ‘ the authority of rhetorical conditions are collapsed onto the truth conditions so that if a statement is true to the facts or to the text itself , that is sufficient condition for its being interpersonally appropriate ’ ( ibid .
as hildyard and olson put it : ‘ the authority of rhetorical conditions are collapsed onto the truth conditions so that if a statement is true to the facts or to the text itself , that is sufficient [state] for its being interpersonally appropriate ’ ( ibid .

Their work is relevant to us and speaks of the human condition not because it attains universality and ‘ objectivity ’ , as Goody and others would imply , but on the contrary precisely because of its articulation with the real social experience in which they participated .
their work is relevant to us and speaks of the human [state] not because it attains universality and ‘ objectivity ’ , as goody and others would imply , but on the contrary precisely because of its articulation with the real social experience in which they participated .

Cattell had only returned to the department 's care in February , after another difficult spell with her mother , but her condition had apparently improved significantly .
cattell had only returned to the department 's care in february , after another difficult spell with her mother , but her [state] had apparently improved significantly .

The civil condition is a moral or non-instrumental practice which is not concerned with substantive considerations .
the civil [state] is a moral or non-instrumental practice which is not concerned with substantive considerations .

Oakeshott recognizes that the ‘ most difficult feature of the civil condition to identify and get into place has been the law ’ .
oakeshott recognizes that the ‘ most difficult feature of the civil [state] to identify and get into place has been the law ’ .

This idea of liberty is not a natural condition but is created and preserved by the ‘ rule of law ’ .
this idea of liberty is not a natural [state] but is created and preserved by the ‘ rule of law ’ .

This criticism challenges the view of human nature and the human condition constructed by liberal theories .
this criticism challenges the view of human nature and the human [state] constructed by liberal theories .

This alternative view claims that individuals can only develop their characteristically human capacities within society and that ‘ living in society is a necessary condition of the development of rationality … or of becoming a moral agent in the full sense of the term , or of becoming a fully responsible , autonomous being ’ .
this alternative view claims that individuals can only develop their characteristically human capacities within society and that ‘ living in society is a necessary [state] of the development of rationality … or of becoming a moral agent in the full sense of the term , or of becoming a fully responsible , autonomous being ’ .

In so doing he is generally able to avoid criticisms laid against classical liberalism concerning both its atomistic conception of the human condition and the moral status of the theory .
in so doing he is generally able to avoid criticisms laid against classical liberalism concerning both its atomistic conception of the human [state] and the moral status of the theory .

In this conception the single most important condition for the rule of law is the character of those who engage in legal judgments :
in this conception the single most important [state] for the rule of law is the character of those who engage in legal judgments :

This [ contemporary ] condition … greatly puzzles the now small body of surviving constitutionalists old enough to remember the sentiment of the mid-Victorian era , with its prevalent belief that to imitate the forms , or at any rate to adopt the spirit of the English constitution , was the best method whereby to confer upon the people of any civilised country the combined blessings of order and of progress .
this [ contemporary ] [state] … greatly puzzles the now small body of surviving constitutionalists old enough to remember the sentiment of the mid-victorian era , with its prevalent belief that to imitate the forms , or at any rate to adopt the spirit of the english constitution , was the best method whereby to confer upon the people of any civilised country the combined blessings of order and of progress .

Under the supervision of the head housekeeper , this department is responsible for maintaining the bedrooms and public rooms in a clean and sanitary condition .
under the supervision of the head housekeeper , this department is responsible for maintaining the bedrooms and public rooms in a clean and sanitary [state] .

The effect of the breach will depend upon the nature of the terms breached , if the term breached is a condition , i.e .
the effect of the breach will depend upon the nature of the terms breached , if the term breached is a [state] , i.e .

The trace provides a permanent record , which may be used , for example , to show that the poor condition of a baby at birth was neither predictable nor preventable .
the trace provides a permanent record , which may be used , for example , to show that the poor [state] of a baby at birth was neither predictable nor preventable .

The parents in the other families indicated a preference for knowing about their son 's condition early in life .
the parents in the other families indicated a preference for knowing about their son 's [state] early in life .

Consequently , although the condition was still untreatable the neonatal identification could facilitate reproductive choice in further pregnancies in the immediate and the extended family .
consequently , although the [state] was still untreatable the neonatal identification could facilitate reproductive choice in further pregnancies in the immediate and the extended family .

The others have been very positive about the programme , stating that they preferred to know about their sons ' condition from an early stage .
the others have been very positive about the programme , stating that they preferred to know about their sons ' [state] from an early stage .

The toxic shock syndrome has been commonly associated with menstruation since the definition of the condition in 1980 in the United States .
the toxic shock syndrome has been commonly associated with menstruation since the definition of the [state] in 1980 in the united states .

By day 18 her condition was further deteriorating .
by day 18 her [state] was further deteriorating .

The risks of this condition after elective minor surgery under local anaesthesia have probably not been appreciated .
the risks of this [state] after elective minor surgery under local anaesthesia have probably not been appreciated .

The article fails to emphasise the two most important tenets of safe prescribing of aminoglycosides — namely , that they should be used only if clinically justified and that they should be stopped as soon as the patient 's condition permits .
the article fails to emphasise the two most important tenets of safe prescribing of aminoglycosides — namely , that they should be used only if clinically justified and that they should be stopped as soon as the patient 's [state] permits .

The number of occasions when prolonged treatment with aminoglycosides is required is small , but in these cases the risks of ototoxicity are high and the costs of failing to monitor for this disabling condition can be considerable .
the number of occasions when prolonged treatment with aminoglycosides is required is small , but in these cases the risks of ototoxicity are high and the costs of failing to monitor for this disabling [state] can be considerable .

Expectancy theory adds another condition to the importance of the reward as an influence on performance : that is , the individual 's assessment of the personal importance of the reward and the likelihood of that reward actually being achieved .
expectancy theory adds another [state] to the importance of the reward as an influence on performance : that is , the individual 's assessment of the personal importance of the reward and the likelihood of that reward actually being achieved .

At the same time , managerial demands multiply and educational bodies are insisting on a greater educational input as a condition of continued approval of posts .
at the same time , managerial demands multiply and educational bodies are insisting on a greater educational input as a [state] of continued approval of posts .

Endometriosis is a condition in which there is functioning endometrial tissue outside the uterine cavity .
endometriosis is a [state] in which there is functioning endometrial tissue outside the uterine cavity .

Any study of endometriosis is potentially biased because operative intervention ( laparoscopy or laparotomy ) is necessary to diagnose the condition , and selective factors may determine who has surgery .
any study of endometriosis is potentially biased because operative intervention ( laparoscopy or laparotomy ) is necessary to diagnose the [state] , and selective factors may determine who has surgery .

The symptoms of some women would improve after removal of the device whatever the underlying condition and it might be months or years later that recurrence of the symptoms would lead to diagnosis of endometriosis .
the symptoms of some women would improve after removal of the device whatever the underlying [state] and it might be months or years later that recurrence of the symptoms would lead to diagnosis of endometriosis .

It was the chronic condition of parties in the state that allowed Reagan , despite his novice status , to obtain the Republican nomination for governor in 1966 .
it was the chronic [state] of parties in the state that allowed reagan , despite his novice status , to obtain the republican nomination for governor in 1966 .

On the face of it , the debilitated condition in which Ivan left the Crown , compounded as it was by the extinction of the Rurik line on the death of his son Fyodor in 1598 , much enhanced the political stature of the Church .
on the face of it , the debilitated [state] in which ivan left the crown , compounded as it was by the extinction of the rurik line on the death of his son fyodor in 1598 , much enhanced the political stature of the church .

The peasantry never became resigned to their condition .
the peasantry never became resigned to their [state] .

Despite very limited success in establishing schools , he did his best to compel young noblemen to gain a basic education by making it a condition of securing a marriage certificate .
despite very limited success in establishing schools , he did his best to compel young noblemen to gain a basic education by making it a [state] of securing a marriage certificate .

But the peasantry as a whole remained in a condition of extreme economic weakness .
but the peasantry as a whole remained in a [state] of extreme economic weakness .

Throughout , the Tsar had made abundantly clear his wish to damage the position of the nobility as little as was compatible with social order — and with the parlous condition of the State Treasury .
throughout , the tsar had made abundantly clear his wish to damage the position of the nobility as little as was compatible with social order — and with the parlous [state] of the state treasury .

It has long been known that phenylalanine hydroxylase deficiency exhibits a wide and continuous range of clinical and biochemical severity , varying from a symptomless disorder with phenylalanine accumulation only just greater than in obligate heterozygotes to a severely handicapping condition with plasma phenylalanine concentrations over 20 times normal .
it has long been known that phenylalanine hydroxylase deficiency exhibits a wide and continuous range of clinical and biochemical severity , varying from a symptomless disorder with phenylalanine accumulation only just greater than in obligate heterozygotes to a severely handicapping [state] with plasma phenylalanine concentrations over 20 times normal .

As a consequence , the condition of the peasantry in twelfth-century France varied markedly from community to community ' , the extremes of contrast coming between those villages on the royal demesne protected by the customs of Lorris , and those in Champagne where serfdom retained its original rigours , where peasants remained the property of their lords , their labour services heavy , their safeguards against exploitative lordship non-existent .
as a consequence , the [state] of the peasantry in twelfth-century france varied markedly from community to community ' , the extremes of contrast coming between those villages on the royal demesne protected by the customs of lorris , and those in champagne where serfdom retained its original rigours , where peasants remained the property of their lords , their labour services heavy , their safeguards against exploitative lordship non-existent .

branching to one course of action out of two possibilities depending upon the result of a mathematical , textual or logical condition
branching to one course of action out of two possibilities depending upon the result of a mathematical , textual or logical [state]

Classroom development is the only way we know of ensuring that this condition has been met .
classroom development is the only way we know of ensuring that this [state] has been met .

She turned to the dealers and complained this time about her heart condition .
she turned to the dealers and complained this time about her heart [state] .

We require two types of jump instruction ; one ( the unconditional jump ) which always changes the program counter , and one ( the conditional jump ) which changes the program counter only if a certain condition is true ( such as that the accumulator contains a non-negative value ) ; if the condition is false , the next instruction to be executed is the one stored immediately after the jump instruction .
we require two types of jump instruction ; one ( the unconditional jump ) which always changes the program counter , and one ( the conditional jump ) which changes the program counter only if a certain [state] is true ( such as that the accumulator contains a non-negative value ) ; if the [state] is false , the next instruction to be executed is the one stored immediately after the jump instruction .

Overflow is the condition in arithmetic calculation when the result of an operation can not be correctly represented within the computer , without changing the form of representation .
overflow is the [state] in arithmetic calculation when the result of an operation can not be correctly represented within the computer , without changing the form of representation .

For sign-and-magnitude and one 's complement , there are equivalent conditions for overflow to ( a ) and ( c ) , condition ( e ) is the same , and conditions ( b ) and ( d ) do not cause overflow .
for sign-and-magnitude and one 's complement , there are equivalent conditions for overflow to ( a ) and ( c ) , [state] ( e ) is the same , and conditions ( b ) and ( d ) do not cause overflow .

On early computers which included automatic tests for overflow , a detected overflow condition caused a halt .
on early computers which included automatic tests for overflow , a detected overflow [state] caused a halt .

If the operand formats are different , or one operand is unsuitable for arithmetic manipulation , then the hardware can automatically invoke a conversion operation or ( more likely ) signal an error condition for treatment by software .
if the operand formats are different , or one operand is unsuitable for arithmetic manipulation , then the hardware can automatically invoke a conversion operation or ( more likely ) signal an error [state] for treatment by software .

Thus if bit i is set to one , condition i is true and subroutine i is to be entered .
thus if bit i is set to one , [state] i is true and subroutine i is to be entered .

Thus some computers use for the jump instruction a format in which the subsidiary information field is a sub-operation code field , which specifies the condition under which the jump is to be performed ( for example , accumulator positive , or overflow flag set ) .
thus some computers use for the jump instruction a format in which the subsidiary information field is a sub-operation code field , which specifies the [state] under which the jump is to be performed ( for example , accumulator positive , or overflow flag set ) .

We therefore require a set of conditional jump or conditional branch instructions , which transfer control to the instruction at the specified store address only if a certain condition is met ; if the condition is not met , the next instruction to be executed is that immediately following the jump instruction .
we therefore require a set of conditional jump or conditional branch instructions , which transfer control to the instruction at the specified store address only if a certain [state] is met ; if the [state] is not met , the next instruction to be executed is that immediately following the jump instruction .

Jump on condition `` never `` is an instruction whose operation phase does nothing ( but presumably takes some fixed length of time to do it ) .
jump on [state] `` never `` is an instruction whose operation phase does nothing ( but presumably takes some fixed length of time to do it ) .

The jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in Figure 3.11 contain an operation code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field specifying the jump condition ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to specify the location to which control is to be transferred if the condition is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .
the jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in figure 3.11 contain an operation code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field specifying the jump [state] ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to specify the location to which control is to be transferred if the [state] is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .

( c ) An instruction may perform some data manipulation and skip the next instruction if an unusual condition occurs .
( c ) an instruction may perform some data manipulation and skip the next instruction if an unusual [state] occurs .

Condition codes
[state] codes

As with the skip technique , we can allow instructions other than tests and comparisons to set the condition code , with the added advantage over skipping that the setting of the condition code can be ignored where necessary .
as with the skip technique , we can allow instructions other than tests and comparisons to set the [state] code , with the added advantage over skipping that the setting of the [state] code can be ignored where necessary .

Stack-oriented computers may set a condition code in the top element of the stack as a result of a test or comparison instruction ; a jump instruction is then provided to jump conditional on the state of this top element ( removing the element after testing ) .
stack-oriented computers may set a [state] code in the top element of the stack as a result of a test or comparison instruction ; a jump instruction is then provided to jump conditional on the state of this top element ( removing the element after testing ) .

Subroutines are usually written to be `` transparent `` to the calling routine ; that is , the processor registers such as accumulators and condition codes can be assumed to be unaltered by the subroutine call , unless they are explicitly part of the subroutine linkage .
subroutines are usually written to be `` transparent `` to the calling routine ; that is , the processor registers such as accumulators and [state] codes can be assumed to be unaltered by the subroutine call , unless they are explicitly part of the subroutine linkage .

Is the condition encoded in the operation code or in a subsidiary information field ?
is the [state] encoded in the operation code or in a subsidiary information field ?

For example , whereas Cayley , in 1854 , specifically demanded that the associative law should be satisfied , Lie and Klein , in their earlier work , did not feel obliged explicitly to mention the requirement ; in all cases of interest to them the condition was automatically satisfied !
for example , whereas cayley , in 1854 , specifically demanded that the associative law should be satisfied , lie and klein , in their earlier work , did not feel obliged explicitly to mention the requirement ; in all cases of interest to them the [state] was automatically satisfied !

Here was a condition of contradiction which could not last forever .
here was a [state] of contradiction which could not last forever .

That individuals and groups should feel free and unintimidated is certainly a necessary condition of free discussion , free decision-making and free consent ; but it is not a sufficient condition .
that individuals and groups should feel free and unintimidated is certainly a necessary [state] of free discussion , free decision-making and free consent ; but it is not a sufficient [state] .

We are a group with a specific condition and specific demands and we can not wait for socialism and structural changes to solve the problems tomorrow , which today are the cause of our limitations …
we are a group with a specific [state] and specific demands and we can not wait for socialism and structural changes to solve the problems tomorrow , which today are the cause of our limitations …

There is no evidence of a biramous condition among the appendages in any insects .
there is no evidence of a biramous [state] among the appendages in any insects .

The prognathous condition often involves an inclination of the occipital foramen or the latter may retain its transverse position owing to an elongation of the ventral region of the head .
the prognathous [state] often involves an inclination of the occipital foramen or the latter may retain its transverse position owing to an elongation of the ventral region of the head .

Despite view to the contrary ( Tuxen , 1959 ) , this entognathous condition has probably evolved independently in the three groups concerned ( Manton , 1964 . )
despite view to the contrary ( tuxen , 1959 ) , this entognathous [state] has probably evolved independently in the three groups concerned ( manton , 1964 . )

The completeness of the fusion that has taken place varies greatly in different orders of insects , and indications of the original paired condition are clearly seen among the lower orders .
the completeness of the fusion that has taken place varies greatly in different orders of insects , and indications of the original paired [state] are clearly seen among the lower orders .

This apodous condition is extremely rare among the imagines but it is the rule among the larvae of the Diptera and certain families of Coleoptera .
this apodous [state] is extremely rare among the imagines but it is the rule among the larvae of the diptera and certain families of coleoptera .

Many insects show deviations from this simple condition because of the subdivision of the pleurites into secondary plates , or their fusion with other regions of their segment .
many insects show deviations from this simple [state] because of the subdivision of the pleurites into secondary plates , or their fusion with other regions of their segment .

The legs are primarily organs for running or walking and are well represented in their normal condition in a cockroach or Carabid beetle .
the legs are primarily organs for running or walking and are well represented in their normal [state] in a cockroach or carabid beetle .

In its simplest condition , seen in Collembola , Protura and many larvae , the pretarsus is prolonged into a single claw .
in its simplest [state] , seen in collembola , protura and many larvae , the pretarsus is prolonged into a single claw .

This condition is a constant feature of the Apterygota , where it is a primitive character , but in the Pterygota the loss of Wings is secondary ( La Greca , 1954 ) .
this [state] is a constant feature of the apterygota , where it is a primitive character , but in the pterygota the loss of wings is secondary ( la greca , 1954 ) .

Transitional forms between the apterous and the fully winged condition are found .
transitional forms between the apterous and the fully winged [state] are found .

In the winter moths ( Operophtera ) , and in the fly Clunio marinus , they are reduced in the female to the condition of small flap-like vestiges .
in the winter moths ( operophtera ) , and in the fly clunio marinus , they are reduced in the female to the [state] of small flap-like vestiges .

Among variations on this generalized Pterygote plan may be mentioned the connection of the frontal ganglion with the protocerebrum by a median nervus connectivus , the regression of the hypocerebral ganglion and varying degrees of fusion between the hypocerebral ganglion , the corpora cardiaca and the corpora allata , culminating in the condition found in the larvae of Cyclorrhaphan Diptera where all three fuse to form a composite structure known as Weismann 's ring which encircles the aorta just behind the brain ( p. 278 ) .
among variations on this generalized pterygote plan may be mentioned the connection of the frontal ganglion with the protocerebrum by a median nervus connectivus , the regression of the hypocerebral ganglion and varying degrees of fusion between the hypocerebral ganglion , the corpora cardiaca and the corpora allata , culminating in the [state] found in the larvae of cyclorrhaphan diptera where all three fuse to form a composite structure known as weismann 's ring which encircles the aorta just behind the brain ( p. 278 ) .

66 ) , the most generalized condition occurs in the Thysanura , many larvae and some lower Pterygotes where the Suboesophageal ganglion , three thoracic and eight abdominal ganglia are separately visible , the most posterior being a composite ganglion .
66 ) , the most generalized [state] occurs in the thysanura , many larvae and some lower pterygotes where the suboesophageal ganglion , three thoracic and eight abdominal ganglia are separately visible , the most posterior being a composite ganglion .

Take the variable x to cover any other particular event or condition , or set of events or conditions , which did not occur , such as the completing of an ad hoc electrical circuit .
take the variable x to cover any other particular event or [state] , or set of events or conditions , which did not occur , such as the completing of an ad hoc electrical circuit .

( Mackie , 1973a ) It is about f and s It is not about x and nor is it about any other event or condition that did occur , and , to speak vaguely , is part of a full story of why the wipers started .
( mackie , 1973a ) it is about f and s it is not about x and nor is it about any other event or [state] that did occur , and , to speak vaguely , is part of a full story of why the wipers started .

In many cases we speak of a given condition as cause and it is the one action or piece of behaviour involved , something to which responsibility attaches .
in many cases we speak of a given [state] as cause and it is the one action or piece of behaviour involved , something to which responsibility attaches .

In a second class of cases we refer to a condition which is unusual or abnormal .
in a second class of cases we refer to a [state] which is unusual or abnormal .

The soup is staying hot because the soup-plate is heavy Derbyshire stoneware and was well heated-the soup 's being ordinarily hot to start with , also a condition of its staying as hot as it does , is not mentioned as cause .
the soup is staying hot because the soup-plate is heavy derbyshire stoneware and was well heated-the soup 's being ordinarily hot to start with , also a [state] of its staying as hot as it does , is not mentioned as cause .

In a third class of cases we may take the latest condition , the one closest in time to the effect , as the cause .
in a third class of cases we may take the latest [state] , the one closest in time to the effect , as the cause .

Fourthly , we may single out what is ordinarily called an event or change , partly because of its brief duration , and thereby distinguished from what is called a standing condition — say the movement of a lever as against its tensile strength .
fourthly , we may single out what is ordinarily called an event or change , partly because of its brief duration , and thereby distinguished from what is called a standing [state] — say the movement of a lever as against its tensile strength .

Some further condition or number of conditions is needed .
some further [state] or number of conditions is needed .

This condition or set of conditions , as yet unidentified , is given the name of cause .
this [state] or set of conditions , as yet unidentified , is given the name of cause .

It is not the case that we name one condition as cause because it is different from others in any respect having to do with the relations of which we know .
it is not the case that we name one [state] as cause because it is different from others in any respect having to do with the relations of which we know .

In the three examples given at the beginning , having to do with the sound of the traffic , the windscreen wipers , and the warm left knee , a cause and each condition are naturally taken to be required for the effect , as distinct from alternatively required .
in the three examples given at the beginning , having to do with the sound of the traffic , the windscreen wipers , and the warm left knee , a cause and each [state] are naturally taken to be required for the effect , as distinct from alternatively required .

The first criterion can be satisfied , of course , without its also being true that even if x ( any other event or condition or set of them ) had also occurred , then if we had not got cc we would not have got e .
the first criterion can be satisfied , of course , without its also being true that even if x ( any other event or [state] or set of them ) had also occurred , then if we had not got cc we would not have got e .

However , it is not to be taken as part of the definition of a causal circumstance that it must include more than one element — more than one condition , event , individual property or whatever .
however , it is not to be taken as part of the definition of a causal circumstance that it must include more than one element — more than one [state] , event , individual property or whatever .

That is , there is an additional type of condition which obtains when the wipers start-not ten in all but eleven .
that is , there is an additional type of [state] which obtains when the wipers start-not ten in all but eleven .

What is needed is not exactly a particular type of condition specified before the present occasion , but a slightly different one , which did indeed obtain previously when the wipers started .
what is needed is not exactly a particular type of [state] specified before the present occasion , but a slightly different one , which did indeed obtain previously when the wipers started .

Further ( 3 ) each condition requires the occurrence of the effect , and so too ( 4 ) does the circumstance as a whole .
further ( 3 ) each [state] requires the occurrence of the effect , and so too ( 4 ) does the circumstance as a whole .

It will be noticed that in all of this the term `` correlate `` is being used in a way consistent with our previous uses of `` event `` , `` cause `` , `` condition `` , `` causal circumstance `` , and `` effect `` : not for a type of thing , but for a thing itself , more particularly an individual property or set of such properties rather than a type .
it will be noticed that in all of this the term `` correlate `` is being used in a way consistent with our previous uses of `` event `` , `` cause `` , `` [state] `` , `` causal circumstance `` , and `` effect `` : not for a type of thing , but for a thing itself , more particularly an individual property or set of such properties rather than a type .

Condition `` and `` causal circumstance `` can also be used in this way .
[state] `` and `` causal circumstance `` can also be used in this way .

Do we not have to specify the particular condition which was the absence of a torrential rainstorm and an open window ?
do we not have to specify the particular [state] which was the absence of a torrential rainstorm and an open window ?

It is therefore allowed , although e was an effect , that we might have got sc along with some extraordinary event or condition , and not got e .
it is therefore allowed , although e was an effect , that we might have got sc along with some extraordinary event or [state] , and not got e .

We then have the composite view that an effect is necessitated by a causal circumstance and , furthermore , is related to a so-called sufficient condition in the way described , having to do with the usual background .
we then have the composite view that an effect is necessitated by a causal circumstance and , furthermore , is related to a so-called sufficient [state] in the way described , having to do with the usual background .

It would not have been followed by the effect if some other event or condition had been missing . )
it would not have been followed by the effect if some other event or [state] had been missing . )

Our radical objector maintains about what we take to have been the causal circumstance that it might riot have been followed by the smell , and moreover that this would not have resulted from the absence of some further condition .
our radical objector maintains about what we take to have been the causal circumstance that it might riot have been followed by the smell , and moreover that this would not have resulted from the absence of some further [state] .

We do not suppose that the wipers ' starting to work was some sort of accident or mystery , of which the driver 's flipping the switch was merely a required condition .
we do not suppose that the wipers ' starting to work was some sort of accident or mystery , of which the driver 's flipping the switch was merely a required [state] .

This has sometimes been justified on security grounds but often the argument has been that disclosure is not in the public interest , that `` secrecy is at all times the condition in which the best men make the best decisions . ``
this has sometimes been justified on security grounds but often the argument has been that disclosure is not in the public interest , that `` secrecy is at all times the [state] in which the best men make the best decisions . ``

Organising or participating in a march in breach of any such condition constitutes an offence .
organising or participating in a march in breach of any such [state] constitutes an offence .

Under section 14 the police are given a power to impose conditions on the same grounds as in the case of marches ( see : Police v. Brickley , States , Kitson & Kitson ( Mag.Ct 1987 ) , where demonstrators were convicted for ignoring a condition that they should not stand immediately outside the South African Embassy ) .
under section 14 the police are given a power to impose conditions on the same grounds as in the case of marches ( see : police v. brickley , states , kitson & kitson ( mag.ct 1987 ) , where demonstrators were convicted for ignoring a [state] that they should not stand immediately outside the south african embassy ) .

The courts draw a distinction between those facts which are within the tribunal 's jurisdiction , i. e. those facts which the tribunal alone decides , and those facts which are outside its jurisdiction , i. e. facts which must be established as a condition precedent for the tribunal to exercise its power .
the courts draw a distinction between those facts which are within the tribunal 's jurisdiction , i. e. those facts which the tribunal alone decides , and those facts which are outside its jurisdiction , i. e. facts which must be established as a [state] precedent for the tribunal to exercise its power .

In our example the courts would classify the condition of the house , `` furnished , `` as a jurisdictional fact .
in our example the courts would classify the [state] of the house , `` furnished , `` as a jurisdictional fact .

Although unfortunately details of the projects are tantalizingly hard to ascertain , at least two attempts were made after 1888 by the Edinburgh Typographical Society to set up a women 's union , The first , in the late 1880s , is referred to only in the retrospective `` statement on the Female Question `` , published in 1904 ; Miss Black of London [ who must have been Clementina Black ] a lady who was well-known for her efforts to improve the social condition of her sex , offered to make an endeavour to organise the female compositors in Edinburgh , with a view to remedying the evils complained of by the journeymen .
although unfortunately details of the projects are tantalizingly hard to ascertain , at least two attempts were made after 1888 by the edinburgh typographical society to set up a women 's union , the first , in the late 1880s , is referred to only in the retrospective `` statement on the female question `` , published in 1904 ; miss black of london [ who must have been clementina black ] a lady who was well-known for her efforts to improve the social [state] of her sex , offered to make an endeavour to organise the female compositors in edinburgh , with a view to remedying the evils complained of by the journeymen .

Some patients will be admitted to the ward for observation and investigations of a condition which is thought likely to need surgical treatment ; for example , to ascertain the cause of abdominal pain .
some patients will be admitted to the ward for observation and investigations of a [state] which is thought likely to need surgical treatment ; for example , to ascertain the cause of abdominal pain .

There will therefore be a wide variation in the physical condition of patients admitted to surgical wards .
there will therefore be a wide variation in the physical [state] of patients admitted to surgical wards .

Assessment is not just carried out when a patient is admitted to the ward but is a continuous process because the condition of the patient is altering and therefore the care required may change rapidly .
assessment is not just carried out when a patient is admitted to the ward but is a continuous process because the [state] of the patient is altering and therefore the care required may change rapidly .

The depth of information obtained at this interview will depend upon the custom in your ward , the time available , the relationship between the nurse and patient , the nature of the condition affecting the patient and the type of admission .
the depth of information obtained at this interview will depend upon the custom in your ward , the time available , the relationship between the nurse and patient , the nature of the [state] affecting the patient and the type of admission .

He was very worried about the rectal bleeding and believed that the consultant 's decision to admit him so quickly indicated his condition was serious .
he was very worried about the rectal bleeding and believed that the consultant 's decision to admit him so quickly indicated his [state] was serious .

For example , they may be concerned about the surgical wound , when they should recommence work , whether the condition will recur or whether they will make a full recovery .
for example , they may be concerned about the surgical wound , when they should recommence work , whether the [state] will recur or whether they will make a full recovery .

Whether recovery from anaesthetic takes place in a recovery unit or surgical ward , the monitoring of the patient 's condition to prevent complications is a nursing responsibility supervised by qualified staff .
whether recovery from anaesthetic takes place in a recovery unit or surgical ward , the monitoring of the patient 's [state] to prevent complications is a nursing responsibility supervised by qualified staff .

The patient 's pre-operative condition can indicate the likelihood of breathing related problems arising post-operatively .
the patient 's pre-operative [state] can indicate the likelihood of breathing related problems arising post-operatively .

It is important that the nurse reports her observations of the patient 's condition so that electrolyte disturbances are detected early and treated .
it is important that the nurse reports her observations of the patient 's [state] so that electrolyte disturbances are detected early and treated .

His condition was therefore monitored and he was prepared carefully for surgery .
his [state] was therefore monitored and he was prepared carefully for surgery .

He was taken back to the ward on his bed and staff nurse then checked his condition .
he was taken back to the ward on his bed and staff nurse then checked his [state] .

The condition he is suffering from , peptic ulceration , is associated with poor eating habits , particularly irregular meals .
the [state] he is suffering from , peptic ulceration , is associated with poor eating habits , particularly irregular meals .

In other cases the problem may be a symptom of an underlying condition and tests may be necessary to diagnose this ( e.g .
in other cases the problem may be a symptom of an underlying [state] and tests may be necessary to diagnose this ( e.g .

2 What is a paralytic ileus ? What actions are usually taken post-operatively to avoid this condition ?
2 what is a paralytic ileus ? what actions are usually taken post-operatively to avoid this [state] ?

Measures may be required to ensure that the patient 's skin is in the best possible condition for healing to take place ( e.g .
measures may be required to ensure that the patient 's skin is in the best possible [state] for healing to take place ( e.g .

Mr Reynolds was also shown the ward day-room and introduced to other patients to help him settle down , but his anxiety about his condition prevented him from really relaxing .
mr reynolds was also shown the ward day-room and introduced to other patients to help him settle down , but his anxiety about his [state] prevented him from really relaxing .

Type and condition of housing , e.g .
type and [state] of housing , e.g .

During this time the nurses can get to know the patient , and vice versa , and establish the patient 's normal condition against which the post-operative state can be compared .
during this time the nurses can get to know the patient , and vice versa , and establish the patient 's normal [state] against which the post-operative state can be compared .

1 To ensure that the patient is in the best psychological and physical condition for the operation .
1 to ensure that the patient is in the best psychological and physical [state] for the operation .

6 Continue to monitor vital signs to detect changes in patient 's condition which would make surgery inadvisable .
6 continue to monitor vital signs to detect changes in patient 's [state] which would make surgery inadvisable .

1 Check the patient 's condition .
1 check the patient 's [state] .

4 If the ward nurse is satisfied with the patient 's condition she accepts him back into her care and escorts him quietly back to the ward ensuring his safety by maintaining the airway and close observation .
4 if the ward nurse is satisfied with the patient 's [state] she accepts him back into her care and escorts him quietly back to the ward ensuring his safety by maintaining the airway and close observation .

The condition of the patient on transfer varies from theatre to theatre and depends upon whether or not the theatre has a recovery room where patients recover from the immediate effects of the anaesthetic .
the [state] of the patient on transfer varies from theatre to theatre and depends upon whether or not the theatre has a recovery room where patients recover from the immediate effects of the anaesthetic .

In other cases it seems that some assessment was made , at a high level , of the general condition of a school , so that it was considered inappropriate for project status .
in other cases it seems that some assessment was made , at a high level , of the general [state] of a school , so that it was considered inappropriate for project status .

The evaluators must conclude that something like the input of resources which characterised the Essex project is a necessary condition for improving library provision and associated resources ( Objective 3 ) and to facilitate reforms in pedagogy , but that it is by no means a sufficient condition for significant change .
the evaluators must conclude that something like the input of resources which characterised the essex project is a necessary [state] for improving library provision and associated resources ( objective 3 ) and to facilitate reforms in pedagogy , but that it is by no means a sufficient [state] for significant change .

Tests on women with dermatitis found that the condition worsens just before a period , and those sensitive to base metals are most likely to develop a reaction at that time too .
tests on women with dermatitis found that the [state] worsens just before a period , and those sensitive to base metals are most likely to develop a reaction at that time too .

Four intensive treatments from the Poly Kur Intensive Hair-Repair Treatment range — our tester said the one for dry hair worked so well that her hair went from sow 's ear to silk purse , and felt in much better condition immediately ( £3.45 each , from major Boots ' branches ) .
four intensive treatments from the poly kur intensive hair-repair treatment range — our tester said the one for dry hair worked so well that her hair went from sow 's ear to silk purse , and felt in much better [state] immediately ( £3.45 each , from major boots ' branches ) .

To cats , the scent message of urine is a mine of information about sex , sexual condition , rank and even emotional state .
to cats , the scent message of urine is a mine of information about sex , sexual [state] , rank and even emotional state .

Most of the original copies are in fine condition : they are , moreover , exceedingly rate and one is very likely to go through life without coming across better ones .
most of the original copies are in fine [state] : they are , moreover , exceedingly rate and one is very likely to go through life without coming across better ones .

Perhaps the awful condition of the rugger pitch cramped the style of the Turks , because at Wembley , they looked distinctly useful .
perhaps the awful [state] of the rugger pitch cramped the style of the turks , because at wembley , they looked distinctly useful .

But eventually the servile condition of the peasants ( and the privileged status of nobles ) became hereditary , passed down from one generation to the next .
but eventually the servile [state] of the peasants ( and the privileged status of nobles ) became hereditary , passed down from one generation to the next .

In comparing societies with this ideal , open condition , we can distinguish two aspects of mobility :
in comparing societies with this ideal , open [state] , we can distinguish two aspects of mobility :

Social closure can then imply the capacity a class has to defend its interests ( as for the upper class ) or a condition of being ‘ enclosed ’ disadvantageously ( as for the working class ) .
social closure can then imply the capacity a class has to defend its interests ( as for the upper class ) or a [state] of being ‘ enclosed ’ disadvantageously ( as for the working class ) .

Plans include trying out the boat in every conceivable condition and every possible sea state .
plans include trying out the boat in every conceivable [state] and every possible sea state .

Mosley 's brand of Fascism was certainly to become anti-Semitic after 1934 but anti-Semitism was not a condition of its early development .
mosley 's brand of fascism was certainly to become anti-semitic after 1934 but anti-semitism was not a [state] of its early development .

Designed to speed up the purchasing process , a ‘ logbook ’ would set out the condition of a home and any work done to it , as well as listing surveys .
designed to speed up the purchasing process , a ‘ logbook ’ would set out the [state] of a home and any work done to it , as well as listing surveys .

They 're interested in room sizes , condition of the house and its style .
they 're interested in room sizes , [state] of the house and its style .

He may recover , and amaze us all with some brilliantly wise insight about the emerging human/economic condition .
he may recover , and amaze us all with some brilliantly wise insight about the emerging human/economic [state] .

We should not glamorize the overcrowded , insanitary rural cottages — scarcely adequate as holiday homes for a two-child family now — in which parents tried to raise five children , which were so strikingly condemned in Chadwick 's 1842 Report on the Sanitary Condition of the Labouring Classes ( Flinn 1965 ) .
we should not glamorize the overcrowded , insanitary rural cottages — scarcely adequate as holiday homes for a two-child family now — in which parents tried to raise five children , which were so strikingly condemned in chadwick 's 1842 report on the sanitary [state] of the labouring classes ( flinn 1965 ) .

Material circumstances seemed to condition these responses .
material circumstances seemed to [state] these responses .

Their residents are heavily dependent upon others in most aspects of their lives and unaccustomed to taking action to change their own condition or to the belief that it is possible .
their residents are heavily dependent upon others in most aspects of their lives and unaccustomed to taking action to change their own [state] or to the belief that it is possible .

In contemporary Britain it seems almost impossible to go a single day without hearing , from some quarter or another , a senior policeman hectoring us on the deteriorated condition of public morals , while assuming the right to deliver homespun history lessons in which the past is lovingly remembered as a time of harmony .
in contemporary britain it seems almost impossible to go a single day without hearing , from some quarter or another , a senior policeman hectoring us on the deteriorated [state] of public morals , while assuming the right to deliver homespun history lessons in which the past is lovingly remembered as a time of harmony .

The conditions of mass unemployment certainly helped to support the feeling of leniency , in that crime was thought to be an inevitable consequence of poverty , so that there was an active sympathy for the young unemployed whose miserable condition was further highlighted in a perceived increase of suicides among the young .
the conditions of mass unemployment certainly helped to support the feeling of leniency , in that crime was thought to be an inevitable consequence of poverty , so that there was an active sympathy for the young unemployed whose miserable [state] was further highlighted in a perceived increase of suicides among the young .

The wretched condition of so many recruits for the Boer War had brought this matter very forcibly into public attention , leading to the extraordinary fact-finding mission of the Inter-Departmental Committee on Physical Deterioration in 1904 .
the wretched [state] of so many recruits for the boer war had brought this matter very forcibly into public attention , leading to the extraordinary fact-finding mission of the inter-departmental committee on physical deterioration in 1904 .

In fact , Mrs Jenkins is left in such a poorly condition that she is unable to present her version of events when the matter is brought before the police court .
in fact , mrs jenkins is left in such a poorly [state] that she is unable to present her version of events when the matter is brought before the police court .

Choosing the right college — often in condition of some anxiety — can be difficult .
choosing the right college — often in [state] of some anxiety — can be difficult .

Regardless of style , hair should be kept in tip-top condition right now , reflecting a ‘ natural feel and texture ’ , says Liz Edmonds of the Edmonds salon .
regardless of style , hair should be kept in tip-top [state] right now , reflecting a ‘ natural feel and texture ’ , says liz edmonds of the edmonds salon .

For example , Nutrifactor 1 ( Light ) comprises 0.25 per cent of cationic polymers to treat hair which is , perhaps , temporarily under the weather ; while Revitalising Creme Bath Nutrifactor 3 ( Intense ) offers a higher level of cationic polymers ( one per cent ) to condition , soften and untangle more seriously dehydrated and damaged hair strands , in preparation for winter temperatures .
for example , nutrifactor 1 ( light ) comprises 0.25 per cent of cationic polymers to treat hair which is , perhaps , temporarily under the weather ; while revitalising creme bath nutrifactor 3 ( intense ) offers a higher level of cationic polymers ( one per cent ) to [state] , soften and untangle more seriously dehydrated and damaged hair strands , in preparation for winter temperatures .

The Sisley make-up shades are not meant to make any kind of directional colour statement ; they are merely gentle , wearable shades which have been thoughtfully devised to bring subtle definition to the features and simultaneously to condition them .
the sisley make-up shades are not meant to make any kind of directional colour statement ; they are merely gentle , wearable shades which have been thoughtfully devised to bring subtle definition to the features and simultaneously to [state] them .

Her partners agreed to this unorthodox therapy on condition that it was done in her spare time and she produced an audit after a year .
her partners agreed to this unorthodox therapy on [state] that it was done in her spare time and she produced an audit after a year .

There was no orthodox cure for either condition .
there was no orthodox cure for either [state] .

There is also personalised skincare analysis based on the current condition of the customer 's skin .
there is also personalised skincare analysis based on the current [state] of the customer 's skin .

You understand that it is a condition of us accepting your booking that you take out for yourself and for those for whom you book our recommended holiday insurance ( details on page 15 ) , or that you arrange a policy yourself giving comparable or better cover under all sections .
you understand that it is a [state] of us accepting your booking that you take out for yourself and for those for whom you book our recommended holiday insurance ( details on page 15 ) , or that you arrange a policy yourself giving comparable or better cover under all sections .

It is easy to see , then , that with a good brushing method you can clear up this condition and prevent gum disease .
it is easy to see , then , that with a good brushing method you can clear up this [state] and prevent gum disease .

All floor covering non-slip , secure and in good condition ? Does the stairway have securely fitted bannisters and handrails ? Do you use proper steps or a step ladder to reach things in high places ?
all floor covering non-slip , secure and in good [state] ? does the stairway have securely fitted bannisters and handrails ? do you use proper steps or a step ladder to reach things in high places ?

Are all plugs and sockets in good condition , undamaged , no loose wires , correctly fused , etc ?
are all plugs and sockets in good [state] , undamaged , no loose wires , correctly fused , etc ?

Are all flexes in good condition and carefully positioned to avoid tripping hazards ?
are all flexes in good [state] and carefully positioned to avoid tripping hazards ?

Is it in good condition and serviced by the manufacturer every two or three years ?
is it in good [state] and serviced by the manufacturer every two or three years ?

Parties may obtain discovery regarding any matter , not privileged , which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the pending action , whether it relates to the claim or defense of the party seeking discovery or to the claim or defense of any other party , including the existence , description , nature , custody , condition and location of any books , documents , or other tangible things and the identity and location of persons having knowledge of any discoverable matter .
parties may obtain discovery regarding any matter , not privileged , which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the pending action , whether it relates to the claim or defense of the party seeking discovery or to the claim or defense of any other party , including the existence , description , nature , custody , [state] and location of any books , documents , or other tangible things and the identity and location of persons having knowledge of any discoverable matter .

The aims are to provide data that is not currently available about the earliest stages of diabetic eye disease , and enable a reassessment of the screening strategies that are currently used by GPs and optometrists for detecting the condition .
the aims are to provide data that is not currently available about the earliest stages of diabetic eye disease , and enable a reassessment of the screening strategies that are currently used by gps and optometrists for detecting the [state] .

The epidemiology of this condition is considered in detail in this chapter .
the epidemiology of this [state] is considered in detail in this chapter .

In the most general of terms this condition is both progressive and irreversible .
in the most general of terms this [state] is both progressive and irreversible .

Despite the use of dementia as a global term , it is not a single condition .
despite the use of dementia as a global term , it is not a single [state] .

Given the difficulty of identifying the different types of dementia it is usual for epidemiological studies of this disease to concentrate upon organic brain failure as a single condition .
given the difficulty of identifying the different types of dementia it is usual for epidemiological studies of this disease to concentrate upon organic brain failure as a single [state] .

In attempting to establish the prevalence of dementia a variety of different instruments have been used to identify the presence/absence of the condition .
in attempting to establish the prevalence of dementia a variety of different instruments have been used to identify the presence/absence of the [state] .

More detailed work needs to be undertaken before it is possible to establish if there are geographical variations in the prevalence of this condition .
more detailed work needs to be undertaken before it is possible to establish if there are geographical variations in the prevalence of this [state] .

The average length of stay in hospital for older people is usually longer than that for a young person with a similar medical condition .
the average length of stay in hospital for older people is usually longer than that for a young person with a similar medical [state] .

The health check will cover six main dimensions : sensory functions , mobility , mental condition , physical condition including continence , social environment and use of medicines .
the health check will cover six main dimensions : sensory functions , mobility , mental [state] , physical [state] including continence , social environment and use of medicines .

’ When unequivocal recognition of an impropriety can be interpreted as the perception of an action as a breaching of a rule , we have a further sufficient condition for asserting that actions are rule-governed .
’ when unequivocal recognition of an impropriety can be interpreted as the perception of an action as a breaching of a rule , we have a further sufficient [state] for asserting that actions are rule-governed .

In addition to the above criteria of articulation and recognition of breaches , a further necessary condition must be satisfied : actions can only be said to be rule-governed when some other alternative actions are possible .
in addition to the above criteria of articulation and recognition of breaches , a further necessary [state] must be satisfied : actions can only be said to be rule-governed when some other alternative actions are possible .

She was diagnosed as suffering from ‘ greenstick ’ , a childhood condition where children 's bones are so flexible that they bend , not break .
she was diagnosed as suffering from ‘ greenstick ’ , a childhood [state] where children 's bones are so flexible that they bend , not break .

On one occasion she agreed to pose for photographs on the condition that she would then be left alone .
on one occasion she agreed to pose for photographs on the [state] that she would then be left alone .

But these romantic interludes were mere pauses in Diana 's worries about public life , anxieties which did little to subdue her bulimic condition .
but these romantic interludes were mere pauses in diana 's worries about public life , anxieties which did little to subdue her bulimic [state] .

If you 've got a heart condition we should stop now .
if you 've got a heart [state] we should stop now .

In 1983 a Government initiative broke the deadlock and a compromise of sorts was reached , with the Stock Exchange agreeing to amend its rule-book on the condition that the case against it was dropped .
in 1983 a government initiative broke the deadlock and a compromise of sorts was reached , with the stock exchange agreeing to amend its rule-book on the [state] that the case against it was dropped .

Circlip detachment could have been consistent with a high tension condition in the belt that , by resulting in elastic bending of the pin , caused a loading to be applied by the backplate flange to the circlip in the axial direction of the pin .
circlip detachment could have been consistent with a high tension [state] in the belt that , by resulting in elastic bending of the pin , caused a loading to be applied by the backplate flange to the circlip in the axial direction of the pin .

It is notorious that ambitious ideas claiming to mirror the whole human condition have often turned out to describe chiefly the condition of the group doing the theorising .
it is notorious that ambitious ideas claiming to mirror the whole human [state] have often turned out to describe chiefly the [state] of the group doing the theorising .

Earlier generations had already noticed the odd consequences which followed from Aristotle 's having seen the human condition as unquestionably that of an Athenian gentleman , and Kant 's having seen it as that of a Prussian bourgeois .
earlier generations had already noticed the odd consequences which followed from aristotle 's having seen the human [state] as unquestionably that of an athenian gentleman , and kant 's having seen it as that of a prussian bourgeois .

They thus shared in the human condition to the extent that inferior men did , and needed no special comment .
they thus shared in the human [state] to the extent that inferior men did , and needed no special comment .

But it must be asked how far such autonomy is a realistic possibility . If there are some brute facts , perhaps social , but founded in biological difference , which separate the lives and experience of women from those of men , may these not continue ineluctably to affect the moral ideals they may hold ? Is there something about woman 's experience as a biological and social being that gives her a common identity and differentiates her forever from the male ? Or are differences only superficially cultural ? Was Margaret Mead ( 1935 ) right to see woman as ‘ an infinitely malleable clay figure upon which mankind has draped ever varying period-costumes ’ ? And was Simone de Beauvoir ( 1972 ) justified in believing that , because women ‘ live dispersed among the males , attached through residence , housework , economic condition , and social standing to certain men — fathers or husbands — more firmly than they are to other women ’ , they can have no common identity or history ?
but it must be asked how far such autonomy is a realistic possibility . if there are some brute facts , perhaps social , but founded in biological difference , which separate the lives and experience of women from those of men , may these not continue ineluctably to affect the moral ideals they may hold ? is there something about woman 's experience as a biological and social being that gives her a common identity and differentiates her forever from the male ? or are differences only superficially cultural ? was margaret mead ( 1935 ) right to see woman as ‘ an infinitely malleable clay figure upon which mankind has draped ever varying period-costumes ’ ? and was simone de beauvoir ( 1972 ) justified in believing that , because women ‘ live dispersed among the males , attached through residence , housework , economic [state] , and social standing to certain men — fathers or husbands — more firmly than they are to other women ’ , they can have no common identity or history ?

Where a house has had its chimney-top demolished , capped and/or the fire opening blocked off , the condition of the flue should be assessed .
where a house has had its chimney-top demolished , capped and/or the fire opening blocked off , the [state] of the flue should be assessed .

Such a shortcoming is illustrated by the imprecise meaning of the term ‘ fundamental disequilibrium ’ , the required condition for a devaluation by a deficit country .
such a shortcoming is illustrated by the imprecise meaning of the term ‘ fundamental disequilibrium ’ , the required [state] for a devaluation by a deficit country .

However , to such countries the fact that the Fund has agreed domestic programmes as a condition for loans has often been the key factor in encouraging lending by banks and other private sector organizations .
however , to such countries the fact that the fund has agreed domestic programmes as a [state] for loans has often been the key factor in encouraging lending by banks and other private sector organizations .

The joint is in this condition when it is finally judged ready for the table .
the joint is in this [state] when it is finally judged ready for the table .

Things , in other words , were once again in the condition of being other than what they seemed .
things , in other words , were once again in the [state] of being other than what they seemed .

Certainly , in St Ann 's , the condition of the houses bears immediately on the lives of the people .
certainly , in st ann 's , the [state] of the houses bears immediately on the lives of the people .

Rather do children , especially boys , think that there are two possibilities : possession of a penis or a castrated condition , the penis having been cut off .
rather do children , especially boys , think that there are two possibilities : possession of a penis or a castrated [state] , the penis having been cut off .

Freud assumed that the nervous system 's main task is to abolish stimuli and as far as possible ‘ maintain itself in an altogether unstimulated condition ’ .
freud assumed that the nervous system 's main task is to abolish stimuli and as far as possible ‘ maintain itself in an altogether unstimulated [state] ’ .

Unfortunately good judgement must mature through hard experience , but it is basic commonsense to check the freezing levels on the forecast , and to ask other climbers , and particularly hut guardians for information on the condition of your proposed route .
unfortunately good judgement must mature through hard experience , but it is basic commonsense to check the freezing levels on the forecast , and to ask other climbers , and particularly hut guardians for information on the [state] of your proposed route .

In anything like calm weather either climb is a good bet , remaining in good condition far more often than many options of adjacent crags .
in anything like calm weather either climb is a good bet , remaining in good [state] far more often than many options of adjacent crags .

Rhys 's five-year-old sister Charly also has the condition and for her it is too late .
rhys 's five-year-old sister charly also has the [state] and for her it is too late .

Although the victim 's condition was critical he was expected to recover .
although the victim 's [state] was critical he was expected to recover .

He also received surgery at Broomfield Hospital , and his condition was later described as stable .
he also received surgery at broomfield hospital , and his [state] was later described as stable .

He wrote a pathetic letter to his lord , describing his condition in prison where he lay bound with fetters of iron and beseeching aid from the Earl of March to secure his deliverance .
he wrote a pathetic letter to his lord , describing his [state] in prison where he lay bound with fetters of iron and beseeching aid from the earl of march to secure his deliverance .

They granted the second subsidy only on condition that the king himself went abroad to try to bring an end to the war .
they granted the second subsidy only on [state] that the king himself went abroad to try to bring an end to the war .

Mr Connelly 's condition was first diagnosed in March , and a date for the operation was set on May 5 .
mr connelly 's [state] was first diagnosed in march , and a date for the operation was set on may 5 .

Mr Bevan was taken to Colchester General Hospital , where his condition last night was described as ‘ satisfactory ’ .
mr bevan was taken to colchester general hospital , where his [state] last night was described as ‘ satisfactory ’ .

Many of them are in a dangerous condition and at least one contains asbestos .
many of them are in a dangerous [state] and at least one contains asbestos .

Doctors failed to diagnose her fractured skull and sent her back to Turner Village with a note saying she should be kept under observation and a message to return if her condition changed .
doctors failed to diagnose her fractured skull and sent her back to turner village with a note saying she should be kept under observation and a message to return if her [state] changed .

Physical or structural characteristics , form of building , its condition and appearance , treatments , repairs and improvements , fixtures and fittings are also covered .
physical or structural characteristics , form of building , its [state] and appearance , treatments , repairs and improvements , fixtures and fittings are also covered .

‘ The walls are in very good condition , certainly the frontline defences at Clacton are of a standard equivalent to the Thames . ’
‘ the walls are in very good [state] , certainly the frontline defences at clacton are of a standard equivalent to the thames . ’

Doctors tried out different medications to ease Glenn 's condition but tests showed his heart muscle was damaged and he was put on the waiting list for a transplant .
doctors tried out different medications to ease glenn 's [state] but tests showed his heart muscle was damaged and he was put on the waiting list for a transplant .

He is always falling over because the condition affects his balance .
he is always falling over because the [state] affects his balance .

After his condition stabilised he was transferred to St Andrew 's Hospital , Billericay .
after his [state] stabilised he was transferred to st andrew 's hospital , billericay .

Rhys 's five-year-old sister Charly also has the condition and for her it is too late .
rhys 's five-year-old sister charly also has the [state] and for her it is too late .

He was admitted to hospital and his condition was said to be ‘ critical ’ .
he was admitted to hospital and his [state] was said to be ‘ critical ’ .

the cost of replacing your motor cycle with one of similar type and condition
the cost of replacing your motor cycle with one of similar type and [state]

We will not be liable for that part of the cost of any repair or ) 8. replacement which improves your motor cycle beyond its condition before the loss or damage occurred .
we will not be liable for that part of the cost of any repair or ) 8. replacement which improves your motor cycle beyond its [state] before the loss or damage occurred .

keep your motor cycle in an efficient and roadworthy condition and
keep your motor cycle in an efficient and roadworthy [state] and

the cost of replacing your caravan with one of similar type and condition
the cost of replacing your caravan with one of similar type and [state]

keep your caravan in an efficient and roadworthy condition
keep your caravan in an efficient and roadworthy [state]

The liability of the Corporation under this Section ( subject to Condition 5 of this Policy ) for all compensation payable in respect of or arising out of one occurrence or in respect of or arising out of all occurrences of a series consequent on or attributable to one source or original cause shall not exceed £1,000,000 .
the liability of the corporation under this section ( subject to [state] 5 of this policy ) for all compensation payable in respect of or arising out of one occurrence or in respect of or arising out of all occurrences of a series consequent on or attributable to one source or original cause shall not exceed £1,000,000 .

The Policyholder shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard from loss or damage and maintain in efficient condition any Caravan described in the Schedule and the Corporation shall have at all times free access to examine such Caravan .
the policyholder shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard from loss or damage and maintain in efficient [state] any caravan described in the schedule and the corporation shall have at all times free access to examine such caravan .

Where any difference is by this condition to be referred to arbitration the making of an award shall be a condition precedent to any right of action against the Corporation .
where any difference is by this [state] to be referred to arbitration the making of an award shall be a [state] precedent to any right of action against the corporation .

the cost of replacing your car with one of similar type and condition
the cost of replacing your car with one of similar type and [state]

We will not pay the cost of any repair or replacement which improves your car beyond the condition it was in before the loss or damage occurred .
we will not pay the cost of any repair or replacement which improves your car beyond the [state] it was in before the loss or damage occurred .

This condition does not apply to personal accident benefits , as described on page 9 , which we will pay in full .
this [state] does not apply to personal accident benefits , as described on page 9 , which we will pay in full .

keep your car in good roadworthy condition ; and
keep your car in good roadworthy [state] ; and

the cost of replacing your car with one of similar type and condition
the cost of replacing your car with one of similar type and [state]

We will not pay the cost of any repair or replacement which improves your car beyond the condition it was in before the loss or damage occurred .
we will not pay the cost of any repair or replacement which improves your car beyond the [state] it was in before the loss or damage occurred .

This condition does not apply to personal accident benefits , as described on page 9 , which we will pay in full .
this [state] does not apply to personal accident benefits , as described on page 9 , which we will pay in full .

keep your car in good roadworthy condition ; and
keep your car in good roadworthy [state] ; and

the cost of replacing your car with one of similar type and condition
the cost of replacing your car with one of similar type and [state]

We will not pay the cost of any repair or replacement which improves your car beyond the condition it was in before the loss or damage occurred .
we will not pay the cost of any repair or replacement which improves your car beyond the [state] it was in before the loss or damage occurred .

This condition does not apply to personal accident benefits , as described on page 9 , which we will pay in full .
this [state] does not apply to personal accident benefits , as described on page 9 , which we will pay in full .

keep your car in good roadworthy condition ; and
keep your car in good roadworthy [state] ; and

This condition does not apply to personal accident benefits , as described on page 9 , which we will pay in full .
this [state] does not apply to personal accident benefits , as described on page 9 , which we will pay in full .

keep your car in good roadworthy condition ; and
keep your car in good roadworthy [state] ; and

The Policyholder shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard from loss or damage and maintain in efficient condition any motor car described in the Schedule and the Corporation shall have at all times free access to examine such motor car .
the policyholder shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard from loss or damage and maintain in efficient [state] any motor car described in the schedule and the corporation shall have at all times free access to examine such motor car .

Where any difference is by this condition to be referred to arbitration the making of an award shall be a condition precedent to any right of action against the Corporation .
where any difference is by this [state] to be referred to arbitration the making of an award shall be a [state] precedent to any right of action against the corporation .

The Royal Society of Edinburgh added to its previous deposits the papers of the 18th-century astronomer James Ferguson , including manuscripts of his writings and various calculating instruments in remarkably good condition .
the royal society of edinburgh added to its previous deposits the papers of the 18th-century astronomer james ferguson , including manuscripts of his writings and various calculating instruments in remarkably good [state] .

Thought to have been brought together by two distinguished Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh , Alexander Keith Johnston and Roderick Impey Murchison , the collection was beautifully mounted and dissected , and housed in purpose-built boxes ; most items are in virtually mint condition .
thought to have been brought together by two distinguished fellows of the royal society of edinburgh , alexander keith johnston and roderick impey murchison , the collection was beautifully mounted and dissected , and housed in purpose-built boxes ; most items are in virtually mint [state] .

In the course of the year two important condition surveys were completed .
in the course of the year two important [state] surveys were completed .

During this exercise the condition of the paper and binding of each volume was recorded , and the information gathered will be of value for planning future conservation work .
during this exercise the [state] of the paper and binding of each volume was recorded , and the information gathered will be of value for planning future conservation work .

The aim was to determine the condition of bindings and assess the effectiveness of past preservation policy , to measure the demand for present and future binding-related conservation work , and to identify areas from which material in need of remedial treatment should be taken .
the aim was to determine the [state] of bindings and assess the effectiveness of past preservation policy , to measure the demand for present and future binding-related conservation work , and to identify areas from which material in need of remedial treatment should be taken .

These surveys add data to those furnished by previous surveys carried out by the Preservation Division in recent years , that measured the brittle paper problem in the Library and the condition of particular areas of the special collections and manuscript collections .
these surveys add data to those furnished by previous surveys carried out by the preservation division in recent years , that measured the brittle paper problem in the library and the [state] of particular areas of the special collections and manuscript collections .

The provision of batteries and responsibility for their condition must rest with the candidate .
the provision of batteries and responsibility for their [state] must rest with the candidate .

The provision of batteries and responsibility for their condition must rest with the candidate .
the provision of batteries and responsibility for their [state] must rest with the candidate .

‘ With the exception of a few broken computers sliding off desks , and other such minor damage , the plant came through the quake in good condition .
‘ with the exception of a few broken computers sliding off desks , and other such minor damage , the plant came through the quake in good [state] .

And it 's a quality he put to good use when he performed a parachute jump to raise money for a girl who suffers from a rare heart condition .
and it 's a quality he put to good use when he performed a parachute jump to raise money for a girl who suffers from a rare heart [state] .

This specific and complex test was required , the experts say , because the Cusiana rock is quite variable , a condition that could not allow for the application of routine technology to asses well productivity .
this specific and complex test was required , the experts say , because the cusiana rock is quite variable , a [state] that could not allow for the application of routine technology to asses well productivity .

The higher skin damage measurement in the lower layer indicates that loss circulation material possibly was stuck in the producing rock , a condition that might have been caused by initial drilling operating practices , says Chris Drysdale , Well Evaluation group leader .
the higher skin damage measurement in the lower layer indicates that loss circulation material possibly was stuck in the producing rock , a [state] that might have been caused by initial drilling operating practices , says chris drysdale , well evaluation group leader .

The fact that a storm may show up the poor condition of a flat roof does not signify that storm was the proximate cause of damage .
the fact that a storm may show up the poor [state] of a flat roof does not signify that storm was the proximate cause of damage .

If the Policyholder had been aware of the faulty roof for some time and had taken no action to prevent damage to the home , there may have been a breach of the reasonable care condition .
if the policyholder had been aware of the faulty roof for some time and had taken no action to prevent damage to the home , there may have been a breach of the reasonable care [state] .

Our liability under the policy is to restore the property to a sound condition .
our liability under the policy is to restore the property to a sound [state] .

Damage to properties owing to clay shrinkage is most likely to occur following long periods of drought and this condition can be exacerbated by the influence of tree roots or vegetation .
damage to properties owing to clay shrinkage is most likely to occur following long periods of drought and this [state] can be exacerbated by the influence of tree roots or vegetation .

The Adjuster should provide two values : — one relating to the value of the building in an undamaged condition , the other relating to the value of the building in its present damaged condition .
the adjuster should provide two values : — one relating to the value of the building in an undamaged [state] , the other relating to the value of the building in its present damaged [state] .

is lower than the actual value of the total property at risk and the lost or damaged items were not in a new condition .
is lower than the actual value of the total property at risk and the lost or damaged items were not in a new [state] .

Once we have paid the claim , consideration should be given to pursuing recovery against the Third Party , by way of the Subrogation condition in the policy .
once we have paid the claim , consideration should be given to pursuing recovery against the third party , by way of the subrogation [state] in the policy .

General Condition 3 of the policy , ‘ Your Duty of Care ’ presents frequent problems and the following notes can only be used as a guideline .
general [state] 3 of the policy , ‘ your duty of care ’ presents frequent problems and the following notes can only be used as a guideline .

All Home policies carry a condition requiring the Policyholder to exercise reasonable care of the property insured to prevent it sustaining loss or damage .
all home policies carry a [state] requiring the policyholder to exercise reasonable care of the property insured to prevent it sustaining loss or damage .

This is the ‘ Contribution ’ condition and would apply when there is more than one policy . For example , the Policyholder may have a 5* Maxplan policy with cover for unspecified valuables — Sum Insured £2,000 — Single
this is the ‘ contribution ’ [state] and would apply when there is more than one policy . for example , the policyholder may have a 5* maxplan policy with cover for unspecified valuables — sum insured £2,000 — single

registration plates are in poor condition or if the spacing of letters and numbers is obviously incorrect ;
registration plates are in poor [state] or if the spacing of letters and numbers is obviously incorrect ;

The new MoT tests field of vision and condition of glass .
the new mot tests field of vision and [state] of glass .

The test will check the presence , condition and any obscuration of the plates ; that letters and figures are not obviously incorrectly spaced ; and that characters are properly formed .
the test will check the presence , [state] and any obscuration of the plates ; that letters and figures are not obviously incorrectly spaced ; and that characters are properly formed .

The test will check the presence and condition of mirrors required by law to be fitted .
the test will check the presence and [state] of mirrors required by law to be fitted .

surveyor could not gain access to roof voids but concluded was in reasonable condition for its age .
surveyor could not gain access to roof voids but concluded was in reasonable [state] for its age .

in the event that a purchaser is persuaded to purchase a property based on a surveyors valuation , the level of damages will be based on the correct market value allowing for the true condition of the property , and not the cost of repairs which need to be carried out .
in the event that a purchaser is persuaded to purchase a property based on a surveyors valuation , the level of damages will be based on the correct market value allowing for the true [state] of the property , and not the cost of repairs which need to be carried out .

This is supported by General Condition 2 of the Engineering and Computer Policies which sets out the action to be taken by the Policyholder on the happening of any event which may give rise to a claim .
this is supported by general [state] 2 of the engineering and computer policies which sets out the action to be taken by the policyholder on the happening of any event which may give rise to a claim .

Automatic Cover — Previously this was provided without limit as to the period of time by which the Company must be notified but as we can no longer rely on surveyors picking up additional plant , it is now a condition of this cover that the Insured notifies the Company before expiry of the current period of insurance .
automatic cover — previously this was provided without limit as to the period of time by which the company must be notified but as we can no longer rely on surveyors picking up additional plant , it is now a [state] of this cover that the insured notifies the company before expiry of the current period of insurance .

The General Conditions are basically standard but the following comments are worthy of note : — Condition 2 — Claims Procedure On the happening of any event immediate notification to the company is desirable , as an immediate examination by an Engineer Surveyor/Loss Adjuster can assist in learning full details of any accident including the cause .
the general conditions are basically standard but the following comments are worthy of note : — [state] 2 — claims procedure on the happening of any event immediate notification to the company is desirable , as an immediate examination by an engineer surveyor/loss adjuster can assist in learning full details of any accident including the cause .

Condition 6 — Precautions
[state] 6 — precautions

Sometimes the Insured will allow plant to run when its condition indicates that it should be stopped for overhaul , relying on the fact that the company will pay for repairs if there is an accident .
sometimes the insured will allow plant to run when its [state] indicates that it should be stopped for overhaul , relying on the fact that the company will pay for repairs if there is an accident .

This Condition requires that the Insured acts with the same degree of care as though he was not insured .
this [state] requires that the insured acts with the same degree of care as though he was not insured .

The last part of this Condition allows the company to suspend cover .
the last part of this [state] allows the company to suspend cover .

From time to time the Engineer Surveyor may make recommendations in his report regarding the condition of the plant .
from time to time the engineer surveyor may make recommendations in his report regarding the [state] of the plant .

If suggested improvements are not carried out we have the right to suspend cover on the plant concerned until the Engineer Surveyor is satisfied with its condition .
if suggested improvements are not carried out we have the right to suspend cover on the plant concerned until the engineer surveyor is satisfied with its [state] .

Baggage Condition 2 also requires that the transport company , authority or hotel should have been notified in writing .
baggage [state] 2 also requires that the transport company , authority or hotel should have been notified in writing .

In view of the new wording of Condition 2 the claimant must produce , if loss or damage is sustained while in the care of an airline , a Property Irregularity Report , a copy of the formal written notice to the airline which should have been written within three days of loss or damage and all travel tickets and tags .
in view of the new wording of [state] 2 the claimant must produce , if loss or damage is sustained while in the care of an airline , a property irregularity report , a copy of the formal written notice to the airline which should have been written within three days of loss or damage and all travel tickets and tags .

In view of the interpretation now applicable to the General Condition of Reasonable Care , two specific exclusions have been added to the policy in respect of unattended property as follows : —
in view of the interpretation now applicable to the general [state] of reasonable care , two specific exclusions have been added to the policy in respect of unattended property as follows : —

either the value of the property at the time of the loss , taking into account depreciation/wear and tear and the original purchase price or the cost of repairing to the immediate pre-accident condition .
either the value of the property at the time of the loss , taking into account depreciation/wear and tear and the original purchase price or the cost of repairing to the immediate pre-accident [state] .

‘ Bodily Injury ’ does not include sickness , disease or naturally occurring condition or degenerative process but does include death or disablement as a direct result of exposure to the elements .
‘ bodily injury ’ does not include sickness , disease or naturally occurring [state] or degenerative process but does include death or disablement as a direct result of exposure to the elements .

In such cases the condition of registration with the Department of Employment should be waived .
in such cases the [state] of registration with the department of employment should be waived .

The equipment — in perfect condition after lying hidden for 50 years — will chronicle a time when each factory had its own firefighting force specially trained to deal with the Luftwaffe 's terrifying weaponry .
the equipment — in perfect [state] after lying hidden for 50 years — will chronicle a time when each factory had its own firefighting force specially trained to deal with the luftwaffe 's terrifying weaponry .

Section 12 of the Administration of Justice Act , 1982 , provides for an application by a pursuer for provisional damages in circumstances where : — ‘ There is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will , as a result of the act or omission which gave rise to the cause of the action , develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .
section 12 of the administration of justice act , 1982 , provides for an application by a pursuer for provisional damages in circumstances where : — ‘ there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will , as a result of the act or omission which gave rise to the cause of the action , develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental [state] ’ .

The essential restriction on the operation of the section is that it applies only where ‘ there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will … develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .
the essential restriction on the operation of the section is that it applies only where ‘ there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will … develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental [state] ’ .

Any unauthorised use will be a breach of Policy Condition and , therefore , the claim would not be covered .
any unauthorised use will be a breach of policy [state] and , therefore , the claim would not be covered .

Refer to General Condition 1 for Small Craft and General Condition 2 for Yacht Policy for the reasonable care conditions .
refer to general [state] 1 for small craft and general [state] 2 for yacht policy for the reasonable care conditions .

In most cases like this an independent Marine Surveyor will be involved and he should be asked to advise on the cause of the sinking and the pre-casualty condition of the vessel .
in most cases like this an independent marine surveyor will be involved and he should be asked to advise on the cause of the sinking and the pre-casualty [state] of the vessel .

It is a condition of this cover that you maintain a record of meter readings and that you report any unusual fluctuations to the Water Authority and to us .
it is a [state] of this cover that you maintain a record of meter readings and that you report any unusual fluctuations to the water authority and to us .

Mobility , ie liability to transfer to anywhere in the United Kingdom or abroad , is a condition of most Civil Service appointments at roughly Executive Officer level and above , and in certain other grades where the nature of the work requires staff to be moved from one location to another .
mobility , ie liability to transfer to anywhere in the united kingdom or abroad , is a [state] of most civil service appointments at roughly executive officer level and above , and in certain other grades where the nature of the work requires staff to be moved from one location to another .

As a condition of this appointment you are required to accept that if the appointment is not renewed or extended at the end of the period referred to you will not be entitled to claim any rights to complain of unfair dismissal under the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 , as amended , which authorizes the exclusion by agreement of any such claim in the case of an appointment for a period of one year or more .
as a [state] of this appointment you are required to accept that if the appointment is not renewed or extended at the end of the period referred to you will not be entitled to claim any rights to complain of unfair dismissal under the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 , as amended , which authorizes the exclusion by agreement of any such claim in the case of an appointment for a period of one year or more .

You are further required as a condition of this appointment to accept that if the appointment is not renewed at the end of the period referred to then you would not be entitled to claim any redundancy payment under the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 or under any analogous provisions , should your appointment not be renewed at the end of the period referred to .
you are further required as a [state] of this appointment to accept that if the appointment is not renewed at the end of the period referred to then you would not be entitled to claim any redundancy payment under the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 or under any analogous provisions , should your appointment not be renewed at the end of the period referred to .

It is a condition of this appointment that you complete the attached waiver agreeing to the exclusion of any claim to statutory rights in respect of unfair dismissal or redundancy payment on the expiry of your appointment without its being renewed or extended , and acknowledging that you will not be entitled to redundancy payments on such expiry .
it is a [state] of this appointment that you complete the attached waiver agreeing to the exclusion of any claim to statutory rights in respect of unfair dismissal or redundancy payment on the expiry of your appointment without its being renewed or extended , and acknowledging that you will not be entitled to redundancy payments on such expiry .

Regarding the condition of the top pond .
regarding the [state] of the top pond .

An example of indirect discrimination would be a condition that a vacant job will only be given to someone who is at least eight feet tall .
an example of indirect discrimination would be a [state] that a vacant job will only be given to someone who is at least eight feet tall .

Considerably less women than men could comply with that condition and so , unless the condition is justifiable , the condition is discriminatory .
considerably less women than men could comply with that [state] and so , unless the [state] is justifiable , the [state] is discriminatory .

Mrs. Wicksted reported that a member of the Bingo Club had spoken to her re the condition of the road outside the hall .
mrs. wicksted reported that a member of the bingo club had spoken to her re the [state] of the road outside the hall .

Condition of the footway in the vicinity of the Dentists ’ surgery .
[state] of the footway in the vicinity of the dentists ’ surgery .

The condition of the access road to the Village Hall .
the [state] of the access road to the village hall .

This pathway is again in a dreadful condition with litter , lack of bins and broken down fencing .
this pathway is again in a dreadful [state] with litter , lack of bins and broken down fencing .

You should note that , as a condition of accepting this appointment , you will be required to undertake appropriate management and other related training as soon as this can be arranged .
you should note that , as a [state] of accepting this appointment , you will be required to undertake appropriate management and other related training as soon as this can be arranged .

In relation to the school site , the Secretary of State 's decision included a condition that a 1·5 hectare site should be reserved for educational use .
in relation to the school site , the secretary of state 's decision included a [state] that a 1·5 hectare site should be reserved for educational use .

Even under such conditions there may be cases where a weigher , from his own observations , is not satisfied that the vehicle is in the same condition as when tared .
even under such conditions there may be cases where a weigher , from his own observations , is not satisfied that the vehicle is in the same [state] as when tared .

‘ Rattling a can in your condition ? ’
‘ rattling a can in your [state] ? ’

This all has to be done in front of a judge , the judge gives marks , not only on the rider 's control of the horse , but also for the appearance and condition of the horse .
this all has to be done in front of a judge , the judge gives marks , not only on the rider 's control of the horse , but also for the appearance and [state] of the horse .

But the birds play a part in Marlowe 's creation of a condition of harmony existing between man and nature where , embracing the Biblical view , nature exists to accommodate and provide for man .
but the birds play a part in marlowe 's creation of a [state] of harmony existing between man and nature where , embracing the biblical view , nature exists to accommodate and provide for man .

The phosphates used in detergents and cleaning products are useful because they condition the water to reduce scum , help to keep the water alkaline for proper cleaning and break up the dirt on fabrics to prevent it settling back .
the phosphates used in detergents and cleaning products are useful because they [state] the water to reduce scum , help to keep the water alkaline for proper cleaning and break up the dirt on fabrics to prevent it settling back .

‘ On one condition .
‘ on one [state] .

‘ You have n't been pressured into any further interrogation , not only because of the condition you were in for so long , ’ Munro said , ‘ but because we know everything there is to know about Operation Eagle . ’
‘ you have n't been pressured into any further interrogation , not only because of the [state] you were in for so long , ’ munro said , ‘ but because we know everything there is to know about operation eagle . ’

The medical officer had put two stitches in his cheek , but had been more concerned with Brigadeführer Farber 's condition .
the medical officer had put two stitches in his cheek , but had been more concerned with brigadeführer farber 's [state] .

You go to a friend , or if you have n't got one there are people who specialize in it , and then you get them to marry her on condition that they divorce her immediately afterwards .
you go to a friend , or if you have n't got one there are people who specialize in it , and then you get them to marry her on [state] that they divorce her immediately afterwards .

Both victims were brought to him limp in the arms of their supporters and their condition appeared dire .
both victims were brought to him limp in the arms of their supporters and their [state] appeared dire .

On condition that the levy were withdrawn .
on [state] that the levy were withdrawn .

In 1975 the Council agreed to the award of the degree of Master of Education , on condition that it was not taken as a precedent for a variety of other masters ' degree titles .
in 1975 the council agreed to the award of the degree of master of education , on [state] that it was not taken as a precedent for a variety of other masters ' degree titles .

Many polytechnics were now as large as many of the universities and in a similar , if not better , condition than the CATs were at the time they became universities .
many polytechnics were now as large as many of the universities and in a similar , if not better , [state] than the cats were at the time they became universities .

In his paper on ‘ Mourning and Melancholia ’ Freud established that in depression following the loss of a love-object the ego absorbs that object into itself so that the exaggerated self-reproaches , self-deprecation and self-hatred which typify the condition can be understood as sadistic drives which have been unconsciously directed on to the object whose ‘ shadow has fallen on the ego .
in his paper on ‘ mourning and melancholia ’ freud established that in depression following the loss of a love-object the ego absorbs that object into itself so that the exaggerated self-reproaches , self-deprecation and self-hatred which typify the [state] can be understood as sadistic drives which have been unconsciously directed on to the object whose ‘ shadow has fallen on the ego .

In his discussion of the problem in ‘ Mourning and Melancholia ’ Freud offers the initial hypothesis that mania is to be understood as a state in which the ego appears to have got over its loss of the object with the consequence that the instinctual drives previously fixated on it are now liberated — giving rise to the boundless energy and enthusiasm of the manic condition .
in his discussion of the problem in ‘ mourning and melancholia ’ freud offers the initial hypothesis that mania is to be understood as a state in which the ego appears to have got over its loss of the object with the consequence that the instinctual drives previously fixated on it are now liberated — giving rise to the boundless energy and enthusiasm of the manic [state] .

Yet , of course , even though the conflict in megalomania and other paranoid delusions centres on the father , the cause of the condition , at least in the cultural case which we are examining here , and doubtless in many clinical cases as well , lies in the relationship with the mother .
yet , of course , even though the conflict in megalomania and other paranoid delusions centres on the father , the cause of the [state] , at least in the cultural case which we are examining here , and doubtless in many clinical cases as well , lies in the relationship with the mother .

Expressed in developmental , rather than structural terms , one can describe the condition of the citizens of total welfare states as childlike , for not only are they likely to be regressed in developmental terms for the reasons already given , they are also childlike in relative terms to the state which has become a parent , and an omnipotent one at that .
expressed in developmental , rather than structural terms , one can describe the [state] of the citizens of total welfare states as childlike , for not only are they likely to be regressed in developmental terms for the reasons already given , they are also childlike in relative terms to the state which has become a parent , and an omnipotent one at that .

Expressed in developmental , rather than structural terms , one can describe the condition of the citizens of total welfare states as childlike , for not only are they likely to be regressed in developmental terms for the reasons already given , they are also childlike in relative terms to the state which has become a parent , and an omnipotent one at that .
expressed in developmental , rather than structural terms , one can describe the [state] of the citizens of total welfare states as childlike , for not only are they likely to be regressed in developmental terms for the reasons already given , they are also childlike in relative terms to the state which has become a parent , and an omnipotent one at that .

‘ Ramsbum says the injured waiter was Robert and that he 's in a serious condition .
‘ ramsbum says the injured waiter was robert and that he 's in a serious [state] .

That we know because the room was cleaned at lunch-time and the cleaner actually switched on the light to help her see the condition of the table she was polishing .
that we know because the room was cleaned at lunch-time and the cleaner actually switched on the light to help her see the [state] of the table she was polishing .

‘ You were n't concerned about the condition of the club any more ? ’
‘ you were n't concerned about the [state] of the club any more ? ’

He washed and dressed quickly and was downstairs ten minutes before breakfast began , hoping for a quiet word with Gooseneck about Sunil 's condition .
he washed and dressed quickly and was downstairs ten minutes before breakfast began , hoping for a quiet word with gooseneck about sunil 's [state] .

Pietro had finally agreed to Zen 's presence , on condition that there was no contact until the pay-off actually began , so during the intervening forty-eight hours he had had nothing to do with the case beyond having the ransom money photographed to record the serial numbers and finalizing the arrangements for collecting Ruggiero when he was released .
pietro had finally agreed to zen 's presence , on [state] that there was no contact until the pay-off actually began , so during the intervening forty-eight hours he had had nothing to do with the case beyond having the ransom money photographed to record the serial numbers and finalizing the arrangements for collecting ruggiero when he was released .

Before his eyes was the ‘ Vehicle Condition Monitor ’ , a dot-matrix display that gave warning of any problem from handbrake on to brake failure .
before his eyes was the ‘ vehicle [state] monitor ’ , a dot-matrix display that gave warning of any problem from handbrake on to brake failure .

Political power is a necessary condition of economic power .
political power is a necessary [state] of economic power .

We will carry out a free survey of your electrical installations and visually check the condition of your wiring .
we will carry out a free survey of your electrical installations and visually check the [state] of your wiring .

Patients over 65 years suffering from a severe systemic condition were considered as high risk cases .
patients over 65 years suffering from a severe systemic [state] were considered as high risk cases .

Iron deficiency anaemia is a very common condition in general medical practice .
iron deficiency anaemia is a very common [state] in general medical practice .

The most important condition to exclude is colonic carcinoma .
the most important [state] to exclude is colonic carcinoma .

Systemic amyloidosis often affects the gastrointestinal tract and may result in this condition .
systemic amyloidosis often affects the gastrointestinal tract and may result in this [state] .

The condition is found most commonly in the femoral head , but identical changes have been described in the proximal humerus , elbow , knee , and foot .
the [state] is found most commonly in the femoral head , but identical changes have been described in the proximal humerus , elbow , knee , and foot .

The outcome of non-randomised studies has been influenced by the fact that the patients selected for surgery tend to be those in good overall condition with a favourable systemic prognosis .
the outcome of non-randomised studies has been influenced by the fact that the patients selected for surgery tend to be those in good overall [state] with a favourable systemic prognosis .

Longitudinal studies indicate that the condition affects people over long periods of their lives yet there is no evidence that they are at risk of any serious organic disease .
longitudinal studies indicate that the [state] affects people over long periods of their lives yet there is no evidence that they are at risk of any serious organic disease .

This change led to an enormous effort to begin active treatment in the neonatal period for virtually all infants with this condition .
this change led to an enormous effort to begin active treatment in the neonatal period for virtually all infants with this [state] .

Severe spina bifida was the first condition in which a policy of selective non-treatment was clearly enunciated .
severe spina bifida was the first [state] in which a policy of selective non-treatment was clearly enunciated .

The amount used per treatment , number of treatments , type , and condition of the wound are shown in the table .
the amount used per treatment , number of treatments , type , and [state] of the wound are shown in the table .

Exclusion criteria were : ( 1 ) Patients whose overall medical condition rendered them as unduly high risk for elective surgery — for example , severe chronic obstructive airways disease ; ( 2 ) patients considered unsuitable for surgery because of technical reasons such as ( a ) gross obesity , ( b ) fixed hiatus hernia , ( c ) previous major upper gastrointestinal surgery ; ( 3 ) patients who had received previous therapy for bleeding oesophageal varices ; ( 4 ) patients already taking beta blockers ; ( 5 ) patients on waiting list for liver transplantation ; ( 6 ) HBsAg positive subjects .
exclusion criteria were : ( 1 ) patients whose overall medical [state] rendered them as unduly high risk for elective surgery — for example , severe chronic obstructive airways disease ; ( 2 ) patients considered unsuitable for surgery because of technical reasons such as ( a ) gross obesity , ( b ) fixed hiatus hernia , ( c ) previous major upper gastrointestinal surgery ; ( 3 ) patients who had received previous therapy for bleeding oesophageal varices ; ( 4 ) patients already taking beta blockers ; ( 5 ) patients on waiting list for liver transplantation ; ( 6 ) hbsag positive subjects .

Our results and a review of published works cast doubts on the value of annual colonoscopic surveillance in this condition when considering its cost effectiveness and the definition of a workable programme .
our results and a review of published works cast doubts on the value of annual colonoscopic surveillance in this [state] when considering its cost effectiveness and the definition of a workable programme .

Faecal incontinence is a disabling condition , which is reported to have a population prevalence in the range of 0.1 % to 1.5 % .
faecal incontinence is a disabling [state] , which is reported to have a population prevalence in the range of 0.1 % to 1.5 % .

Dosage was decided on the basis of the patient 's general condition , more radical regimes being offered to the younger and fitter patients .
dosage was decided on the basis of the patient 's general [state] , more radical regimes being offered to the younger and fitter patients .

Laser treatment was considered to be successful if symptoms caused by intraluminal tumour were reduced to an extent that enabled the patient to lead a lifestule appropriate to his or her age and general condition without constant concern for bowel function .
laser treatment was considered to be successful if symptoms caused by intraluminal tumour were reduced to an extent that enabled the patient to lead a lifestule appropriate to his or her age and general [state] without constant concern for bowel function .

He is alive and under follow up surgery was not deemed appropriate due to his generally weak condition .
he is alive and under follow up surgery was not deemed appropriate due to his generally weak [state] .

at the end , her general condition was considered to be too poor to justify a defunctioning colostomy .
at the end , her general [state] was considered to be too poor to justify a defunctioning colostomy .

This study assessed symptomatic gall bladder disease rather the total occurrence of the condition .
this study assessed symptomatic gall bladder disease rather the total occurrence of the [state] .

In a fragmentary condition , with three columns each , are the Temple of Castor and Pollux and the Temple of Vespasian .
in a fragmentary [state] , with three columns each , are the temple of castor and pollux and the temple of vespasian .

This theatre , which is in good condition , is partly hollowed out from the hillside and partly constructed .
this theatre , which is in good [state] , is partly hollowed out from the hillside and partly constructed .

There are a number of fine amphitheatres extant in a partly ruined condition and several of them are still used for performances of opera or for bull fights .
there are a number of fine amphitheatres extant in a partly ruined [state] and several of them are still used for performances of opera or for bull fights .

Both the exterior wall and the auditorium seating are in good condition and the amphitheatre is in use particularly for bull fights ( 130 ) .
both the exterior wall and the auditorium seating are in good [state] and the amphitheatre is in use particularly for bull fights ( 130 ) .

Most of these in Italy are in a poor condition as in Rome , Ascoli , Pompeii , Ostia , etc .
most of these in italy are in a poor [state] as in rome , ascoli , pompeii , ostia , etc .

Parts are missing owing to damage by fire and water , but the existing remains are beautifully displayed and in magnificent condition .
parts are missing owing to damage by fire and water , but the existing remains are beautifully displayed and in magnificent [state] .

The mosaic pavement of the original church of c. 320 has now been laid bare ; it is in magnificent condition and covers the whole of the nave and one aisle .
the mosaic pavement of the original church of c. 320 has now been laid bare ; it is in magnificent [state] and covers the whole of the nave and one aisle .

The exterior , especially , is a perfect example of its type in good condition .
the exterior , especially , is a perfect example of its type in good [state] .

The remains are extensive and in good condition showing frescoes , mosaics and marbles .
the remains are extensive and in good [state] showing frescoes , mosaics and marbles .

This stability , not to say stagnation , underlies the whole economic condition of late medieval England .
this stability , not to say stagnation , underlies the whole economic [state] of late medieval england .

This was to lead to an increase in real wages and to a decline in rents for land , and in so far as these can be used to measure the standard of living of the people , they suggest that the condition of the peasantry improved markedly in the fifteenth century .
this was to lead to an increase in real wages and to a decline in rents for land , and in so far as these can be used to measure the standard of living of the people , they suggest that the [state] of the peasantry improved markedly in the fifteenth century .

This could be done , and the lord would be in a position to rack-rent , if there was any demand for land , and although this latter condition was not met for much of the fifteenth century , it did apply as the sixteenth century advanced .
this could be done , and the lord would be in a position to rack-rent , if there was any demand for land , and although this latter [state] was not met for much of the fifteenth century , it did apply as the sixteenth century advanced .

The economic crisis following the Black Death had undoubtedly given men of enterprise the opportunity to better their condition , and there was probably more mobility of population in the fifteenth century than there had been in the thirteenth .
the economic crisis following the black death had undoubtedly given men of enterprise the opportunity to better their [state] , and there was probably more mobility of population in the fifteenth century than there had been in the thirteenth .

Clearly , an unwholesome condition has developed in the previously productive , though often contentious , relationship between science and government .
clearly , an unwholesome [state] has developed in the previously productive , though often contentious , relationship between science and government .

Answer guide : The answer here should bring out the distinction between directly variable costs and other costs attributable to getting the product to its ‘ present state and condition ’ .
answer guide : the answer here should bring out the distinction between directly variable costs and other costs attributable to getting the product to its ‘ present state and [state] ’ .

Besides , there were my domestic duties to perform , such as getting updated on Salome 's condition from Lisabeth at Mission Control , and feeding Springsteen .
besides , there were my domestic duties to perform , such as getting updated on salome 's [state] from lisabeth at mission control , and feeding springsteen .

‘ Frank 's been back but he 's gone again , ’ she said , quivering with importance . ‘ Salome 's had her operation but there 's no change in her condition which is a good sign rather than a bad one … ’
‘ frank 's been back but he 's gone again , ’ she said , quivering with importance . ‘ salome 's had her operation but there 's no change in her [state] which is a good sign rather than a bad one … ’

‘ Salome 's condition is described as stable .
‘ salome 's [state] is described as stable .

‘ And land up in the same condition as you did ? Be quiet ! ’
‘ and land up in the same [state] as you did ? be quiet ! ’

Individuals with Dupuytren 's disease have a genetically-determined predisposition to the condition .
individuals with dupuytren 's disease have a genetically-determined predisposition to the [state] .

The condition may also occur in association with various other medical disorders .
the [state] may also occur in association with various other medical disorders .

Tissue in Dupuytren 's disease contains substantial numbers of CD3-positive T-cells , suggesting that they are important mediators in the pathogenesis of this condition .
tissue in dupuytren 's disease contains substantial numbers of cd3-positive t-cells , suggesting that they are important mediators in the pathogenesis of this [state] .

If one doctor treats condition ‘ y ’ with therapy ‘ x ’ , he may observe clinical improvement in the absence of any real treatment effect ; if this experience repeats itself , he is destined to become an enthusiast for therapy ‘ x ’ .
if one doctor treats [state] ‘ y ’ with therapy ‘ x ’ , he may observe clinical improvement in the absence of any real treatment effect ; if this experience repeats itself , he is destined to become an enthusiast for therapy ‘ x ’ .

Has this technique an application in human neurosurgery and if so in which condition ?
has this technique an application in human neurosurgery and if so in which [state] ?

The anorexic patient identifies with her wasted body and declares her condition a form of self-realisation and self-expression .
the anorexic patient identifies with her wasted body and declares her [state] a form of self-realisation and self-expression .

On the other hand , the public health approach requires service provision to be determined by the prevalence of the condition , the priority for infertility services within all human services , the medical and social options available for infertile people , and consumer views and choices .
on the other hand , the public health approach requires service provision to be determined by the prevalence of the [state] , the priority for infertility services within all human services , the medical and social options available for infertile people , and consumer views and choices .

‘ Did his general condition lead you to expect something of the sort ? ’
‘ did his general [state] lead you to expect something of the sort ? ’

‘ He looks in splendid condition . Have you ever thought of showing him ? ’
‘ he looks in splendid [state] . have you ever thought of showing him ? ’

However , these are not attributes of an individual as such , which for fairness might be viewed as a necessary condition .
however , these are not attributes of an individual as such , which for fairness might be viewed as a necessary [state] .

The Alchian-Demsetz ( 1972 ) approach suggests that team production outproduces isolated individual production , providing a necessary but not sufficient condition for firm formation .
the alchian-demsetz ( 1972 ) approach suggests that team production outproduces isolated individual production , providing a necessary but not sufficient [state] for firm formation .

As long as he could drive , Edward did not really care about his condition , and the man , Corporal Miller from Dundee , was perfectly capable behind the wheel of the Austin Ten .
as long as he could drive , edward did not really care about his [state] , and the man , corporal miller from dundee , was perfectly capable behind the wheel of the austin ten .

The traffic along Western Avenue had been quiet , and it was only an hour and a quarter after leaving Oxford that Lewis was speaking to the Night Sister on the third floor of the hospital , a neat , competent-looking brunette who appeared rather more concerned about the unprecedented police interest in matters than in the medical condition of her most recent road-casualty , now lying behind a curtained bed in Harley Ward .
the traffic along western avenue had been quiet , and it was only an hour and a quarter after leaving oxford that lewis was speaking to the night sister on the third floor of the hospital , a neat , competent-looking brunette who appeared rather more concerned about the unprecedented police interest in matters than in the medical [state] of her most recent road-casualty , now lying behind a curtained bed in harley ward .

According to the hospital bulletin on the Monday afternoon , the condition of Lucy Downes was now officially listed as ‘ comfortable ’ , one notch above the ‘ satisfactory ’ of the Sunday , and two above the earlier ‘ stable ’ .
according to the hospital bulletin on the monday afternoon , the [state] of lucy downes was now officially listed as ‘ comfortable ’ , one notch above the ‘ satisfactory ’ of the sunday , and two above the earlier ‘ stable ’ .

Before submitting the package for approval , the manager of the package can ensure that the package is in an ‘ approvable ’ condition , ( in a similar way to running the scanner before attempting to enter a module ) .
before submitting the package for approval , the manager of the package can ensure that the package is in an ‘ approvable ’ [state] , ( in a similar way to running the scanner before attempting to enter a module ) .

Otherwise , Professor Dyos concluded , the variety of human condition and physical environment to be found in Victorian Camberwell warns against the temptation to generalize further .
otherwise , professor dyos concluded , the variety of human [state] and physical environment to be found in victorian camberwell warns against the temptation to generalize further .

The family historian who visits such a place would find it hard to believe that it was once the home of a mere waggoner if he had not seen old photographs that show its condition before the First World War .
the family historian who visits such a place would find it hard to believe that it was once the home of a mere waggoner if he had not seen old photographs that show its [state] before the first world war .

For example , it can be used : to predict whether or not a chemical reaction is likely to occur when two different substances are mixed ; to enable the amount of energy theoretically required by or released during reactions to be calculated ; to predict the extent to which a reaction will proceed before reaching a condition of equilibrium .
for example , it can be used : to predict whether or not a chemical reaction is likely to occur when two different substances are mixed ; to enable the amount of energy theoretically required by or released during reactions to be calculated ; to predict the extent to which a reaction will proceed before reaching a [state] of equilibrium .

Every system which is left to itself will , on the average , change toward a condition of maximum probability .
every system which is left to itself will , on the average , change toward a [state] of maximum probability .

Table 3 and Table 4 show the means and standard deviations of Yes and No response times respectively for each condition .
table 3 and table 4 show the means and standard deviations of yes and no response times respectively for each [state] .

Much has been written of the difficult trading condition as interest rates rise and demand slows , but a substantial market place continues to exist .
much has been written of the difficult trading [state] as interest rates rise and demand slows , but a substantial market place continues to exist .

The weather was fine and the course in excellent condition when Stoddards , Lyles and Reyburns clashed in the 25th Buchanan Trophy match at Braehead Golf Club , Alloa .
the weather was fine and the course in excellent [state] when stoddards , lyles and reyburns clashed in the 25th buchanan trophy match at braehead golf club , alloa .

Its geranium-shaped leaves and lime-green flowers both condition well and the flowers preserve too .
its geranium-shaped leaves and lime-green flowers both [state] well and the flowers preserve too .

Always choose material mature enough to condition well .
always choose material mature enough to [state] well .

He gave it on the condition that we cared for it and , although my husband already liked gardening , that was what started my interest `` .
he gave it on the [state] that we cared for it and , although my husband already liked gardening , that was what started my interest `` .

The discarded embryos would not necessarily have the condition .
the discarded embryos would not necessarily have the [state] .

If one just casts an eye over the history of the condition of women — marked by struggles , it has continued to evolve , but at such pace that it seems that women who struggle for their liberation and at the same time for that of their societies , are undertaking a long drawn-out campaign .
if one just casts an eye over the history of the [state] of women — marked by struggles , it has continued to evolve , but at such pace that it seems that women who struggle for their liberation and at the same time for that of their societies , are undertaking a long drawn-out campaign .

Detainees in Nylstroom said they had been offered their release on the condition that they agreed to become police informers .
detainees in nylstroom said they had been offered their release on the [state] that they agreed to become police informers .

19 Lord The Lord Ordinary having considered the Petition and proceedings , no Answers having been lodged , Nominates and Appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the Petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the Accountant of Court a bond binding himself to lodge Accounts annually with the Accountant of Court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of Scotland ; to appear before the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the Court of Session for said purposes and to assign an address in Scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * Finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the Auditor of Court for taxation ) .
19 lord the lord ordinary having considered the petition and proceedings , no answers having been lodged , nominates and appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon [state] that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the accountant of court a bond binding himself to lodge accounts annually with the accountant of court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of scotland ; to appear before the lords of council and session in scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the court of session for said purposes and to assign an address in scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the auditor of court for taxation ) .

They are unlikely to negotiate a formal end to the Gulf war while Iran 's leadership is in its present condition of internecine turmoil .
they are unlikely to negotiate a formal end to the gulf war while iran 's leadership is in its present [state] of internecine turmoil .

On the same evening he had been admitted to hospital with heart trouble , but although his condition was reported to be good the next day , he did not withdraw his candidacy .
on the same evening he had been admitted to hospital with heart trouble , but although his [state] was reported to be good the next day , he did not withdraw his candidacy .

Throughout the duration of the tenancy you will be required to keep the land free from weeks and in a clean and tidy condition .
throughout the duration of the tenancy you will be required to keep the land free from weeks and in a clean and tidy [state] .

Gorbachev 's March 30 call for repeal of independence declaration as condition for negotiations
gorbachev 's march 30 call for repeal of independence declaration as [state] for negotiations

He said that the woman , who had been diagnosed as a schizophrenic in 1986 after an attempted arson attack , would probably not be fit to stand trial because of her mental condition .
he said that the woman , who had been diagnosed as a schizophrenic in 1986 after an attempted arson attack , would probably not be fit to stand trial because of her mental [state] .

West Germany agreed on Sept. 15 , 1989 , to convert $ 418,500,000 of official debt into grants , on condition that Kenya use the local currency equivalent for environmental improvement and conservation projects .
west germany agreed on sept. 15 , 1989 , to convert $ 418,500,000 of official debt into grants , on [state] that kenya use the local currency equivalent for environmental improvement and conservation projects .

On July 3 Doe had reportedly agreed to resign at the request of a deputation of his remaining allies , including Vice-President Harry Moniba and Samuel Hill , the Speaker of the House of Representatives ( parliament ) , on condition that his own safety and that of the Khran people was assured .
on july 3 doe had reportedly agreed to resign at the request of a deputation of his remaining allies , including vice-president harry moniba and samuel hill , the speaker of the house of representatives ( parliament ) , on [state] that his own safety and that of the khran people was assured .

Brennan , 84 , who had recently suffered a small stroke , announced his resignation on July 20 , stating that the `` strenuous demands of court work `` were `` incompatible with my advancing age and medical condition `` .
brennan , 84 , who had recently suffered a small stroke , announced his resignation on july 20 , stating that the `` strenuous demands of court work `` were `` incompatible with my advancing age and medical [state] `` .

In a combative pre-election speech Gorbachev delivered a blistering attack on conservative thinking and `` those who came to this congress hoping to take the party back to the old condition of commands and orders `` .
in a combative pre-election speech gorbachev delivered a blistering attack on conservative thinking and `` those who came to this congress hoping to take the party back to the old [state] of commands and orders `` .

They had been moved from the prison to Avicennes hospital in June after a serious deterioration in their condition .
they had been moved from the prison to avicennes hospital in june after a serious deterioration in their [state] .

After overnight negotiations the authorities agreed to refuel the plane and let it fly to Pakistan on condition that the remaining 38 passengers and crew would be released on arrival .
after overnight negotiations the authorities agreed to refuel the plane and let it fly to pakistan on [state] that the remaining 38 passengers and crew would be released on arrival .

The Foreign Ministry announced on April 19 , 1989 , that the Soviet press agency Novosti would be allowed to reopen its office in Berne on condition that its activities were within the normal range of a news agency 's functions .
the foreign ministry announced on april 19 , 1989 , that the soviet press agency novosti would be allowed to reopen its office in berne on [state] that its activities were within the normal range of a news agency 's functions .

Meanwhile , on Sept. 6 the junta apparently offered to release Suu Kyi from house arrest on condition that she went into exile and renounced politics .
meanwhile , on sept. 6 the junta apparently offered to release suu kyi from house arrest on [state] that she went into exile and renounced politics .

On Sept. 27 Ceausescu was released from custody for 90 days to undergo medical treatment for chronic cirrhosis of the liver ( a condition reportedly complicated by a stab wound he had received from one of the revolutionary mob moments after his Dec. 22 television appearance ) .
on sept. 27 ceausescu was released from custody for 90 days to undergo medical treatment for chronic cirrhosis of the liver ( a [state] reportedly complicated by a stab wound he had received from one of the revolutionary mob moments after his dec. 22 television appearance ) .

Gen. ( retd ) Gustavo Leigh Guzmán , a former Air Force commander and member in 1973-78 of the military junta under Pinochet , was shot five times at close range by unidentified youths on March 21 in Santiago , and was taken to hospital in a critical condition .
gen. ( retd ) gustavo leigh guzmán , a former air force commander and member in 1973-78 of the military junta under pinochet , was shot five times at close range by unidentified youths on march 21 in santiago , and was taken to hospital in a critical [state] .

( The Portuguese had removed the prohibition on the import of English woollen goods , under the terms of the Methuen Treaty of 1703 , only on condition that England admitted their wines at preferential rates . )
( the portuguese had removed the prohibition on the import of english woollen goods , under the terms of the methuen treaty of 1703 , only on [state] that england admitted their wines at preferential rates . )

Ministers agreed , however reluctantly , that Britain 's own condition and the international environment as a whole required the continuance of Atlanticist policies .
ministers agreed , however reluctantly , that britain 's own [state] and the international environment as a whole required the continuance of atlanticist policies .

The tsar was prepared , on occasion , to reproach German nobles for allowing the condition of the Estonian and Latvian peasantry to deteriorate , and in educational and especially religious affairs he sanctioned attempts to bring the Baltic provinces into line with the rest of the empire .
the tsar was prepared , on occasion , to reproach german nobles for allowing the [state] of the estonian and latvian peasantry to deteriorate , and in educational and especially religious affairs he sanctioned attempts to bring the baltic provinces into line with the rest of the empire .

Unrepentant , the naive Petrashevskii proceeded in February 1848 to circulate a document which called for granting merchants the right to own populated estates on condition that they dealt with their serfs in accordance with the Law on Obligated Peasants of 1842 .
unrepentant , the naive petrashevskii proceeded in february 1848 to circulate a document which called for granting merchants the right to own populated estates on [state] that they dealt with their serfs in accordance with the law on obligated peasants of 1842 .

At its second meeting , on 17 January 1857 , a majority of the members tried to persuade the tsar that he should allay suspicion and dampen expectations by pretending , in an edict , that he was planning no changes in the condition of the serfs .
at its second meeting , on 17 january 1857 , a majority of the members tried to persuade the tsar that he should allay suspicion and dampen expectations by pretending , in an edict , that he was planning no changes in the [state] of the serfs .

The tsar thought he had found a model for ameliorating the condition of the peasants which the gentry would accept .
the tsar thought he had found a model for ameliorating the [state] of the peasants which the gentry would accept .

The Orthodox clergy and Church in the western area `` , he said , `` will not assume the status appropriate to their rank so long as this same clergy at the very centre of the state remain in their present condition and on their present level `` .
the orthodox clergy and church in the western area `` , he said , `` will not assume the status appropriate to their rank so long as this same clergy at the very centre of the state remain in their present [state] and on their present level `` .

That for an income of 10,000 marks as a condition of entry to the German diplomatic service was abolished in 1908 ; but this left the real position completely unchanged .
that for an income of 10,000 marks as a [state] of entry to the german diplomatic service was abolished in 1908 ; but this left the real position completely unchanged .

There is an unresolved tension between the fact that the perceptions of mystics are seen as fundamentally important to the human condition and the fact that they are given to so few .
there is an unresolved tension between the fact that the perceptions of mystics are seen as fundamentally important to the human [state] and the fact that they are given to so few .

The process of confession , contrition and restitution was originally instituted as a public act through which individual members of society were reconciled to each other in that social harmony signified by the kiss of peace at the Mass which was the condition for the reception of Christ at the eucharist .
the process of confession , contrition and restitution was originally instituted as a public act through which individual members of society were reconciled to each other in that social harmony signified by the kiss of peace at the mass which was the [state] for the reception of christ at the eucharist .

Such a state of ordered affection enables man to recognise the achievement of inner balance and reconciliation of powers in the longing for God , the necessary condition for knowledge of Him .
such a state of ordered affection enables man to recognise the achievement of inner balance and reconciliation of powers in the longing for god , the necessary [state] for knowledge of him .

Active life is a condition of existence in time , translating the love of God into actions that will repair the fallen inner world of the psyche and the external world of society .
active life is a [state] of existence in time , translating the love of god into actions that will repair the fallen inner world of the psyche and the external world of society .

The peace of society was thus assimilated to the sacrament ; it was enacted as both the condition and the effect of the reality of Christ 's presence .
the peace of society was thus assimilated to the sacrament ; it was enacted as both the [state] and the effect of the reality of christ 's presence .

And if the Mass enacted the social reality of the body of Christ , it also enacted the recognised pattern of personal contemplative experience , moving as it did from confession , the recognition of the condition of sin and fallen man , through the articulation of faith as revealed in Scripture and Creed , to the offering to God of the God-given fruits of human labour through which the gift of his presence is made known .
and if the mass enacted the social reality of the body of christ , it also enacted the recognised pattern of personal contemplative experience , moving as it did from confession , the recognition of the [state] of sin and fallen man , through the articulation of faith as revealed in scripture and creed , to the offering to god of the god-given fruits of human labour through which the gift of his presence is made known .

The works of mercy and the virtues together show that combination of active life and inner condition that can counteract the subversive activities of the seven sins : pride , envy , wrath , gluttony , covetousness , sloth and lechery .
the works of mercy and the virtues together show that combination of active life and inner [state] that can counteract the subversive activities of the seven sins : pride , envy , wrath , gluttony , covetousness , sloth and lechery .

The seven virtues put together the three theological virtues which arise from man 's relationship to God as his creator , and are the condition of all Christian action — faith , hope and charity — with the four classical virtues which relate to man as a social being : justice towards others , prudence in distinguishing good from evil in the world , fortitude in all circumstances , `` whethir so betides `` and temperance to achieve a balanced life-style to `` lyff skillwisely [ with discretion ] als the lawe techis `` .
the seven virtues put together the three theological virtues which arise from man 's relationship to god as his creator , and are the [state] of all christian action — faith , hope and charity — with the four classical virtues which relate to man as a social being : justice towards others , prudence in distinguishing good from evil in the world , fortitude in all circumstances , `` whethir so betides `` and temperance to achieve a balanced life-style to `` lyff skillwisely [ with discretion ] als the lawe techis `` .

The idea that a contritional experience is an ongoing activity in which every man fights and conquers those elements of his fallen nature as Christ fought evil on the Cross and that this is part of the continuing process of redemption — indeed its very condition — was at the heart of their preaching and teaching which developed the monastic piety of an earlier period for a lay audience .
the idea that a contritional experience is an ongoing activity in which every man fights and conquers those elements of his fallen nature as christ fought evil on the cross and that this is part of the continuing process of redemption — indeed its very [state] — was at the heart of their preaching and teaching which developed the monastic piety of an earlier period for a lay audience .

This partial regularisation of the Beguine life-style in enclosed groups with restricted movement and in association with orthodox religious communities , was the condition of their recognition by the Church , and important as a safeguard from the suspicion that their free and irregular communities and enthusiastic piety were breeding grounds for heresy .
this partial regularisation of the beguine life-style in enclosed groups with restricted movement and in association with orthodox religious communities , was the [state] of their recognition by the church , and important as a safeguard from the suspicion that their free and irregular communities and enthusiastic piety were breeding grounds for heresy .

To achieve this he creates a sense of the gap between the speaker and God by contrasting verbs of action which embody a sense of the dynamic power of the love of God to the speaker 's trapped stillness , and then resolves these apparent opposites as he perceives his stillness to be the very condition of the inner movement he desires .
to achieve this he creates a sense of the gap between the speaker and god by contrasting verbs of action which embody a sense of the dynamic power of the love of god to the speaker 's trapped stillness , and then resolves these apparent opposites as he perceives his stillness to be the very [state] of the inner movement he desires .

His deliberately composed meditations exemplify his particularly characteristic gifts as a mystical writer in English — to project the elusive processes of the inner experiences of the human condition as live issues .
his deliberately composed meditations exemplify his particularly characteristic gifts as a mystical writer in english — to project the elusive processes of the inner experiences of the human [state] as live issues .

The technique in Scale 1 is to fuel the recluse 's imaginative understanding of a condition where she can freely maximise her spiritual potential and , at the same time , promote the discipline which allows her to do so .
the technique in scale 1 is to fuel the recluse 's imaginative understanding of a [state] where she can freely maximise her spiritual potential and , at the same time , promote the discipline which allows her to do so .

For Hilton , as for those in the Augustinian tradition , faith is the condition of understanding , nisi credideritis non intelligetis .
for hilton , as for those in the augustinian tradition , faith is the [state] of understanding , nisi credideritis non intelligetis .

The world of shadow is the condition of human knowledge , and imagination deals in the meanings inherent in it but points to the light beyond where it will no longer be of use :
the world of shadow is the [state] of human knowledge , and imagination deals in the meanings inherent in it but points to the light beyond where it will no longer be of use :

The movement is the condition of being in time : and the most sustained metaphor for this process of profiting in grace , that of the journey to Jerusalem , is one with immediate connotations for the medieval reader .
the movement is the [state] of being in time : and the most sustained metaphor for this process of profiting in grace , that of the journey to jerusalem , is one with immediate connotations for the medieval reader .

From 1650 onwards , in partial imitation of Hobbes , a variety of authors managed in their different ways to transform the biblical thesis that civilization reflects a decline from a pristine state of grace into a cynical doctrine which declares that the observed condition of man in society has been superimposed by social restraints or cultural conditioning upon a pre-human condition of animality in which " man " was a solitary brute devoid of any kind of natural humanity .
from 1650 onwards , in partial imitation of hobbes , a variety of authors managed in their different ways to transform the biblical thesis that civilization reflects a decline from a pristine state of grace into a cynical doctrine which declares that the observed [state] of man in society has been superimposed by social restraints or cultural conditioning upon a pre-human [state] of animality in which " man " was a solitary brute devoid of any kind of natural humanity .

But in many societies the position is exactly reversed ; homicide invites private reprisal , while many types of sexual offence lead to public punishment because they are regarded as sins which generate a condition of ritual pollution and thus endanger the whole community .
but in many societies the position is exactly reversed ; homicide invites private reprisal , while many types of sexual offence lead to public punishment because they are regarded as sins which generate a [state] of ritual pollution and thus endanger the whole community .

The social person first moves out of his original position ( role ) ( " the rite of separation " ) ; he then exists for a time in a liminal condition , a threshold of time and space which is outside the ordinary world of secular affairs and is treated as in some way " sacred " ( Van Gennep 's " rite de marge " ) ; finally he moves back into secular society in his new position ( role ) ( " the rite of aggregation " ) .
the social person first moves out of his original position ( role ) ( " the rite of separation " ) ; he then exists for a time in a liminal [state] , a threshold of time and space which is outside the ordinary world of secular affairs and is treated as in some way " sacred " ( van gennep 's " rite de marge " ) ; finally he moves back into secular society in his new position ( role ) ( " the rite of aggregation " ) .

This may arise as a consequence of an unsuccessful or ill-considered approach to a potential purchaser or from the nature ( or financial condition ) of a prospective client and the motive for requesting us to carry out the work .
this may arise as a consequence of an unsuccessful or ill-considered approach to a potential purchaser or from the nature ( or financial [state] ) of a prospective client and the motive for requesting us to carry out the work .

size and condition of sites
size and [state] of sites

If any condition is expressed as being a condition to the obligations of one party only , that party would be able unilaterally to waive the condition .
if any [state] is expressed as being a [state] to the obligations of one party only , that party would be able unilaterally to waive the [state] .

The contract may provide that the obtaining of some or all of these consents is a condition to completion , waivable by the acquirer .
the contract may provide that the obtaining of some or all of these consents is a [state] to completion , waivable by the acquirer .

State and condition of properties .
state and [state] of properties .

The stock is , to the extent that it has not already been used or sold in the ordinary and normal course of trading in good condition and working order and capable of being used or sold in the ordinary and normal course of trading .
the stock is , to the extent that it has not already been used or sold in the ordinary and normal course of trading in good [state] and working order and capable of being used or sold in the ordinary and normal course of trading .

All plant , machinery , vehicles and other equipment used in connection with the Business is in a good and safe state of repair and condition and is not in need of renewal or replacement .
all plant , machinery , vehicles and other equipment used in connection with the business is in a good and safe state of repair and [state] and is not in need of renewal or replacement .

The faint hope offered by Springfield 's diagnosis of Brett 's condition , lent wings to his heels as he raced off down the road towards the vehicles parked at the front gates under Fenton 's care .
the faint hope offered by springfield 's diagnosis of brett 's [state] , lent wings to his heels as he raced off down the road towards the vehicles parked at the front gates under fenton 's care .

Coming into the event at Walton Heath , Murray was languishing in 71st place on the Order of Merit , but worse than that , he had also been warned that an arthritic condition called spondylitis could force him out of the game in little more than a year .
coming into the event at walton heath , murray was languishing in 71st place on the order of merit , but worse than that , he had also been warned that an arthritic [state] called spondylitis could force him out of the game in little more than a year .

Around 500 lovers of nostalgia descended on Deal for the contest and were treated to some excellent golf on the course where the greens were in marvellous condition despite the recent drought .
around 500 lovers of nostalgia descended on deal for the contest and were treated to some excellent golf on the course where the greens were in marvellous [state] despite the recent drought .

The present inquiry examines in what ways the attitudes to new techniques were affected by unique circumstances of our pioneer industrial revolution ; tries to assess the extent to which Victorian businessmen and their successors failed to comprehend that a continuous regard for new techniques was a condition of survival in a competitive system ; considers the effects of two World Wars on technical innovation ; and presents the achievements and failures in a broad historical context .
the present inquiry examines in what ways the attitudes to new techniques were affected by unique circumstances of our pioneer industrial revolution ; tries to assess the extent to which victorian businessmen and their successors failed to comprehend that a continuous regard for new techniques was a [state] of survival in a competitive system ; considers the effects of two world wars on technical innovation ; and presents the achievements and failures in a broad historical context .

However , the management and financing of capital assets in the public sector has given rise to many problem areas , such as those associated with capital controls and deferred purchase arrangements in local authorities , poor asset utilisation , deteriorating physical condition and problems of financing asset replacement , and questions of how capital should be incorporated into devolved budgetary arrangements , such as the Financial Management Initiative in central government .
however , the management and financing of capital assets in the public sector has given rise to many problem areas , such as those associated with capital controls and deferred purchase arrangements in local authorities , poor asset utilisation , deteriorating physical [state] and problems of financing asset replacement , and questions of how capital should be incorporated into devolved budgetary arrangements , such as the financial management initiative in central government .

In some cases , the condition is debilitating and not unlike grief or depression .
in some cases , the [state] is debilitating and not unlike grief or depression .

In this climate , the idea of planning gain has been floated as a means of reconciling development and conservation by making a ‘ green ’ component , such a nature reserve , a necessary condition for permitting a development scheme to go ahead .
in this climate , the idea of planning gain has been floated as a means of reconciling development and conservation by making a ‘ green ’ component , such a nature reserve , a necessary [state] for permitting a development scheme to go ahead .

Band members have , however , worked hard to restore the hall to its original condition and this work is close to completion .
band members have , however , worked hard to restore the hall to its original [state] and this work is close to completion .

Ferguson claims he is in the best condition of his career and is completely focused .
ferguson claims he is in the best [state] of his career and is completely focused .

The Queen , who is due to visit Balmoral in the next few weeks , was immediately informed of her mother 's condition .
the queen , who is due to visit balmoral in the next few weeks , was immediately informed of her mother 's [state] .

All six , who are receiving artificial ventilation , were in a stable condition , said a hospital spokesman .
all six , who are receiving artificial ventilation , were in a stable [state] , said a hospital spokesman .

Condition of malaria victim now ‘ stable'
[state] of malaria victim now ‘ stable'

In the past GPs were free to refer patients to the specialist and hospital which both felt most appropriate to the patient 's medical condition .
in the past gps were free to refer patients to the specialist and hospital which both felt most appropriate to the patient 's medical [state] .

The condition of the man , who was rushed to Coleraine Hospital , was said late last night to be ‘ very comfortable ’ .
the [state] of the man , who was rushed to coleraine hospital , was said late last night to be ‘ very comfortable ’ .

One remained in a ‘ comfortable ’ condition at Craigavon Area Hospital and two were transferred to Belfast 's Royal Victoria for further treatment .
one remained in a ‘ comfortable ’ [state] at craigavon area hospital and two were transferred to belfast 's royal victoria for further treatment .

What he fails to grasp is that if that obstetric experience is withdrawn from Downpatrick , then there will be no selection of patients whatsoever and all will have to make their way to Belfast or Lisburn irrespective of clinical condition .
what he fails to grasp is that if that obstetric experience is withdrawn from downpatrick , then there will be no selection of patients whatsoever and all will have to make their way to belfast or lisburn irrespective of clinical [state] .

Cracks in bitumen felt can be sealed with a bitumen mastic , but even if you find the roof surface in relatively good condition , it would be a good idea to give it a nice thick coat of roofing compound , such as Isoflex , by Roncraft .
cracks in bitumen felt can be sealed with a bitumen mastic , but even if you find the roof surface in relatively good [state] , it would be a good idea to give it a nice thick coat of roofing compound , such as isoflex , by roncraft .

It seeks to discover how far recent crowd eruptions reflect feelings about the condition of the community rather than wider national concerns .
it seeks to discover how far recent crowd eruptions reflect feelings about the [state] of the community rather than wider national concerns .

He had fought cancer of the tongue for almost two years before his wedding but his condition had gradually deteriorated .
he had fought cancer of the tongue for almost two years before his wedding but his [state] had gradually deteriorated .

‘ Sometimes the only way to deal with the condition is to allow the legal process to take effect , ’ said Dr McGarry .
‘ sometimes the only way to deal with the [state] is to allow the legal process to take effect , ’ said dr mcgarry .

The man is in the hospital 's intensive care unit and his condition was very serious .
the man is in the hospital 's intensive care unit and his [state] was very serious .

It ordered Edward to destroy what he has laboured so hard to create , and restore the narrow strip of land to its original condition within 28 days and close a gateway onto the road .
it ordered edward to destroy what he has laboured so hard to create , and restore the narrow strip of land to its original [state] within 28 days and close a gateway onto the road .

It was a mistake made in the context of over-enthusiasm for a solution to what is a nasty condition for a number of people , ’ he said .
it was a mistake made in the context of over-enthusiasm for a solution to what is a nasty [state] for a number of people , ’ he said .

He added that Mr O'Reilly had been a pharmacist for 42 years and was ‘ genuinely although misguidedly attempting to help people suffering from this terrible condition ’ .
he added that mr o'reilly had been a pharmacist for 42 years and was ‘ genuinely although misguidedly attempting to help people suffering from this terrible [state] ’ .

Physical or structural characteristics , form of construction or condition ;
physical or structural characteristics , form of construction or [state] ;

In court he was ordered as a bail condition to stay away from the plant .
in court he was ordered as a bail [state] to stay away from the plant .

These special categories , forming a substantial part of the collection , present special difficulties because of their age , condition and value .
these special categories , forming a substantial part of the collection , present special difficulties because of their age , [state] and value .

The historical archives collection , whilst now in reasonable physical condition , and in ‘ primary-sort ’ order ( principally by the Regius Keeper at the date of the correspondence ) , is unindexed .
the historical archives collection , whilst now in reasonable physical [state] , and in ‘ primary-sort ’ order ( principally by the regius keeper at the date of the correspondence ) , is unindexed .

The Library issues floras on loan to staff on condition that they remain in the building , and accessible to other Library users during normal working hours .
the library issues floras on loan to staff on [state] that they remain in the building , and accessible to other library users during normal working hours .

With this condition of high inertia the pull-out torque is equal to the maximum average torque which can be produced by the motor .
with this [state] of high inertia the pull-out torque is equal to the maximum average torque which can be produced by the motor .

With a hardware.intensive approach this level of control sophistication is not usually available and the control circuit generates an approximation to the optimal operating condition , e.g .
with a hardware.intensive approach this level of control sophistication is not usually available and the control circuit generates an approximation to the optimal operating [state] , e.g .

When the target is attained the counter contents are zero and this condition is signalled to the microprocessor , which then sends a stop signal to the clock .
when the target is attained the counter contents are zero and this [state] is signalled to the microprocessor , which then sends a stop signal to the clock .

He was removed from that medrese and then became muderris there a second time `` with the condition that it should be included among the and that his should become in his [ proper ] time in accordance with the custom in similar medreses ' .
he was removed from that medrese and then became muderris there a second time `` with the [state] that it should be included among the and that his should become in his [ proper ] time in accordance with the custom in similar medreses ' .

One could say : `` The boundary condition of the universe is that it has no boundary . ``
one could say : `` the boundary [state] of the universe is that it has no boundary . ``

In the simplified models that have been examined so far , this probability turns out to be high ; that is , the proposed no boundary condition leads to the prediction that it is extremely probable that the present rate of expansion of the universe is almost the same in each direction .
in the simplified models that have been examined so far , this probability turns out to be high ; that is , the proposed no boundary [state] leads to the prediction that it is extremely probable that the present rate of expansion of the universe is almost the same in each direction .

Further predictions of the no boundary condition are currently being worked out .
further predictions of the no boundary [state] are currently being worked out .

Thus disorder will tend to increase with time if the system obeys an initial condition of high order .
thus disorder will tend to increase with time if the system obeys an initial [state] of high order .

So the disorder of the pieces will probably increase with time if the pieces obey the initial condition that they start off in a condition of high order .
so the disorder of the pieces will probably increase with time if the pieces obey the initial [state] that they start off in a [state] of high order .

One could avoid this difficulty of having to describe what we do not and can not know only if the histories satisfy the no boundary condition : they are finite in extent but have no boundaries , edges , or singularities .
one could avoid this difficulty of having to describe what we do not and can not know only if the histories satisfy the no boundary [state] : they are finite in extent but have no boundaries , edges , or singularities .

The no boundary condition , however , implied that these fluctuations were as small as they could be , consistent with the uncertainty principle .
the no boundary [state] , however , implied that these fluctuations were as small as they could be , consistent with the uncertainty principle .

The question is : Is it implied by the no boundary condition , or is it inconsistent with that condition ?
the question is : is it implied by the no boundary [state] , or is it inconsistent with that [state] ?

Rather , it is that the no boundary condition causes disorder to increase and the conditions to be suitable for intelligent life only in the expanding phase .
rather , it is that the no boundary [state] causes disorder to increase and the conditions to be suitable for intelligent life only in the expanding phase .

She should have told Mrs Trotter that she was in no condition to deliver forty dinners , obstructed at every turn by Miss Poraway .
she should have told mrs trotter that she was in no [state] to deliver forty dinners , obstructed at every turn by miss poraway .

The boy 's unfortunately unsober condition and his inadequate ability to express himself had clearly made for confusion .
the boy 's unfortunately unsober [state] and his inadequate ability to express himself had clearly made for confusion .

It was a condition of life in St Jude 's .
it was a [state] of life in st jude 's .

He came back to spend his fortune on repairing Baskerville Hall and its farms and villages , as the buildings and lands were in very poor condition .
he came back to spend his fortune on repairing baskerville hall and its farms and villages , as the buildings and lands were in very poor [state] .

What finally decided her to accept was his ready agreement to her one condition , that a shipboard romance was definitely off limits .
what finally decided her to accept was his ready agreement to her one [state] , that a shipboard romance was definitely off limits .

We put her through the drain , `` Andrew explained her condition to Dada .
we put her through the drain , `` andrew explained her [state] to dada .

She remembered the horrid phrase : `` in her condition `` — tears were close . ``
she remembered the horrid phrase : `` in her [state] `` — tears were close . ``

Yet so much has been written about the wonders of the Roman road system that probably not enough allowance is made for their often poor condition .
yet so much has been written about the wonders of the roman road system that probably not enough allowance is made for their often poor [state] .

Peaker ( 1974 ) sees investment as a necessary , but by no means sufficient condition for economic growth .
peaker ( 1974 ) sees investment as a necessary , but by no means sufficient [state] for economic growth .

As a result of agreement between the government and the Stock Exchange in 1983 the case was dropped , on condition that the Stock Exchange investigate ways to liberalize its trading arrangements .
as a result of agreement between the government and the stock exchange in 1983 the case was dropped , on [state] that the stock exchange investigate ways to liberalize its trading arrangements .

‘ The goods are warranted to be in perfect condition on leaving the factory ’ ) is broken , then the manufacturer is liable , subject to the qualifications in the guarantee .
‘ the goods are warranted to be in perfect [state] on leaving the factory ’ ) is broken , then the manufacturer is liable , subject to the qualifications in the guarantee .

to restrict the buyer 's remedies ( e.g. to prevent him from rejecting the goods and to confine him to damages for breach of condition ) ;
to restrict the buyer 's remedies ( e.g. to prevent him from rejecting the goods and to confine him to damages for breach of [state] ) ;

to make the enforcement of any remedy subject to a restrictive condition ( e.g. ‘ Seller accepts no liability unless the goods are first returned to him carriage paid ’ ) .
to make the enforcement of any remedy subject to a restrictive [state] ( e.g. ‘ seller accepts no liability unless the goods are first returned to him carriage paid ’ ) .

‘ The matters to which regard is to be had in particular … are any of the following which appear to be relevant — ; ( a ) the strength of the bargaining positions of the parties relative to each other , taking into account ( among other things ) alternative means by which the customer 's requirements could have been met ; ( b ) whether the customer received an inducement to agree to the term , or in accepting it had an opportunity of entering into a similar contract with other persons , but without having to accept a similar term ; ( c ) whether the customer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the existence of the term ( having regard , among other things , to any custom of the trade and any previous course of dealing between the parties ) ; ( d ) where the term excludes or restricts any relevant liability if some condition is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at the time of the contract to expect that compliance with that condition would be practic-able ; ( e ) whether the goods were manufactured , processed or adapted to the special order of the customer . ’
‘ the matters to which regard is to be had in particular … are any of the following which appear to be relevant — ; ( a ) the strength of the bargaining positions of the parties relative to each other , taking into account ( among other things ) alternative means by which the customer 's requirements could have been met ; ( b ) whether the customer received an inducement to agree to the term , or in accepting it had an opportunity of entering into a similar contract with other persons , but without having to accept a similar term ; ( c ) whether the customer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the existence of the term ( having regard , among other things , to any custom of the trade and any previous course of dealing between the parties ) ; ( d ) where the term excludes or restricts any relevant liability if some [state] is not complied with , whether it was reasonable at the time of the contract to expect that compliance with that [state] would be practic-able ; ( e ) whether the goods were manufactured , processed or adapted to the special order of the customer . ’

We have already seen ( paragraph 7–05 ) that the time of delivery is normally ‘ of the essence , ’ i.e. if a delivery date is stipulated and the seller can not make delivery by that date , that is a breach of condition and the buyer is entitled to repudiate the contract and sue for non-delivery .
we have already seen ( paragraph 7–05 ) that the time of delivery is normally ‘ of the essence , ’ i.e. if a delivery date is stipulated and the seller can not make delivery by that date , that is a breach of [state] and the buyer is entitled to repudiate the contract and sue for non-delivery .

If he fails to do so , he is in breach of condition ; the buyer can treat the contract as repudiated and sue for non-delivery .
if he fails to do so , he is in breach of [state] ; the buyer can treat the contract as repudiated and sue for non-delivery .

In the case of a severable contract , acceptance of one or more instalments does not preclude rejection of later instalments for breach of condition , section 11 ( 4 ) .
in the case of a severable contract , acceptance of one or more instalments does not preclude rejection of later instalments for breach of [state] , section 11 ( 4 ) .

It is not wrongful if he has rightfully rejected the goods for breach of condition .
it is not wrongful if he has rightfully rejected the goods for breach of [state] .

‘ ( a ) when the whole of the price has not been paid or tendered ; ( b ) when a bill of exchange or other negotiable instrument has been received as conditional payment , and the condition on which it was received has not been fulfilled by reason of the dishonour of the instrument or otherwise . ’
‘ ( a ) when the whole of the price has not been paid or tendered ; ( b ) when a bill of exchange or other negotiable instrument has been received as conditional payment , and the [state] on which it was received has not been fulfilled by reason of the dishonour of the instrument or otherwise . ’

Unless the seller commits a breach of condition or commits a breach of warranty which is so serious as to deprive the buyer of substantially the whole benefit of the contract , the buyer has no right to reject the goods or recover the price ( see paragraph 7–04 above ) .
unless the seller commits a breach of [state] or commits a breach of warranty which is so serious as to deprive the buyer of substantially the whole benefit of the contract , the buyer has no right to reject the goods or recover the price ( see paragraph 7–04 above ) .

Faced with a breach of condition , the buyer 's choice is either to reject or to accept the goods .
faced with a breach of [state] , the buyer 's choice is either to reject or to accept the goods .

If the distributor 's buyer opens them up and finds them not to comply with a condition in his contract he may reject them .
if the distributor 's buyer opens them up and finds them not to comply with a [state] in his contract he may reject them .

If they also do not comply with a condition in the contract between the manufacturer and distributor , the latter may also reject them .
if they also do not comply with a [state] in the contract between the manufacturer and distributor , the latter may also reject them .

This may be particularly relevant where the seller is , to the buyer 's knowledge , in breach of condition before the goods are delivered .
this may be particularly relevant where the seller is , to the buyer 's knowledge , in breach of [state] before the goods are delivered .

If the buyer indicates that he will nevertheless accept delivery in spite of the breach of condition , that may well amount to waiver ( see Rickards v. Oppenheim , paragraph 7–05 above ) .
if the buyer indicates that he will nevertheless accept delivery in spite of the breach of [state] , that may well amount to waiver ( see rickards v. oppenheim , paragraph 7–05 above ) .

The buyer 's right to treat the contract as repudiated arises in the same circumstances as his right to reject the goods , i. e. if the seller commits a breach of condition or a breach of warranty which deprives the buyer of substantially the whole benefit of the contract ( see paragraph 7–04 , above ) .
the buyer 's right to treat the contract as repudiated arises in the same circumstances as his right to reject the goods , i. e. if the seller commits a breach of [state] or a breach of warranty which deprives the buyer of substantially the whole benefit of the contract ( see paragraph 7–04 , above ) .

The buyer can claim damages for non-delivery or for breach of any other condition or warranty .
the buyer can claim damages for non-delivery or for breach of any other [state] or warranty .

It also applies where the buyer exercises his right to reject the goods and treat the contract as repudiated because of a breach of condition .
it also applies where the buyer exercises his right to reject the goods and treat the contract as repudiated because of a breach of [state] .

Late delivery by the seller will normally be a breach of condition ( see paragraph 7–05 above ) .
late delivery by the seller will normally be a breach of [state] ( see paragraph 7–05 above ) .

If the buyer rejects the goods for breach of condition , his damages are assessed as m the case of non-delivery .
if the buyer rejects the goods for breach of [state] , his damages are assessed as m the case of non-delivery .

Breach of condition
breach of [state]

The expression ‘ new ’ in relation to a vehicle is capable of meaning not just in new condition but also that the car has not been registered .
the expression ‘ new ’ in relation to a vehicle is capable of meaning not just in new [state] but also that the car has not been registered .

If the car dealer had made extensive enquiries of previous owners as to the accuracy of the odometer reading , then the defence is likely to succeed , especially if the general condition of the car was consistent with the mileage recorded on the odometer .
if the car dealer had made extensive enquiries of previous owners as to the accuracy of the odometer reading , then the defence is likely to succeed , especially if the general [state] of the car was consistent with the mileage recorded on the odometer .

It is that in a conditional sale agreement the passing of property to the buyer is expressly postponed until some condition ( usually all the instalments being paid ) is fulfilled .
it is that in a conditional sale agreement the passing of property to the buyer is expressly postponed until some [state] ( usually all the instalments being paid ) is fulfilled .

In a credit sale agreement there is no such condition to the passing of property and the goods therefore normally become the buyer 's immediately the contract is made ( Sale of Goods Act , section 18 , Rule 1 ) .
in a credit sale agreement there is no such [state] to the passing of property and the goods therefore normally become the buyer 's immediately the contract is made ( sale of goods act , section 18 , rule 1 ) .

Intriguingly , Seldes agreed , on one condition — that he had a column , and it appeared every week .
intriguingly , seldes agreed , on one [state] — that he had a column , and it appeared every week .

All the information they got should be pooled , the only condition was that each paper was sent to every other paper , and that all could pick up anything they wanted .
all the information they got should be pooled , the only [state] was that each paper was sent to every other paper , and that all could pick up anything they wanted .

The Law Society has successfully resisted a judicial review application by Mr Raymond Curtin concerning imposition of a condition on his practising certificate by an Assistant Director of the Solicitors complaints Bureau .
the law society has successfully resisted a judicial review application by mr raymond curtin concerning imposition of a [state] on his practising certificate by an assistant director of the solicitors complaints bureau .

Mr Curtin had been suspended from practice for three months in 1991 by the Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal and the condition imposed by an Assistant Director of the Solicitors Complaints Bureau when Mr Curtin applied for renewal of his practising certificate was that of practising only in approved employment , as opposed to in approved partnership , which had been the condition applicable to Mr Curtin 's certificate prior to his suspension from practice .
mr curtin had been suspended from practice for three months in 1991 by the solicitors disciplinary tribunal and the [state] imposed by an assistant director of the solicitors complaints bureau when mr curtin applied for renewal of his practising certificate was that of practising only in approved employment , as opposed to in approved partnership , which had been the [state] applicable to mr curtin 's certificate prior to his suspension from practice .

So for example , to find all the recordings of music by Bach you would specify a condition meaning composer equals Bach .
so for example , to find all the recordings of music by bach you would specify a [state] meaning composer equals bach .

In this condition she was hardly a siren , she thought with an ironic little smile .
in this [state] she was hardly a siren , she thought with an ironic little smile .

‘ It 's a condition known as shock , ’ she informed him tightly .
‘ it 's a [state] known as shock , ’ she informed him tightly .

One reason for this was , of course , that since he had been dead for three months his eyes were in any case not in the best of condition .
one reason for this was , of course , that since he had been dead for three months his eyes were in any case not in the best of [state] .

Angelica Kauffman 's history is bound up with the elite classes whose rituals of social dominance included visiting her in her fashionable studio in Golden Square , Soho , or commissioning a portrait or a decorative ensemble from this latest London novelty ( who was , of course , a really fine artist and being fashionable then was not a pejorative condition when fashionability was synonymous with being part of ‘ society ’ ) .
angelica kauffman 's history is bound up with the elite classes whose rituals of social dominance included visiting her in her fashionable studio in golden square , soho , or commissioning a portrait or a decorative ensemble from this latest london novelty ( who was , of course , a really fine artist and being fashionable then was not a pejorative [state] when fashionability was synonymous with being part of ‘ society ’ ) .

Such an immaculately synchronised performance between two figures seeks totally to control and condition our attention .
such an immaculately synchronised performance between two figures seeks totally to control and [state] our attention .

Blood samples are drawn during transport to establish patient condition , to evaluate efficacy of cardiopulmonary support and as a baseline for quality control of the sterile technique employed during perfusion .
blood samples are drawn during transport to establish patient [state] , to evaluate efficacy of cardiopulmonary support and as a baseline for quality control of the sterile technique employed during perfusion .

It is a permanent human condition .
it is a permanent human [state] .

It is obvious that her cares very deeply about the theatre and acting , from the teaching of drama itself to the condition of theatre countrywide .
it is obvious that her cares very deeply about the theatre and acting , from the teaching of drama itself to the [state] of theatre countrywide .

This is just fine for taking the patient 's temperature , and assessing its current condition , but for a feel for the long-term overall health of our business the opinions from author 's agents are a better guide .
this is just fine for taking the patient 's temperature , and assessing its current [state] , but for a feel for the long-term overall health of our business the opinions from author 's agents are a better guide .

The theta temperature is a well defined state of the polymer solution at which the excluded volume effects are eliminated and the polymer coil is in an unperturbed condition ( see chapter 10 ) .
the theta temperature is a well defined state of the polymer solution at which the excluded volume effects are eliminated and the polymer coil is in an unperturbed [state] ( see chapter 10 ) .

In the sedimentation equilibrium experiments the condition for equilibrium requires that the total potential , µ∼ , must be constant in all parts of the system .
in the sedimentation equilibrium experiments the [state] for equilibrium requires that the total potential , µ∼ , must be constant in all parts of the system .

If the stress is applied for a short time , then removed , the sample snaps back to its original length suggesting that some ‘ memory ’ of its initial unstretched condition is retained .
if the stress is applied for a short time , then removed , the sample snaps back to its original length suggesting that some ‘ memory ’ of its initial unstretched [state] is retained .

Under conditions of constant shear strain the relation becomes and if the boundary condition is assumed that at zero time , the solution to this equation is where σ o is the initial stress immediately after stretching the polymer .
under conditions of constant shear strain the relation becomes and if the boundary [state] is assumed that at zero time , the solution to this equation is where σ o is the initial stress immediately after stretching the polymer .

‘ Mint condition , uncut leaves .
‘ mint [state] , uncut leaves .

He seemed anxious about its condition .
he seemed anxious about its [state] .

Later redefinition of the goal as ‘ providing transportation ’ removed the blinkers that had prevented them from realizing that cars were made largely in Detroit but had to be received in good condition in every State , and that driving them to their destination was expensive .
later redefinition of the goal as ‘ providing transportation ’ removed the blinkers that had prevented them from realizing that cars were made largely in detroit but had to be received in good [state] in every state , and that driving them to their destination was expensive .

This must condition the designer in all that he does .
this must [state] the designer in all that he does .

Such was not the condition of Scotia , whose disparate regions , lacking the same resources and manpower , had begun to knit together under a King whose descent embraced them all .
such was not the [state] of scotia , whose disparate regions , lacking the same resources and manpower , had begun to knit together under a king whose descent embraced them all .

The results might have been worse : a number of cattle lost from one side to the other , some barns and carts burned , and half a dozen women held hostage and returned in other than mint condition .
the results might have been worse : a number of cattle lost from one side to the other , some barns and carts burned , and half a dozen women held hostage and returned in other than mint [state] .

Gould was clearly reluctant to return to Tasmania so soon , when so many novelties awaited him in and beyond the cedar-brushes of the Liverpool Range . Begrudgingly , he details his plans , as promised , to return to Hobart , emphasising , perhaps a little unfairly given his wife 's condition , the inconvenience this would entail :
gould was clearly reluctant to return to tasmania so soon , when so many novelties awaited him in and beyond the cedar-brushes of the liverpool range . begrudgingly , he details his plans , as promised , to return to hobart , emphasising , perhaps a little unfairly given his wife 's [state] , the inconvenience this would entail :

Another container was received in an even more chaotic condition :
another container was received in an even more chaotic [state] :

When a medical condition is taken as central to Disabled people 's lives , every thing is tinged with therapeutic objectives .
when a medical [state] is taken as central to disabled people 's lives , every thing is tinged with therapeutic objectives .

Among such examples are those at Trani , Troia and Ravello , all of late twelfth century date and still in good condition .
among such examples are those at trani , troia and ravello , all of late twelfth century date and still in good [state] .

It was drastically restored in the late nineteenth century from a ruined condition and with the aid of drawings .
it was drastically restored in the late nineteenth century from a ruined [state] and with the aid of drawings .

Remains exist of one or two stone Romanesque rotunda churches in Prague , but these are in poor condition and are , in general , small and primitive .
remains exist of one or two stone romanesque rotunda churches in prague , but these are in poor [state] and are , in general , small and primitive .

Restored , it is in good condition and retains its later , eighteenth century furniture and wall paintings .
restored , it is in good [state] and retains its later , eighteenth century furniture and wall paintings .

In this fine , lonely situation , the little church is in good condition .
in this fine , lonely situation , the little church is in good [state] .

Elsewhere , the condition of many of the great monuments ranges from shabby to ruinous .
elsewhere , the [state] of many of the great monuments ranges from shabby to ruinous .

There is also an example in good condition at Härkeberga , a tiny village southwest of Uppsala .
there is also an example in good [state] at härkeberga , a tiny village southwest of uppsala .

As a student , one is fortunate to have a mind nurtured into a condition to be open to such experiences and benefit from such insight .
as a student , one is fortunate to have a mind nurtured into a [state] to be open to such experiences and benefit from such insight .

First aid , exits , the condition of floors and walkways , waste bins , benches , tool cupboards , machines and lighting all come under the eye of the monitors .
first aid , exits , the [state] of floors and walkways , waste bins , benches , tool cupboards , machines and lighting all come under the eye of the monitors .

This is a condition affecting the events which trigger the operation and will enable the triggering of that operation .
this is a [state] affecting the events which trigger the operation and will enable the triggering of that operation .

This condition can relate to the value of the properties carried by the events and to the number of occurrences of the events .
this [state] can relate to the value of the properties carried by the events and to the number of occurrences of the events .

When the West Country clothiers ' advocate William Temple wanted in 1739 to point to the advantages of the weavers , he stressed that it was their family earnings which lifted them above the condition of the farm worker .
when the west country clothiers ' advocate william temple wanted in 1739 to point to the advantages of the weavers , he stressed that it was their family earnings which lifted them above the [state] of the farm worker .

But even in the era of `` free `` child labour it can have mollified the condition of only a minority .
but even in the era of `` free `` child labour it can have mollified the [state] of only a minority .

Only in the most favourable circumstances could towns away from the coast or navigable rivers grow to much of a size , a condition emphasised by Adam Smith .
only in the most favourable circumstances could towns away from the coast or navigable rivers grow to much of a size , a [state] emphasised by adam smith .

In his survey of the condition of the labouring poor in 1797 , Eden contrasted the persistent degree of self-sufficiency in the north with an almost total market dependence on the part of southern labourers .
in his survey of the [state] of the labouring poor in 1797 , eden contrasted the persistent degree of self-sufficiency in the north with an almost total market dependence on the part of southern labourers .

If , he argues , the misery of large numbers of the agricultural and manufacturing proletariats at the end of the eighteenth century had been the general condition of the labouring population throughout the century , then industrialisation could not have taken place for it depended on `` the home sales of articles of everyday life to a section of the labour force which was neither very poor nor very rich `` but which wielded an effective purchasing power in the face of many difficulties .
if , he argues , the misery of large numbers of the agricultural and manufacturing proletariats at the end of the eighteenth century had been the general [state] of the labouring population throughout the century , then industrialisation could not have taken place for it depended on `` the home sales of articles of everyday life to a section of the labour force which was neither very poor nor very rich `` but which wielded an effective purchasing power in the face of many difficulties .

‘ Yet why should this condition be ?
‘ yet why should this [state] be ?

‘ Or perhaps guilt has always been a condition of man , since the early days of the world , before time rolled out like a long slumber across the universe .
‘ or perhaps guilt has always been a [state] of man , since the early days of the world , before time rolled out like a long slumber across the universe .

If the existing carpet is in reasonable condition but you 're sick to death of it you could add rugs to cheer it up .
if the existing carpet is in reasonable [state] but you 're sick to death of it you could add rugs to cheer it up .

If it is in very bad condition but you really ca n't afford to buy new carpet then see what the floor is like underneath .
if it is in very bad [state] but you really ca n't afford to buy new carpet then see what the floor is like underneath .

If the upholstery is still in too good a condition to change , add plain coloured cushions in one of the colours taken from a patterned fabric or patterned ones if the upholstery is plain .
if the upholstery is still in too good a [state] to change , add plain coloured cushions in one of the colours taken from a patterned fabric or patterned ones if the upholstery is plain .

If the plaster is still in reasonable condition , have the walls lined with bitumen paper or brush them with a waterproofing liquid , adding battens treated with a preservative , and hang with plasterboard to make a new surface in front of the old one .
if the plaster is still in reasonable [state] , have the walls lined with bitumen paper or brush them with a waterproofing liquid , adding battens treated with a preservative , and hang with plasterboard to make a new surface in front of the old one .

Wood floors in reasonable condition — that is to say , without gaps , splits and frayed or splintered ends — can be made to look like new with some sanding and polishing .
wood floors in reasonable [state] — that is to say , without gaps , splits and frayed or splintered ends — can be made to look like new with some sanding and polishing .

If you can not have any natural material for some reason , keep your bare boards , scraped , sanded and sealed , or painted if the boards are in bad condition or have vinyl or composition tiles .
if you can not have any natural material for some reason , keep your bare boards , scraped , sanded and sealed , or painted if the boards are in bad [state] or have vinyl or composition tiles .

If floorboards are in reasonable condition , they could be stripped , sanded and polished .
if floorboards are in reasonable [state] , they could be stripped , sanded and polished .

Maggie was still not in any condition to argue and she found herself following him to the dark little bar , almost running a gauntlet of greetings from the men standing around .
maggie was still not in any [state] to argue and she found herself following him to the dark little bar , almost running a gauntlet of greetings from the men standing around .

She thinks you suspect her and it seems to me that everything adds up to a good cause for her condition .
she thinks you suspect her and it seems to me that everything adds up to a good cause for her [state] .

Theda had been horrified to discover , by daylight that next day , how filthy was the condition in which the poor lady was left .
theda had been horrified to discover , by daylight that next day , how filthy was the [state] in which the poor lady was left .

‘ On the contrary , your condition appears to me to be markedly different .
‘ on the contrary , your [state] appears to me to be markedly different .

Distress smote Theda as she took in his condition and knew herself to be the cause of it .
distress smote theda as she took in his [state] and knew herself to be the cause of it .

‘ What is the use of doing up the house , if you are to leave yourself in the same poor condition ? ’ demanded Rose .
‘ what is the use of doing up the house , if you are to leave yourself in the same poor [state] ? ’ demanded rose .

But she had not spoken before Taggy took in her condition .
but she had not spoken before taggy took in her [state] .

‘ 'The call to abandon their illusions about their condition is a call to abandon a condition which requires illusions .
‘ 'the call to abandon their illusions about their [state] is a call to abandon a [state] which requires illusions .

Too near the upper bound is better , since spreading can be corrected for , but unfortunately earlier trials showed that spreading is increased for subjects close together , a condition which will be common for grass canopies .
too near the upper bound is better , since spreading can be corrected for , but unfortunately earlier trials showed that spreading is increased for subjects close together , a [state] which will be common for grass canopies .

She stared down at the scattered glass shimmering in the blackened water , remembered stories of people drowning in only inches of water and acknowledged her condition with a sinking heart .
she stared down at the scattered glass shimmering in the blackened water , remembered stories of people drowning in only inches of water and acknowledged her [state] with a sinking heart .

‘ You should n't try to talk , not in your condition .
‘ you should n't try to talk , not in your [state] .

He had lifted her into his arms before she could protest , although in truth she hardly felt in any condition to trek back up the incline towards the barn .
he had lifted her into his arms before she could protest , although in truth she hardly felt in any [state] to trek back up the incline towards the barn .

If the third condition is satisfied then the required value for the trigram is stored in the i — j — k — value at that index .
if the third [state] is satisfied then the required value for the trigram is stored in the i — j — k — value at that index .

Cal and Lorraine accept drinks , Megan 's button-faced little ones slither off to watch television , and the eight of us sit drinking and lost for conversation , once the civilities of work and children and Siobhan 's condition have been done with .
cal and lorraine accept drinks , megan 's button-faced little ones slither off to watch television , and the eight of us sit drinking and lost for conversation , once the civilities of work and children and siobhan 's [state] have been done with .

You are in no condition to go any where .
you are in no [state] to go any where .

‘ Your work is still creating interest , and the women of the Fabian Society are talking of following it up with a scientific examination of the social and economic condition of the women in the poorer parts of London , carrying on where Booth in his great survey of poverty left off .
‘ your work is still creating interest , and the women of the fabian society are talking of following it up with a scientific examination of the social and economic [state] of the women in the poorer parts of london , carrying on where booth in his great survey of poverty left off .

‘ No one who has not lived among them knows how hard their lives are , how wretched their condition , could imagine what they suffer .
‘ no one who has not lived among them knows how hard their lives are , how wretched their [state] , could imagine what they suffer .

At forty-one , six feet two and a half inches tall , with the face of a handsome pirate and the body of an athlete in tip-top condition , Jared was worth two of anyone 's looks , and his serenely beautiful blonde wife Mary was no less remarkable .
at forty-one , six feet two and a half inches tall , with the face of a handsome pirate and the body of an athlete in tip-top [state] , jared was worth two of anyone 's looks , and his serenely beautiful blonde wife mary was no less remarkable .

It is an all-purpose complaint , one that can be invoked by a frustrated middle class to express its dashed expectations in the wake of Brazil 's decanonized ‘ Economic Miracle ’ , by the urban working class to express their condition of relative powerlessness , and by an impoverished class of displaced sugar-cane cutters and their families to express their hunger .
it is an all-purpose complaint , one that can be invoked by a frustrated middle class to express its dashed expectations in the wake of brazil 's decanonized ‘ economic miracle ’ , by the urban working class to express their [state] of relative powerlessness , and by an impoverished class of displaced sugar-cane cutters and their families to express their hunger .

But the state of a country 's mental health lies not only in the fate of its hospital patients but also in the general condition of its people .
but the state of a country 's mental health lies not only in the fate of its hospital patients but also in the general [state] of its people .

The Vietnamese were appalled at the idea of a woman undergoing a trip in such a condition and in the end their forebodings proved justified : Elizabeth lost her baby .
the vietnamese were appalled at the idea of a woman undergoing a trip in such a [state] and in the end their forebodings proved justified : elizabeth lost her baby .

The condition results in a dramatic disturbance of thought and feeling .
the [state] results in a dramatic disturbance of thought and feeling .

Is my hon. Friend saying that imposing a condition to help a class of worker is quite likely to disadvantage that very class ? For example , insisting on conditions that would in theory make the employment of women more likely often has the opposite effect .
is my hon. friend saying that imposing a [state] to help a class of worker is quite likely to disadvantage that very class ? for example , insisting on conditions that would in theory make the employment of women more likely often has the opposite effect .

They can keep records of the attendances of a patient at the surgery , the clinical condition of the patient and the prescriptions written for the patient .
they can keep records of the attendances of a patient at the surgery , the clinical [state] of the patient and the prescriptions written for the patient .

Our experience of people in that condition is that they are not in a steady state so , rightly , the prescription must be altered almost day by day according to the pain of the patient .
our experience of people in that [state] is that they are not in a steady state so , rightly , the prescription must be altered almost day by day according to the pain of the patient .

62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert — ( ) The terms and conditions on which the Secretary of State may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular conditions — ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other condition subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other condition remains unpaid , but shall not relate to the application by the college council to which the grant is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the Secretary of State . '
62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert — ( ) the terms and conditions on which the secretary of state may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular conditions — ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other [state] subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other [state] remains unpaid , but shall not relate to the application by the college council to which the grant is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the secretary of state . '

Is the hon. Member aware that the companies argue that responsibility lies not with them but with their contractors ? We pointed out to the companies that they let the contracts , and could therefore require trade union representation as a condition of awarding them .
is the hon. member aware that the companies argue that responsibility lies not with them but with their contractors ? we pointed out to the companies that they let the contracts , and could therefore require trade union representation as a [state] of awarding them .

‘ Grye 's in good condition .
‘ grye 's in good [state] .

Giles Aplin rode from Burford and was delighted to learn of the improvement in her condition .
giles aplin rode from burford and was delighted to learn of the improvement in her [state] .

The door was flung open and Meredith Putt stood in the doorway , unshaven , unwashed and wild-eyed , his condition startling the messenger .
the door was flung open and meredith putt stood in the doorway , unshaven , unwashed and wild-eyed , his [state] startling the messenger .

Would you believe that the sight of her in that condition made me feel differently about her ?
would you believe that the sight of her in that [state] made me feel differently about her ?

Benches were wiped , floors were swept , and within a short time Ling 's kitchen had been restored to the pristine condition in which they had found it .
benches were wiped , floors were swept , and within a short time ling 's kitchen had been restored to the pristine [state] in which they had found it .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment if he will make a statement on the condition of Britain 's rivers following the 1990 river quality survey conducted by the National Rivers Authority .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment if he will make a statement on the [state] of britain 's rivers following the 1990 river quality survey conducted by the national rivers authority .

Reducing inflation is the absolute first condition for medium-term prosperity .
reducing inflation is the absolute first [state] for medium-term prosperity .

Does she accept that it is impossible to explain to them why patients who are haemophiliacs are eligible for compensation but they are not — even though my constituents have the same condition , life expectancy and financial pressures ?
does she accept that it is impossible to explain to them why patients who are haemophiliacs are eligible for compensation but they are not — even though my constituents have the same [state] , life expectancy and financial pressures ?

On the more unhappy subject of Northern Ireland , in the light of the appalling horrors which last night added to the seemingly endless litany of tragedy in that unhappy Province , does the Prime Minister agree that the first condition for defeating terrorism in Northern Ireland is to ensure that the politicians there get together and work together ?
on the more unhappy subject of northern ireland , in the light of the appalling horrors which last night added to the seemingly endless litany of tragedy in that unhappy province , does the prime minister agree that the first [state] for defeating terrorism in northern ireland is to ensure that the politicians there get together and work together ?

Does the Northern Ireland Office keep a record of unadopted roads not covered by bonds ? What progress has been made in bringing those roads up to condition ?
does the northern ireland office keep a record of unadopted roads not covered by bonds ? what progress has been made in bringing those roads up to [state] ?

We should consider the psychological condition in which people arrive .
we should consider the psychological [state] in which people arrive .

The excellent organisation , the Medical Foundation for the Care of Victims of Torture , collected evidence showing the psychological condition in which people arrive in this country .
the excellent organisation , the medical foundation for the care of victims of torture , collected evidence showing the psychological [state] in which people arrive in this country .

Anyone who has seen Machynlleth station from the town side recently must have been enraged at its condition .
anyone who has seen machynlleth station from the town side recently must have been enraged at its [state] .

8 's condition .
8 's [state] .

Her mind in a whirl , her body in an equally unstable condition , Robbie followed him up the hillside .
her mind in a whirl , her body in an equally unstable [state] , robbie followed him up the hillside .

The fine condition of these locomotives reflects great credit on their respective owners , The Princess Elizabeth Society and the National Railway Museum .
the fine [state] of these locomotives reflects great credit on their respective owners , the princess elizabeth society and the national railway museum .

The remarks probably refer to illness , but they stand in a metaphoric sense for the condition that Renaissance women usually confronted .
the remarks probably refer to illness , but they stand in a metaphoric sense for the [state] that renaissance women usually confronted .

Wyatt answers the charge that he alters his device ( his project and designs but also his heraldic sign — the symbolic means by which he announces his public identity ) by using the analogy of changing seasons to suggest mutability is an inevitable and indeed appropriate condition .
wyatt answers the charge that he alters his device ( his project and designs but also his heraldic sign — the symbolic means by which he announces his public identity ) by using the analogy of changing seasons to suggest mutability is an inevitable and indeed appropriate [state] .

But such humanism did not see morality as a passive condition .
but such humanism did not see morality as a passive [state] .

What this condition of the theatre indicates is that the establishing of a singular text for many plays is extremely difficult .
what this [state] of the theatre indicates is that the establishing of a singular text for many plays is extremely difficult .

In subsection ( 2 ) above ‘ necessaries ’ means goods suitable to the condition in life of the minor or other person concerned and to his actual requirements at the time of the sale and delivery . ’
in subsection ( 2 ) above ‘ necessaries ’ means goods suitable to the [state] in life of the minor or other person concerned and to his actual requirements at the time of the sale and delivery . ’

If as part of the cancelled contract the customer has traded in goods in part-exchange , the trader must return those goods ( in substantially the same condition ) to the customer within 10 days beginning with the date of cancellation .
if as part of the cancelled contract the customer has traded in goods in part-exchange , the trader must return those goods ( in substantially the same [state] ) to the customer within 10 days beginning with the date of cancellation .

‘ Accordingly , on the fall of the hammer the property of this car passed to King unless that prima facie rule is excluded from applying because of a different intention appearing or because there was some condition in the contract preventing the rule from applying . ’
‘ accordingly , on the fall of the hammer the property of this car passed to king unless that prima facie rule is excluded from applying because of a different intention appearing or because there was some [state] in the contract preventing the rule from applying . ’

Such an interpretation , however , would be absurd , since any contract of sale must have a condition somewhere at its core .
such an interpretation , however , would be absurd , since any contract of sale must have a [state] somewhere at its core .

It seems sensible therefore to assume that they mean a contract which contains no condition preventing Rule 1 from applying .
it seems sensible therefore to assume that they mean a contract which contains no [state] preventing rule 1 from applying .

An example of such a condition would be if , to the buyer 's knowledge at the time the contract was made , the seller was not the owner of the goods .
an example of such a [state] would be if , to the buyer 's knowledge at the time the contract was made , the seller was not the owner of the goods .

The second part of clause 13 also authorised the buyers to sell these finished goods , on condition that they would if requested transfer to the sellers the benefit of those sales .
the second part of clause 13 also authorised the buyers to sell these finished goods , on [state] that they would if requested transfer to the sellers the benefit of those sales .

Affirmation , which defeats the buyer 's right to rescission for misrepresentation , is very similar to ‘ acceptance ’ which defeats the buyer 's right to reject the goods and regard the contract as repudiated for breach of condition ( see paragraph 13–03 below ) .
affirmation , which defeats the buyer 's right to rescission for misrepresentation , is very similar to ‘ acceptance ’ which defeats the buyer 's right to reject the goods and regard the contract as repudiated for breach of [state] ( see paragraph 13–03 below ) .

Any term , express or implied , may be a condition or a warranty .
any term , express or implied , may be a [state] or a warranty .

The former and less serious type is a breach of warranty and the latter is a breach of condition .
the former and less serious type is a breach of warranty and the latter is a breach of [state] .

So far as the effect of a breach of condition is concerned , the position remains unaltered .
so far as the effect of a breach of [state] is concerned , the position remains unaltered .

If the seller commits any breach ( even a minor one ) of a term which is clearly a condition , the buyer will be entitled not only to damages but also to reject the goods and treat himself as discharged from his obligations .
if the seller commits any breach ( even a minor one ) of a term which is clearly a [state] , the buyer will be entitled not only to damages but also to reject the goods and treat himself as discharged from his obligations .

However , where there is a breach of any term which is not a condition , that breach could be either repudiatory ( i.e .
however , where there is a breach of any term which is not a [state] , that breach could be either repudiatory ( i.e .

equivalent in effect to a breach of condition ) or a mere breach of warranty ( i.e .
equivalent in effect to a breach of [state] ) or a mere breach of warranty ( i.e .

In Cehave a written contract for the sale of fruit pellets contained the express term ‘ Shipment to be in good condition .
in cehave a written contract for the sale of fruit pellets contained the express term ‘ shipment to be in good [state] .

’ On shipment some ( about a third ) of the pellets were not in ‘ good ’ condition .
’ on shipment some ( about a third ) of the pellets were not in ‘ good ’ [state] .

However , although they were worth less on the open market than if they had been in ‘ good ’ condition , they were still fit for the purpose for which the buyer wanted them ( making into cattle food ) and were still so upon arrival .
however , although they were worth less on the open market than if they had been in ‘ good ’ [state] , they were still fit for the purpose for which the buyer wanted them ( making into cattle food ) and were still so upon arrival .

It was held that there was no breach of the condition implied by the Sale of Goods Act as to merchantable quality , because the pellets were still saleable , albeit at a reduced price .
it was held that there was no breach of the [state] implied by the sale of goods act as to merchantable quality , because the pellets were still saleable , albeit at a reduced price .

Also the express term was not a ‘ condition ’ in the contract .
also the express term was not a ‘ [state] ’ in the contract .

It seems that an express stipulation will not easily by construed by the court as a ‘ condition .
it seems that an express stipulation will not easily by construed by the court as a ‘ [state] .

’ It will be a condition only if either there is an earlier case establishing that such a clause is a condition ( i.e .
’ it will be a [state] only if either there is an earlier case establishing that such a clause is a [state] ( i.e .

In a contract of sale , other than one to which subsection ( 3 ) below applies , there is an implied condition on the part of the seller that in the case of a sale he has a right to sell the goods , and in the case of an agreement to sell he will have such a right at the time when the property is to pass .
in a contract of sale , other than one to which subsection ( 3 ) below applies , there is an implied [state] on the part of the seller that in the case of a sale he has a right to sell the goods , and in the case of an agreement to sell he will have such a right at the time when the property is to pass .

Most important is the implied condition that the seller has a right to sell the goods .
most important is the implied [state] that the seller has a right to sell the goods .

This condition is commonly broken by someone selling goods which are not his .
this [state] is commonly broken by someone selling goods which are not his .

If however , the original owner still owns them , the purchaser has an action against his seller for breach of condition ; he can claim damages and/or a return of the price .
if however , the original owner still owns them , the purchaser has an action against his seller for breach of [state] ; he can claim damages and/or a return of the price .

It can happen that at the time of the sale the seller is not the owner ( and thus is in breach of the condition in section 12 ) but that he subsequently obtains that ownership , e. g. by buying the goods from their owner .
it can happen that at the time of the sale the seller is not the owner ( and thus is in breach of the [state] in section 12 ) but that he subsequently obtains that ownership , e. g. by buying the goods from their owner .

before the seller obtains ownership ) , the buyer is entitled by virtue of the seller 's breach of condition to regard the contract as repudiated , to reject the goods and thus to reclaim the price on a total failure of consideration .
before the seller obtains ownership ) , the buyer is entitled by virtue of the seller 's breach of [state] to regard the contract as repudiated , to reject the goods and thus to reclaim the price on a total failure of consideration .

In such a contract there is no implied condition that the seller has or will have a right to sell the goods .
in such a contract there is no implied [state] that the seller has or will have a right to sell the goods .

So far it may have appeared that the condition in section 12 will be broken only if the seller turns out not to be the owner , anything less serious being merely a breach of one of the warranties .
so far it may have appeared that the [state] in section 12 will be broken only if the seller turns out not to be the owner , anything less serious being merely a breach of one of the warranties .

There is , however , some overlap between the warranties and the condition in section 12 .
there is , however , some overlap between the warranties and the [state] in section 12 .

The condition is broken if for any reason ( undisclosed to the buyer ) the seller does not have the right to sell the goods .
the [state] is broken if for any reason ( undisclosed to the buyer ) the seller does not have the right to sell the goods .

Where there is a contract for the sale of goods by description , there is an implied condition that the goods will correspond with the description .
where there is a contract for the sale of goods by description , there is an implied [state] that the goods will correspond with the description .

The condition is implied only where there is a sale by description .
the [state] is implied only where there is a sale by description .

‘ ( 1 ) Except as provided by this section , and section 15 below and subject to any other enactment , there is no implied condition or warranty about the quality or fitness for any particular purpose of goods supplied under a contract of sale . ’
‘ ( 1 ) except as provided by this section , and section 15 below and subject to any other enactment , there is no implied [state] or warranty about the quality or fitness for any particular purpose of goods supplied under a contract of sale . ’

‘ ( 2 ) Where the seller sells goods in the course of a business , there is an implied condition that the goods supplied under the contract are of merchantable quality , except that there is no such condition-CC
‘ ( 2 ) where the seller sells goods in the course of a business , there is an implied [state] that the goods supplied under the contract are of merchantable quality , except that there is no such condition-cc

The condition is implied only if the goods are sold ‘ in the course of a business .
the [state] is implied only if the goods are sold ‘ in the course of a business .

Thus someone buying coal from the National Coal Board does have the benefit of the implied condition that it shall be of merchantable quality .
thus someone buying coal from the national coal board does have the benefit of the implied [state] that it shall be of merchantable quality .

First , the buyer can not complain of defects which had been specifically drawn to his attention , although naturally the condition will still apply in relation to other defects rendering the goods of unmerchantable quality .
first , the buyer can not complain of defects which had been specifically drawn to his attention , although naturally the [state] will still apply in relation to other defects rendering the goods of unmerchantable quality .

If at the time of making the contract , the buyer was unaware , and could not reasonably have been aware , of the gravity of the defect , then the court would probably hold that the condition as to merchantable quality was implied .
if at the time of making the contract , the buyer was unaware , and could not reasonably have been aware , of the gravity of the defect , then the court would probably hold that the [state] as to merchantable quality was implied .

For example , second-hand goods can hardly be expected to be in perfect condition .
for example , second-hand goods can hardly be expected to be in perfect [state] .

‘ ( 3 ) Where the seller sells goods in the course of a business and the buyer , expressly or by implication , makes known ( a ) to the seller or ( b ) … any particular purpose for which the goods are being bought , there is an implied condition that the goods supplied under the contract are reasonably fit for that purpose . whether or not that is a purpose for which such goods are commonly supplied , except where the circumstances show that the buyer does not rely , or that it is unreasonable for him to rely , on the skill or judgment of the seller … ’
‘ ( 3 ) where the seller sells goods in the course of a business and the buyer , expressly or by implication , makes known ( a ) to the seller or ( b ) … any particular purpose for which the goods are being bought , there is an implied [state] that the goods supplied under the contract are reasonably fit for that purpose . whether or not that is a purpose for which such goods are commonly supplied , except where the circumstances show that the buyer does not rely , or that it is unreasonable for him to rely , on the skill or judgment of the seller … ’

This condition , like the one in section 14 ( 2 ) , is implied only where the goods are sold in the course of a business .
this [state] , like the one in section 14 ( 2 ) , is implied only where the goods are sold in the course of a business .

In the case of a breach of condition the buyer has the additional right to reject the goods and recover the price .
in the case of a breach of [state] the buyer has the additional right to reject the goods and recover the price .

At present the buyer can reject the goods for any breach of condition , however minor the breach .
at present the buyer can reject the goods for any breach of [state] , however minor the breach .

The coach has served as a garden shed for many years at Clunbury in Shropshire and consequently is in poor condition and minus its running gear .
the coach has served as a garden shed for many years at clunbury in shropshire and consequently is in poor [state] and minus its running gear .

They do n't sweat and whine about their condition , they do n't lie awake in the dark and weep for their sins .
they do n't sweat and whine about their [state] , they do n't lie awake in the dark and weep for their sins .

She had always tried to emulate Isabelle , too , in buying the best clothes she could afford , and keeping them in pristine condition , making sure she was well-groomed at all times .
she had always tried to emulate isabelle , too , in buying the best clothes she could afford , and keeping them in pristine [state] , making sure she was well-groomed at all times .

According to Miss Russell , Isabelle had forced him to treat her child as his own — had even made it a condition of their marriage .
according to miss russell , isabelle had forced him to treat her child as his own — had even made it a [state] of their marriage .

Others were more conveniently sited for them but inconveniently for the Company , as a condition of selling land for the railway .
others were more conveniently sited for them but inconveniently for the company , as a [state] of selling land for the railway .

Despite his wounded condition , Isabel had the distinct impression that to awaken fitzAlan would be dangerous .
despite his wounded [state] , isabel had the distinct impression that to awaken fitzalan would be dangerous .

‘ Aye , on the condition of other promises , which he then proceeded to break , ’ she cried recklessly .
‘ aye , on the [state] of other promises , which he then proceeded to break , ’ she cried recklessly .

Were they in a like condition ?
were they in a like [state] ?

‘ You know Joanna will be overjoyed to see you in any condition .
‘ you know joanna will be overjoyed to see you in any [state] .

For a few precious hours she had savoured the sensation , and had determinedly closed her mind to the thought that only the most hard-hearted man would not have offered comfort in her present condition .
for a few precious hours she had savoured the sensation , and had determinedly closed her mind to the thought that only the most hard-hearted man would not have offered comfort in her present [state] .

The ears were in fine condition .
the ears were in fine [state] .

She had n't heard his approach , having been absorbed in struggling with an unusually detailed report on the condition of a pregnant diabetic and her unborn twins — one of Dr Russell 's patients , actually .
she had n't heard his approach , having been absorbed in struggling with an unusually detailed report on the [state] of a pregnant diabetic and her unborn twins — one of dr russell 's patients , actually .

’ to Belinda , and the latter guessed that Marise was not close enough to the Hamiltons to know of Faye 's diabetic condition .
’ to belinda , and the latter guessed that marise was not close enough to the hamiltons to know of faye 's diabetic [state] .

Two names for the same condition that was once life-threatening to both mother and baby but could now easily be brought under control — if warning signs were heeded in time .
two names for the same [state] that was once life-threatening to both mother and baby but could now easily be brought under control — if warning signs were heeded in time .

‘ But we do have to take this condition seriously and get it under control .
‘ but we do have to take this [state] seriously and get it under control .

If the condition was mild , then the damage should not be lasting , but every delay increased the stress on Faye 's kidneys … and on the rest of her body .
if the [state] was mild , then the damage should not be lasting , but every delay increased the stress on faye 's kidneys … and on the rest of her body .

Tom 's quick testing of her tendon reflexes revealed their characteristic briskness , and both the medical professionals realised that the condition was progressing , when they had been hoping against all the evidence that it would not .
tom 's quick testing of her tendon reflexes revealed their characteristic briskness , and both the medical professionals realised that the [state] was progressing , when they had been hoping against all the evidence that it would not .

We can easily bring this condition under control .
we can easily bring this [state] under control .

She did mind , though , and , as they were met at the emergency entrance with a wheeled stretcher-bed for Faye and a paged message for Tom summoning him to the renal unit to attend urgently to another patient , her concern for Faye 's condition battled for priority in her thoughts with painful images of Marise Wyspianski glowing in the magic aura of Tom 's kiss , and of Tom himself , at the wheel of the Mercedes just moments ago , staring so grimly into the Christmas Eve traffic .
she did mind , though , and , as they were met at the emergency entrance with a wheeled stretcher-bed for faye and a paged message for tom summoning him to the renal unit to attend urgently to another patient , her concern for faye 's [state] battled for priority in her thoughts with painful images of marise wyspianski glowing in the magic aura of tom 's kiss , and of tom himself , at the wheel of the mercedes just moments ago , staring so grimly into the christmas eve traffic .

Some minutes later , after a visit from Dr Greene , who pronounced Faye 's condition to be ‘ quite satisfactory ’ , but ordered a follow-up blood glucose test in an hour , as the level was somewhat higher than it should have been , Belinda was left alone with her patient .
some minutes later , after a visit from dr greene , who pronounced faye 's [state] to be ‘ quite satisfactory ’ , but ordered a follow-up blood glucose test in an hour , as the level was somewhat higher than it should have been , belinda was left alone with her patient .

‘ Good , then there 's every hope that the condition will ebb of its own accord now , as long as you rest properly . Thank goodness , Faye ! ’
‘ good , then there 's every hope that the [state] will ebb of its own accord now , as long as you rest properly . thank goodness , faye ! ’

Fortunately , today the rundown could be short , as Faye 's condition had given no cause for concern at all .
fortunately , today the rundown could be short , as faye 's [state] had given no cause for concern at all .

Here are entered works dealing with a condition of complete absence of religion
here are entered works dealing with a [state] of complete absence of religion

Durkheim ( 1893 ) , in his discussion of the ‘ abnormal forms ’ of the division of labour , long ago drew attention to what he regarded as a condition of ‘ anomie ’ in the sphere of production , characterized by the absence of a body of rules governing the relations between different social functions — above all between labour and capital — and saw as both probable and desirable a growing normative regulation of industrial relations .
durkheim ( 1893 ) , in his discussion of the ‘ abnormal forms ’ of the division of labour , long ago drew attention to what he regarded as a [state] of ‘ anomie ’ in the sphere of production , characterized by the absence of a body of rules governing the relations between different social functions — above all between labour and capital — and saw as both probable and desirable a growing normative regulation of industrial relations .

‘ That condition is that we cut ten minutes out of the running time . ’
‘ that [state] is that we cut ten minutes out of the running time . ’

And now the support , whose condition the cast changes had been , had been withdrawn .
and now the support , whose [state] the cast changes had been , had been withdrawn .

The profit-maximizing policy involves setting marginal revenue equal to marginal cost . From the demand condition ( 7–18 ) ,
the profit-maximizing policy involves setting marginal revenue equal to marginal cost . from the demand [state] ( 7–18 ) ,

The second condition for equilibrium is that firms enter until the next potential entrant would make a loss . If n is sufficiently large that 1 is a small increment , we can assume that the marginal firm is exactly breaking even : where is determined from the demand curve
the second [state] for equilibrium is that firms enter until the next potential entrant would make a loss . if n is sufficiently large that 1 is a small increment , we can assume that the marginal firm is exactly breaking even : where is determined from the demand curve

In the labour market , the condition is .
in the labour market , the [state] is .

If we assume that the input coefficients and mark-ups are unchanged , then the break-even condition in the retail sector becomes or .
if we assume that the input coefficients and mark-ups are unchanged , then the break-even [state] in the retail sector becomes or .

Assuming that the government returns the proceeds of the tax in lump-sum form , the condition for equilibrium in the labour market is unchanged , and the new equilibrium is ( the scale of firms in the manufacturing sector is unaltered ) .
assuming that the government returns the proceeds of the tax in lump-sum form , the [state] for equilibrium in the labour market is unchanged , and the new equilibrium is ( the scale of firms in the manufacturing sector is unaltered ) .

Assuming that the equilibrium condition ( 7–60 ) continues to hold , we can derive , using the same approach as before , the change in employment : .
assuming that the equilibrium [state] ( 7–60 ) continues to hold , we can derive , using the same approach as before , the change in employment : .

Where the savings relationship is of the classical ( Kaldorian ) type , the condition for steady growth becomes ( 8–13 ) In the extreme case where there is no saving out of wages , ( 8–14 )
where the savings relationship is of the classical ( kaldorian ) type , the [state] for steady growth becomes ( 8–13 ) in the extreme case where there is no saving out of wages , ( 8–14 )

The introduction of a second asset means that we have to take account of the capital market equilibrium condition : the return from holding stocks of the natural resource must equal the return to physical capital .
the introduction of a second asset means that we have to take account of the capital market equilibrium [state] : the return from holding stocks of the natural resource must equal the return to physical capital .

The impact on the steady-state growth path , assuming one exists , may be seen by differentiating the condition with respect to t c : where .
the impact on the steady-state growth path , assuming one exists , may be seen by differentiating the [state] with respect to t c : where .

In the more general classical savings case , with , the steady growth condition is .
in the more general classical savings case , with , the steady growth [state] is .

The effect of the tax may be explored more fully by using the steady-state condition : ( 8–46 ) where w is a function of k and r is a function of t c and k .
the effect of the tax may be explored more fully by using the steady-state [state] : ( 8–46 ) where w is a function of k and r is a function of t c and k .

If the local stability condition ( 8–43 ) holds , the coefficient of dk is positive .
if the local stability [state] ( 8–43 ) holds , the coefficient of dk is positive .

The revenue condition implies .
the revenue [state] implies .

The local stability condition ( 8–43 ) implies therefore that the capital labour ratio is reduced where there is a strictly positive elasticity of substitution between c 1 and c 2 .
the local stability [state] ( 8–43 ) implies therefore that the capital labour ratio is reduced where there is a strictly positive elasticity of substitution between c 1 and c 2 .

The tax on capital , used to make a transfer to the younger generation , raises k ( where the local stability condition ( 8–43 ) holds ) .
the tax on capital , used to make a transfer to the younger generation , raises k ( where the local stability [state] ( 8–43 ) holds ) .

With the introduction of debt per worker b , the steady-state growth condition becomes .
with the introduction of debt per worker b , the steady-state growth [state] becomes .

If we now differentiate the steady-state growth condition ( 8–54 ) , and the government revenue constraint , evaluating at we obtain : and .
if we now differentiate the steady-state growth [state] ( 8–54 ) , and the government revenue constraint , evaluating at we obtain : and .

From the condition and ( 8–32 ' ) , .
from the [state] and ( 8–32 ' ) , .

In the case of classical savings ( ) , the steady-state condition also includes the term , and this brings out a significant point .
in the case of classical savings ( ) , the steady-state [state] also includes the term , and this brings out a significant point .

From ( 8–63 ) , we can see that , with , the existence of debt lowers steady-state utility where and the local stability condition ( ) holds .
from ( 8–63 ) , we can see that , with , the existence of debt lowers steady-state utility where and the local stability [state] ( ) holds .

The condition that the mean lifetime wealth converges is that , which requires in effect that the intrinsic growth of capital ( ) should be less than the growth of population .
the [state] that the mean lifetime wealth converges is that , which requires in effect that the intrinsic growth of capital ( ) should be less than the growth of population .

This condition is assumed to hold ( its relation to the general equilibrium of the economy is discussed below ) .
this [state] is assumed to hold ( its relation to the general equilibrium of the economy is discussed below ) .

The variance of lifetime consumption may be written : If there were no inequality in wage income ( ) , then the condition for a rise in inheritance to magnify the variance of lifetime consumption is that .
the variance of lifetime consumption may be written : if there were no inequality in wage income ( ) , then the [state] for a rise in inheritance to magnify the variance of lifetime consumption is that .

In the opposite extreme , if , a sufficient condition for the variance of lifetime consumption to increase with a 3 is that and .
in the opposite extreme , if , a sufficient [state] for the variance of lifetime consumption to increase with a 3 is that and .

Where this condition ( or slightly weaker versions — see Kramer , 1973 ) fails to hold , the celebrated voting paradox may arise .
where this [state] ( or slightly weaker versions — see kramer , 1973 ) fails to hold , the celebrated voting paradox may arise .

However , it does not satisfy condition 1 .
however , it does not satisfy [state] 1 .

However , the example of private education demonstrates that absence of single-peakedness is far from pathological , and once we move to two dimensions the corresponding conditions are extremely restrictive : they are ‘ probably not significantly less restrictive than the condition of complete unanimity ’ ( Kramer , 1973 , p. 296 ) .
however , the example of private education demonstrates that absence of single-peakedness is far from pathological , and once we move to two dimensions the corresponding conditions are extremely restrictive : they are ‘ probably not significantly less restrictive than the [state] of complete unanimity ’ ( kramer , 1973 , p. 296 ) .

Years earlier he had resided briefly at a clinic with Vivien , where Robert Sencourt claimed to have first met them both : and earlier still he had spoken of a mental condition of ‘ long-standing ’ .
years earlier he had resided briefly at a clinic with vivien , where robert sencourt claimed to have first met them both : and earlier still he had spoken of a mental [state] of ‘ long-standing ’ .

An operation which he could describe as due to take place some weeks ahead was the second to correct the condition .
an operation which he could describe as due to take place some weeks ahead was the second to correct the [state] .

There is a second condition required for a rational agent to be indifferent between equal forward and expected future spot rates .
there is a second [state] required for a rational agent to be indifferent between equal forward and expected future spot rates .

The only thing he could talk about with any certainty was his condition and how it made him feel .
the only thing he could talk about with any certainty was his [state] and how it made him feel .

Sitting at the table one evening next to Astrid 's mum , Peg , from Massachusetts , he opened up , as one sometimes can , to an interested stranger and spoke for hours about the old days and about his condition and his feelings .
sitting at the table one evening next to astrid 's mum , peg , from massachusetts , he opened up , as one sometimes can , to an interested stranger and spoke for hours about the old days and about his [state] and his feelings .

( ii ) Iso-elastic industry-specific demand shocks have no effect on union wages or membership , but employment will be affected . However , in the less restrictive situation where the firm 's revenue function is not iso-elastic , a sufficient condition for union wages and membership to move procyclically is that
( ii ) iso-elastic industry-specific demand shocks have no effect on union wages or membership , but employment will be affected . however , in the less restrictive situation where the firm 's revenue function is not iso-elastic , a sufficient [state] for union wages and membership to move procyclically is that

The condition required for the Fudenberg and Levine ( 1988 ) conclusion with imperfect monitoring is that the dominant strategy type receives strictly positive probability in the priors of the short term agents , or that with positive probability there exist a type which plays the action in equilibrium .
the [state] required for the fudenberg and levine ( 1988 ) conclusion with imperfect monitoring is that the dominant strategy type receives strictly positive probability in the priors of the short term agents , or that with positive probability there exist a type which plays the action in equilibrium .

If profits are maximized with respect to q 1 , the first-order condition is given as : where , is the conjectural variations parameter , i.e .
if profits are maximized with respect to q 1 , the first-order [state] is given as : where , is the conjectural variations parameter , i.e .

‘ If he 'd stayed , it would never have got into this condition .
‘ if he 'd stayed , it would never have got into this [state] .

Two nights under the same roof as Ernie Love had , he suspected , sealed his condition , for Ernie represented the squalor and futility to which his own life could so easily have led but for the sense of purpose looking for Heather had brought to it .
two nights under the same roof as ernie love had , he suspected , sealed his [state] , for ernie represented the squalor and futility to which his own life could so easily have led but for the sense of purpose looking for heather had brought to it .

‘ What condition ? ’
‘ what [state] ? ’

The latest report on Place 's condition was that he would certainly live , and they might be able to speak to him tomorrow .
the latest report on place 's [state] was that he would certainly live , and they might be able to speak to him tomorrow .

Your condition is miserable , you would give up .
your [state] is miserable , you would give up .

As discussed in chapters 3 and 4 this condition is written .
as discussed in chapters 3 and 4 this [state] is written .

After all , rhyme and metre are forms of equivalence which distinguish a very great deal of poetry , yet nowadays few would maintain that the presence of either or both is a necessary and sufficient condition for defining a text as poetic .
after all , rhyme and metre are forms of equivalence which distinguish a very great deal of poetry , yet nowadays few would maintain that the presence of either or both is a necessary and sufficient [state] for defining a text as poetic .

The critic must study the text with the maximum degree of attention to all its parts ( Richards suggests ( 1970 : 317 ) that four poems may be too many for a week 's reading ) , but his aim is to arrive at the ‘ relevant mental condition ’ ( Richards 1970 : 11 ) associated with it , and then to judge this mental condition according to the principles outlined above .
the critic must study the text with the maximum degree of attention to all its parts ( richards suggests ( 1970 : 317 ) that four poems may be too many for a week 's reading ) , but his aim is to arrive at the ‘ relevant mental [state] ’ ( richards 1970 : 11 ) associated with it , and then to judge this mental [state] according to the principles outlined above .

That is to say , the ‘ relevant mental condition ’ which the critic/reader must recreate within himself is assumed also to be the mental condition of the author .
that is to say , the ‘ relevant mental [state] ’ which the critic/reader must recreate within himself is assumed also to be the mental [state] of the author .

He never doubts that it is possible or desirable for the critic to recreate in himself the mental condition of the author ; he only recognizes that it is difficult .
he never doubts that it is possible or desirable for the critic to recreate in himself the mental [state] of the author ; he only recognizes that it is difficult .

Practical Criticism deals with the obstacles blocking the reader 's approach to this ‘ mental condition ’ .
practical criticism deals with the obstacles blocking the reader 's approach to this ‘ mental [state] ’ .

But the book is written in the faith that such errors in readers ' responses can be corrected , and that when this is done their way will be open to the poet 's mental condition , and therefore to the correct experience of the poem .
but the book is written in the faith that such errors in readers ' responses can be corrected , and that when this is done their way will be open to the poet 's mental [state] , and therefore to the correct experience of the poem .

She only managed to hail a taxi after fifteen minutes of running , and when she did she was almost afraid that he would not drive her because of her soaked condition , but , after a stream of highly ominous muttering in French , he finally let her in .
she only managed to hail a taxi after fifteen minutes of running , and when she did she was almost afraid that he would not drive her because of her soaked [state] , but , after a stream of highly ominous muttering in french , he finally let her in .

‘ In short , ’ she concluded , ‘ our Indian economy is far from tip-top condition .
‘ in short , ’ she concluded , ‘ our indian economy is far from tip-top [state] .

Structure , condition — and anything that looks out of place .
structure , [state] — and anything that looks out of place .

He shed his array of colour pencils , dropping them haphazard into the grass , hesitated whether to shed his tweed jacket , too , and then , considering its worn condition , buttoned it closely for protection instead .
he shed his array of colour pencils , dropping them haphazard into the grass , hesitated whether to shed his tweed jacket , too , and then , considering its worn [state] , buttoned it closely for protection instead .

If a gratuitous unconditional promise is revocable should it become irrevocable because a condition is added ?
if a gratuitous unconditional promise is revocable should it become irrevocable because a [state] is added ?

, defendant promised that he would , within a reasonable time after the said weighing was effected , leave and give up the boilers in as perfect and complete a condition , and as fit for use by plaintiff , as the same were in at the time of the consent so given by plaintiff ; and that , although in pursuance of the consent so given , defendant to wit , on , etc .
, defendant promised that he would , within a reasonable time after the said weighing was effected , leave and give up the boilers in as perfect and complete a [state] , and as fit for use by plaintiff , as the same were in at the time of the consent so given by plaintiff ; and that , although in pursuance of the consent so given , defendant to wit , on , etc .

, took the said boilers to pieces and did not put the same together again but left the same in a detached and divided condition , and in many different pieces , whereby plaintiff hath been put to great trouble , etc .
, took the said boilers to pieces and did not put the same together again but left the same in a detached and divided [state] , and in many different pieces , whereby plaintiff hath been put to great trouble , etc .

The respondents avoid this difficulty by submitting that requiring and delivering the wrappers was merely a condition which gave a qualification to buy and was not part of the consideration for sale .
the respondents avoid this difficulty by submitting that requiring and delivering the wrappers was merely a [state] which gave a qualification to buy and was not part of the consideration for sale .

’ Would this be a condition or would the wrappers still constitute part of the consideration ?
’ would this be a [state] or would the wrappers still constitute part of the consideration ?

, and on condition of his paying her or her executors , administrators , assigns or nominee the sum of £150 on the 1st day of July and the 1st day of January or within one calendar month after each of the said days respectively in every year until the whole of the said sum of £2,090 19s .
, and on [state] of his paying her or her executors , administrators , assigns or nominee the sum of £150 on the 1st day of july and the 1st day of january or within one calendar month after each of the said days respectively in every year until the whole of the said sum of £2,090 19s .

, Lord Coke says : ‘ where the condition is for payment of £20 , the obligor or feoffor can not at the time appointed pay a lesser sum in satisfaction of the whole , because it is apparent that a lesser sum of money can not be a satisfaction of a greater … If the obligor or feoffor pay a lesser sum either before the day or at another place than is limited by the condition , and the obligee or feoffee receiveth it , this is a good satisfaction .
, lord coke says : ‘ where the [state] is for payment of £20 , the obligor or feoffor can not at the time appointed pay a lesser sum in satisfaction of the whole , because it is apparent that a lesser sum of money can not be a satisfaction of a greater … if the obligor or feoffor pay a lesser sum either before the day or at another place than is limited by the [state] , and the obligee or feoffee receiveth it , this is a good satisfaction .

In the hope that it might cheer his wife Frere had brought a letter from her dearest friend in Cambridge , who was , of course , as yet unaware of Emilia 's condition .
in the hope that it might cheer his wife frere had brought a letter from her dearest friend in cambridge , who was , of course , as yet unaware of emilia 's [state] .

Deeply as she sympathized with the woman 's condition she saw no reason why the husband should be made its victim .
deeply as she sympathized with the woman 's [state] she saw no reason why the husband should be made its victim .

Staring at him coldly , Laura completed the quotation : ‘ as the sole condition and means of its himundher manifestation and polarized for reunion by the symphysis of their antipathies . ’
staring at him coldly , laura completed the quotation : ‘ as the sole [state] and means of its himundher manifestation and polarized for reunion by the symphysis of their antipathies . ’

Muted as it was in consideration of Emilia 's still frail condition , the joy , which was inevitably tinged with sadness , had been allowed small room to breathe .
muted as it was in consideration of emilia 's still frail [state] , the joy , which was inevitably tinged with sadness , had been allowed small room to breathe .

Nor did his attempt to view their shared suffering as part of the Lord 's mysterious providence — a present ill from which a future good might spring — in any way ameliorate her condition .
nor did his attempt to view their shared suffering as part of the lord 's mysterious providence — a present ill from which a future good might spring — in any way ameliorate her [state] .

Yet no sooner was the decision taken than he quailed at the prospect , for he knew that a full expression of the rage lying at the root of Emilia 's melancholic condition must quickly overwhelm him .
yet no sooner was the decision taken than he quailed at the prospect , for he knew that a full expression of the rage lying at the root of emilia 's melancholic [state] must quickly overwhelm him .

In her preoccupation with other , larger and less accessible mysteries she had been too certain of the supreme value of her endeavours to attach great value to the consequent deprivations ; but now she remembered also how Tom Horrocks had lightly berated her celibate condition while they skated with Edwin on the frozen lake .
in her preoccupation with other , larger and less accessible mysteries she had been too certain of the supreme value of her endeavours to attach great value to the consequent deprivations ; but now she remembered also how tom horrocks had lightly berated her celibate [state] while they skated with edwin on the frozen lake .

‘ She is of the opinion that the loneliness of this place accounts for my condition .
‘ she is of the opinion that the loneliness of this place accounts for my [state] .

In urban areas eg Wester Hailes to Central Edinburgh , 4 miles , the path is heavily used by commuters ( despite its current deplorable condition ) and forms a significant ‘ safer alternative ’ for cyclists esp .
in urban areas eg wester hailes to central edinburgh , 4 miles , the path is heavily used by commuters ( despite its current deplorable [state] ) and forms a significant ‘ safer alternative ’ for cyclists esp .

West of Wester Hailes ( ie away from the city ) the towpath is rural and in poor condition but could form a valuable corridor for leisure/recreational access to the countryside .
west of wester hailes ( ie away from the city ) the towpath is rural and in poor [state] but could form a valuable corridor for leisure/recreational access to the countryside .

It could be cycled in a prolonged dry spell but most of the year it was waterlogged , its condition made worse by the horses from the riding school attached to the farm at the bottom end .
it could be cycled in a prolonged dry spell but most of the year it was waterlogged , its [state] made worse by the horses from the riding school attached to the farm at the bottom end .

The ‘ before ’ photographs show the typical muddy , waterlogged condition of the path at this stage .
the ‘ before ’ photographs show the typical muddy , waterlogged [state] of the path at this stage .

Some parts of the towpath are already in a cyclable condition ; we shall be working on the parts which are not — a total distance of about one mile , so we need plenty of volunteers ! The work will involve removing the overgrowth of grass and then laying and rolling a whindust surface to a width of one metre .
some parts of the towpath are already in a cyclable [state] ; we shall be working on the parts which are not — a total distance of about one mile , so we need plenty of volunteers ! the work will involve removing the overgrowth of grass and then laying and rolling a whindust surface to a width of one metre .

These office buildings are maintained in such condition that their value does not diminish and the cost of maintenance is charged to operating profit .
these office buildings are maintained in such [state] that their value does not diminish and the cost of maintenance is charged to operating profit .

It seemed to [ Judith ] that the emperor 's good physical condition might not last much longer , and his death would threaten danger to herself and to Charles unless they could win over one of Charles 's elder brothers to work with them , and they calculated that none of the emperor 's sons would fit this role so well as Lothar .
it seemed to [ judith ] that the emperor 's good physical [state] might not last much longer , and his death would threaten danger to herself and to charles unless they could win over one of charles 's elder brothers to work with them , and they calculated that none of the emperor 's sons would fit this role so well as lothar .

Too jellied , viscous , floating a condition
too jellied , viscous , floating a [state]

Self-help meant that , for instance , libraries and resource centres within the school could be equipped , furnished and maintained in an unvandalized condition .
self-help meant that , for instance , libraries and resource centres within the school could be equipped , furnished and maintained in an unvandalized [state] .

Just as in-service education does not work if it has not been tailored to match the stage or condition of the teacher who is to benefit from it , so the manager can not manage unless the method and style of management are acceptable and unless its purposes have been first unravelled and then knitted together after consultation between the manager and the manager 's colleagues .
just as in-service education does not work if it has not been tailored to match the stage or [state] of the teacher who is to benefit from it , so the manager can not manage unless the method and style of management are acceptable and unless its purposes have been first unravelled and then knitted together after consultation between the manager and the manager 's colleagues .

However , this was not due to any genuine belief in pacifism ; Franco , after all , believed that war was the normal human condition .
however , this was not due to any genuine belief in pacifism ; franco , after all , believed that war was the normal human [state] .

Without money for food and medicine her condition became worse .
without money for food and medicine her [state] became worse .

However a project worker saw her condition and paid the amount needed to renew her subscription .
however a project worker saw her [state] and paid the amount needed to renew her subscription .

3 . How would the condition that Fred should collect the car and pay for it within 2 hours be treated in law ?
3 . how would the [state] that fred should collect the car and pay for it within 2 hours be treated in law ?

any physiological disorder or condition , cosmetic disfigurements , or anatomical loss affecting one or more of the following body systems : neurological ; musculo-skeletal ; special sense organs ; respiratory , including speech organs ; cardiovascular ; reproductive ; digestive ; genitourinary ; haemic and lymphatic ; skin ; and endocrine … [ and ] any mental or psychological disorder , such as mental retardation , organic brain syndrome , emotional or mental illness , and specific learning disabilities
any physiological disorder or [state] , cosmetic disfigurements , or anatomical loss affecting one or more of the following body systems : neurological ; musculo-skeletal ; special sense organs ; respiratory , including speech organs ; cardiovascular ; reproductive ; digestive ; genitourinary ; haemic and lymphatic ; skin ; and endocrine … [ and ] any mental or psychological disorder , such as mental retardation , organic brain syndrome , emotional or mental illness , and specific learning disabilities

Any information obtained from a lawful medical examination regarding the medical condition and history of a disabled person would be collected and maintained on separate forms and in separate medical files .
any information obtained from a lawful medical examination regarding the medical [state] and history of a disabled person would be collected and maintained on separate forms and in separate medical files .

The applicant had been granted access to accounts on condition that he paid what was considered to be excessive amounts for rent of room , photocopying , and a union official 's salary .
the applicant had been granted access to accounts on [state] that he paid what was considered to be excessive amounts for rent of room , photocopying , and a union official 's salary .

According to this case law , the announcement of the competition is considered as a proposal to conclude an individual contract of employment and the participation in the competition as an acceptance of this proposal , the conclusion of the contract being subject to the suspensive condition of the candidate 's success in passing the competitive examination .
according to this case law , the announcement of the competition is considered as a proposal to conclude an individual contract of employment and the participation in the competition as an acceptance of this proposal , the conclusion of the contract being subject to the suspensive [state] of the candidate 's success in passing the competitive examination .

Most of all , after a few days there began to appear a growing chorus of complaint from hosts about the condition of some of the evacuees .
most of all , after a few days there began to appear a growing chorus of complaint from hosts about the [state] of some of the evacuees .

According to many accounts , middle-class complacency was severely shocked by the evidence of the children 's condition : in Newcastle , for example , of 31,000 children registering for evacuation , 13 % were found to be deficient in footwear and 21 % deficient in clothing ; in Scotland , 39 % of children turned up in clothing that was ‘ bad or deplorable ’ .
according to many accounts , middle-class complacency was severely shocked by the evidence of the children 's [state] : in newcastle , for example , of 31,000 children registering for evacuation , 13 % were found to be deficient in footwear and 21 % deficient in clothing ; in scotland , 39 % of children turned up in clothing that was ‘ bad or deplorable ’ .

Evacuation , and the revelations associated with it , ‘ dominated social policy for at least the first nine months of the war ’ and ‘ aroused the conscience of the nation ’ , leading to a much wider debate on the condition of the people .
evacuation , and the revelations associated with it , ‘ dominated social policy for at least the first nine months of the war ’ and ‘ aroused the conscience of the nation ’ , leading to a much wider debate on the [state] of the people .

However , others have been content to accept the message in Problems of Social Policy : for example , Peter Gosden , in his detailed study of education in the war , cites Titmuss as the authoritative source on the social consequences of evacuation ; likewise , Raynes Minns concludes that the revelations of the children 's condition ‘ made headlines , and once again , as in 1914 , when the physical condition of army recruits was found to be so poor , war forced a British government to recognise the extremes of poverty and neglect that survived in our cities , and eventually to act by expanding our welfare services ’ .
however , others have been content to accept the message in problems of social policy : for example , peter gosden , in his detailed study of education in the war , cites titmuss as the authoritative source on the social consequences of evacuation ; likewise , raynes minns concludes that the revelations of the children 's [state] ‘ made headlines , and once again , as in 1914 , when the physical [state] of army recruits was found to be so poor , war forced a british government to recognise the extremes of poverty and neglect that survived in our cities , and eventually to act by expanding our welfare services ’ .

Second , it will examine , in the light of Titmuss 's interpretation , the policy innovations and possible ideological realignments that resulted from the debate over the condition of the children .
second , it will examine , in the light of titmuss 's interpretation , the policy innovations and possible ideological realignments that resulted from the debate over the [state] of the children .

For example , on the crucial question of the medical condition of the evacuees , which was to cause so much controversy , the Board of Education believed that local authorities had been adequately warned that pediculosis ( head lice ) would be a problem and had been given instructions on how to disinfect children by the use of steam baths ; also that its memorandum Ev .
for example , on the crucial question of the medical [state] of the evacuees , which was to cause so much controversy , the board of education believed that local authorities had been adequately warned that pediculosis ( head lice ) would be a problem and had been given instructions on how to disinfect children by the use of steam baths ; also that its memorandum ev .

But the problems of transport , billeting and the drift-back paled into insignificance compared with the outcry over the alleged medical condition and anti-social behaviour of the evacuees .
but the problems of transport , billeting and the drift-back paled into insignificance compared with the outcry over the alleged medical [state] and anti-social behaviour of the evacuees .

approximately twenty-five per cent of the children evacuated were in such a filthy condition that they had to be specially treated .
approximately twenty-five per cent of the children evacuated were in such a filthy [state] that they had to be specially treated .

These have now been cleaned up , but it took us some time to cope with this disgraceful state of affairs … the condition of these children , and the behaviour of many of the mothers , has completely dissipated the goodwill and welcome accorded to them by the Welsh people , whose hospitality is proverbial .
these have now been cleaned up , but it took us some time to cope with this disgraceful state of affairs … the [state] of these children , and the behaviour of many of the mothers , has completely dissipated the goodwill and welcome accorded to them by the welsh people , whose hospitality is proverbial .

What was the actual medical condition of the evacuees ?
what was the actual medical [state] of the evacuees ?

Finally , MacNalty absolved the school medical service from prime responsibility for the condition of the evacuees : while acknowledging the ‘ unexpectedly high incidence of pediculosis and bad habits among school children ’ that had been revealed , he favoured the following analysis :
finally , macnalty absolved the school medical service from prime responsibility for the [state] of the evacuees : while acknowledging the ‘ unexpectedly high incidence of pediculosis and bad habits among school children ’ that had been revealed , he favoured the following analysis :

When considering the long-term effects of the social debate on evacuation , therefore , we must recognise that , as well as helping to construct an ideological climate favourable to welfare legislation , it also boosted a conservative , behaviouristic analysis of poverty that viewed the root cause of the children 's condition as family failure , poor parenting and general social inadequacy .
when considering the long-term effects of the social debate on evacuation , therefore , we must recognise that , as well as helping to construct an ideological climate favourable to welfare legislation , it also boosted a conservative , behaviouristic analysis of poverty that viewed the root cause of the children 's [state] as family failure , poor parenting and general social inadequacy .

And , having provided a generally pessimistic account of the evacuee children 's condition , Our Towns drew the conclusion that what was needed was primarily a reform of the education system that would ‘ lay the foundations for community life and expose the schools to the pressure of middle-class standards and requirements ’ , with an emphasis on ‘ training for future wives ’ .
and , having provided a generally pessimistic account of the evacuee children 's [state] , our towns drew the conclusion that what was needed was primarily a reform of the education system that would ‘ lay the foundations for community life and expose the schools to the pressure of middle-class standards and requirements ’ , with an emphasis on ‘ training for future wives ’ .

Both recall and recognition for the central colour detail was unaffected by condition , but the peripheral detail was best recognized and recalled in the neutral condition and worst in the arousal condition .
both recall and recognition for the central colour detail was unaffected by [state] , but the peripheral detail was best recognized and recalled in the neutral [state] and worst in the arousal [state] .

The results from the unusual condition fell in between those from the other two conditions .
the results from the unusual [state] fell in between those from the other two conditions .

When the recall instructions specifically requested the colour of the coat , however , recall for this central detail was significantly better in the arousal condition than in the other two .
when the recall instructions specifically requested the colour of the coat , however , recall for this central detail was significantly better in the arousal [state] than in the other two .

These results seem to be consistent with the idea of attention focusing in the arousal condition , hence improving memory for the central detail at the expense of peripheral information .
these results seem to be consistent with the idea of attention focusing in the arousal [state] , hence improving memory for the central detail at the expense of peripheral information .

Indeed , asking subjects their first thoughts on seeing the critical slide confirmed that they were more likely to be thinking about the woman than the general environment in the arousal condition .
indeed , asking subjects their first thoughts on seeing the critical slide confirmed that they were more likely to be thinking about the woman than the general environment in the arousal [state] .

Although the results from the unusual condition were slightly equivocal , the difference in results between the central and peripheral detail suggests that there is more than just a von Restorff effect present .
although the results from the unusual [state] were slightly equivocal , the difference in results between the central and peripheral detail suggests that there is more than just a von restorff effect present .

In a separate experiment they actually monitored the eye fixations of subjects while watching the slide and found that in the arousal condition subjects fixated more often on central details , though for less time per fixation .
in a separate experiment they actually monitored the eye fixations of subjects while watching the slide and found that in the arousal [state] subjects fixated more often on central details , though for less time per fixation .

They interpret the studies as showing that not only are central details more likely to be attended to in the arousal condition , but that since even when only one eye fixation is permitted the same results occur , there must be differences in the processing of arousing material in addition to the original attentional effect .
they interpret the studies as showing that not only are central details more likely to be attended to in the arousal [state] , but that since even when only one eye fixation is permitted the same results occur , there must be differences in the processing of arousing material in addition to the original attentional effect .

Surprisingly the recall data appeared to show enhanced recall of information in the arousal condition , both for peripheral and central information , though this contrast only reached significance for the central information .
surprisingly the recall data appeared to show enhanced recall of information in the arousal [state] , both for peripheral and central information , though this contrast only reached significance for the central information .

Although subjects in the study could almost all subsequently remember seeing the weapon they were worse at identifying the person holding it than in a comparable condition where the subjects had heard an ordinary conversation followed by a person passing through the room carrying a pen .
although subjects in the study could almost all subsequently remember seeing the weapon they were worse at identifying the person holding it than in a comparable [state] where the subjects had heard an ordinary conversation followed by a person passing through the room carrying a pen .

Subjects were assigned to one of four different conditions with three subjects from each annual mileage group assigned to each condition .
subjects were assigned to one of four different conditions with three subjects from each annual mileage group assigned to each [state] .

One condition was a straight description of the objects and events in the film , the instructions in this case were as follows .
one [state] was a straight description of the objects and events in the film , the instructions in this case were as follows .

Full Description Condition :
full description [state] :

Potential Risks Condition :
potential risks [state] :

In the other condition subjects viewed the same films in the same manner but described only the risks and potential risks in each section of film .
in the other [state] subjects viewed the same films in the same manner but described only the risks and potential risks in each section of film .

The coding system allowed a total of 6,467 comments to be encoded , 4,587 from the description condition and 1,880 from the potential risks condition .
the coding system allowed a total of 6,467 comments to be encoded , 4,587 from the description [state] and 1,880 from the potential risks [state] .

To assess the degree to which this occurred comments in the potential risks condition from each five second section were compared with those from the description condition over the same five seconds .
to assess the degree to which this occurred comments in the potential risks [state] from each five second section were compared with those from the description [state] over the same five seconds .

When this was done it was found that 799 comments from the potential risks condition were given codes which were not used by any subject in the description of that five second section .
when this was done it was found that 799 comments from the potential risks [state] were given codes which were not used by any subject in the description of that five second section .

This time potential risks were only coded if at least one subject from the other condition described the same information from the five second section of film .
this time potential risks were only coded if at least one subject from the other [state] described the same information from the five second section of film .

The same technique can be used to identify those descriptions which were never matched by comments in the potential risks condition , these might be regarded as peripheral details in the stimuli in the sense that they do not appear to be related to risks .
the same technique can be used to identify those descriptions which were never matched by comments in the potential risks [state] , these might be regarded as peripheral details in the stimuli in the sense that they do not appear to be related to risks .

The information from the general descriptions condition in Figure 7.1 shows an interaction between the two types of risk .
the information from the general descriptions [state] in figure 7.1 shows an interaction between the two types of risk .

To give an overview of the way in which the 50 coding categories were used in each condition Tables 7.4 and 7.5 show the total number of times each category was used in the description and potential risks conditions respectively .
to give an overview of the way in which the 50 coding categories were used in each [state] tables 7.4 and 7.5 show the total number of times each category was used in the description and potential risks conditions respectively .

In the potential risks condition the number given in brackets after the total is the number of those potential risks which were matched by at least one description in the same five second section .
in the potential risks [state] the number given in brackets after the total is the number of those potential risks which were matched by at least one description in the same five second section .

One option , which is not a condition of employment is that you join the Local Government Superannuation Scheme .
one option , which is not a [state] of employment is that you join the local government superannuation scheme .

Wimpey physician , Doctor Phelan recommends a combination of the two if you want to be in tip-top condition .
wimpey physician , doctor phelan recommends a combination of the two if you want to be in tip-top [state] .

On the other hand , the group of verbs which occur with predicate qualifiers will be expected to exhibit some degree of compatibility with the noun phrase element of the structure which they govern , although this does not imply that they have to make exactly the same sort of sense when they occur with that phrase alone as they do when the adjective is present , for the very reason that the adjective provides the syntactic-semantic condition under which the relation between the verb and its object holds ; compare leave the items and leave the items date-stamped .
on the other hand , the group of verbs which occur with predicate qualifiers will be expected to exhibit some degree of compatibility with the noun phrase element of the structure which they govern , although this does not imply that they have to make exactly the same sort of sense when they occur with that phrase alone as they do when the adjective is present , for the very reason that the adjective provides the syntactic-semantic [state] under which the relation between the verb and its object holds ; compare leave the items and leave the items date-stamped .

Consider for example : ( 10 ) Haberup made his golem angry If Haberup is the person who originally assembles the golem , he may , through design or carelessness , have produced it so as to start its `` life `` in an unpleasant frame of mind ; sentence ( 10 ) will describe this situation on condition that the adjective is taken as a predicate qualifier , and in this case ( 10 ) does have a matching question with how ?
consider for example : ( 10 ) haberup made his golem angry if haberup is the person who originally assembles the golem , he may , through design or carelessness , have produced it so as to start its `` life `` in an unpleasant frame of mind ; sentence ( 10 ) will describe this situation on [state] that the adjective is taken as a predicate qualifier , and in this case ( 10 ) does have a matching question with how ?

Thus the philosophical Greeks and the industrious Chinese will do as instances of non-restriction only on condition that we allow ourselves a strangely overgeneralized view of the Greeks and the Chinese .
thus the philosophical greeks and the industrious chinese will do as instances of non-restriction only on [state] that we allow ourselves a strangely overgeneralized view of the greeks and the chinese .

Peter , who was in office , was accepted and confirmed as prefect , but on condition that he would govern according to Innocent 's orders .
peter , who was in office , was accepted and confirmed as prefect , but on [state] that he would govern according to innocent 's orders .

It is important that this form is completed accurately ; if you fail to do so and , in particular , if you conceal any medical condition which could affect your work , your continued employment could be placed at risk .
it is important that this form is completed accurately ; if you fail to do so and , in particular , if you conceal any medical [state] which could affect your work , your continued employment could be placed at risk .

If you are absent for reasons of sickness or injury , your entitlement to pay will be as set out in your letter of appointment and/or statement of principal terms and conditions of employment , on condition that :
if you are absent for reasons of sickness or injury , your entitlement to pay will be as set out in your letter of appointment and/or statement of principal terms and conditions of employment , on [state] that :

The contents must reach an acceptable academic standard , as a contractual condition of the award of the qualification , and the standard must be agreed by internal and external examiners — a form of peer review .
the contents must reach an acceptable academic standard , as a contractual [state] of the award of the qualification , and the standard must be agreed by internal and external examiners — a form of peer review .

The Lotus , now quite a rare model , came into Gordon 's possession in 1981 and he spent thousands of hours restoring it to mint condition , despite it having done an estimated 200,000 miles .
the lotus , now quite a rare model , came into gordon 's possession in 1981 and he spent thousands of hours restoring it to mint [state] , despite it having done an estimated 200,000 miles .

We have no need to theorise about this world as a condition for acting in it .
we have no need to theorise about this world as a [state] for acting in it .

Unless this condition was met inferences about relationships within the sample could not be statistically secured .
unless this [state] was met inferences about relationships within the sample could not be statistically secured .

In which case , the absence of random assignment , to use Lieberson 's rendering of the problem , presents special difficulties if `` there is reason to believe that the subjects thereby placed in each condition differ in other ways that themselves have a bearing on the outcome of interest to the researcher `` .
in which case , the absence of random assignment , to use lieberson 's rendering of the problem , presents special difficulties if `` there is reason to believe that the subjects thereby placed in each [state] differ in other ways that themselves have a bearing on the outcome of interest to the researcher `` .

But on his way to one of the farmers that Jack had forlornly recommended , John hit upon the real answer : a large timber plantation of about twenty acres — ash , sycamore , larch , balsam poplar , noble fir , silver pine — all in just the right condition for his purpose .
but on his way to one of the farmers that jack had forlornly recommended , john hit upon the real answer : a large timber plantation of about twenty acres — ash , sycamore , larch , balsam poplar , noble fir , silver pine — all in just the right [state] for his purpose .

She was hospitalized in a critical condition after suffering third-degree burns , and died 21 days later .
she was hospitalized in a critical [state] after suffering third-degree burns , and died 21 days later .

Issalu , nicknamed `` Mother Courage `` after she defied security forces bent on attacking students during campus violence in May 1990 , was reported on May 22 to be in satisfactory condition in hospital in Johannesburg .
issalu , nicknamed `` mother courage `` after she defied security forces bent on attacking students during campus violence in may 1990 , was reported on may 22 to be in satisfactory [state] in hospital in johannesburg .

In the ensuing days the President 's health was closely monitored and , after a further burst of accelerated and irregular heart activity on May 7 , it was announced on the following day that the source of Bush 's condition was an over-active thyroid gland .
in the ensuing days the president 's health was closely monitored and , after a further burst of accelerated and irregular heart activity on may 7 , it was announced on the following day that the source of bush 's [state] was an over-active thyroid gland .

In a speech delivered at the Cabinet 's swearing-in ceremony , Koirala said that Nepal was entering `` a new era of full-fledged democracy `` but warned of `` a very grave and deteriorating economic condition `` .
in a speech delivered at the cabinet 's swearing-in ceremony , koirala said that nepal was entering `` a new era of full-fledged democracy `` but warned of `` a very grave and deteriorating economic [state] `` .

While the condition of pine remained generally unchanged , Bulgaria , East Germany , Hungary , Lithuania , the Netherlands , Portugal , and Switzerland showed a deteriorating trend for older trees .
while the [state] of pine remained generally unchanged , bulgaria , east germany , hungary , lithuania , the netherlands , portugal , and switzerland showed a deteriorating trend for older trees .

It did not , however , specify what would happen if no candidate fulfilled this condition .
it did not , however , specify what would happen if no candidate fulfilled this [state] .

The basis of her legal case was that this condition had been caused by a motor accident four months before her birth in which her mother lost control of a pick-up truck during a cattle muster on the family ranch .
the basis of her legal case was that this [state] had been caused by a motor accident four months before her birth in which her mother lost control of a pick-up truck during a cattle muster on the family ranch .

Aware that the inviolability of frontiers and of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of all states in Europe within their frontiers constitutes a fundamental condition for peace ,
aware that the inviolability of frontiers and of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of all states in europe within their frontiers constitutes a fundamental [state] for peace ,

The factory 's Solidarity union leader Janusz Sciskalsi said that management and the ministry had ignored warnings about the condition of the business .
the factory 's solidarity union leader janusz sciskalsi said that management and the ministry had ignored warnings about the [state] of the business .

Marie-Helène Joiret , a council member in Flémalle , who was with Cools , was shot in the abdomen and subsequently taken to hospital in a serious condition .
marie-helène joiret , a council member in flémalle , who was with cools , was shot in the abdomen and subsequently taken to hospital in a serious [state] .

Israel had insisted that the Soviet Union would have to restore ties as a condition for Israel 's participation in the US-Soviet sponsored Middle East peace conference .
israel had insisted that the soviet union would have to restore ties as a [state] for israel 's participation in the us-soviet sponsored middle east peace conference .

Echoing a view widespread among the developing country members , Mugabe said that while democracy must be their `` pervading principle `` , it should not become a `` sacrosanct `` condition of aid .
echoing a view widespread among the developing country members , mugabe said that while democracy must be their `` pervading principle `` , it should not become a `` sacrosanct `` [state] of aid .

Erich Honecker , the former East German leader given refuge in the Chilean embassy in Moscow in December , sought permission to travel to relatives in Chile on compassionate grounds , claiming that the condition of his health was such that he might not live much longer .
erich honecker , the former east german leader given refuge in the chilean embassy in moscow in december , sought permission to travel to relatives in chile on compassionate grounds , claiming that the [state] of his health was such that he might not live much longer .

With regard to the world conference on human rights due to take place in 1993 it noted the " persistent side-tracking of economic , social and cultural aspects of human rights by some members of the international community , while invoking civil and political aspects of human rights as a condition for extending economic and social development assistance " .
with regard to the world conference on human rights due to take place in 1993 it noted the " persistent side-tracking of economic , social and cultural aspects of human rights by some members of the international community , while invoking civil and political aspects of human rights as a [state] for extending economic and social development assistance " .

He also warned that he would be requesting special powers for the Cabinet in order more speedily to implement economic measures , including privatizations , because , he said , state finances were in `` a dire condition `` .
he also warned that he would be requesting special powers for the cabinet in order more speedily to implement economic measures , including privatizations , because , he said , state finances were in `` a dire [state] `` .

Shortly after she arrived , it was reported that she had accepted President Corazon Aquino `` s condition that Marcos be buried in his home province of Ilocos Norte , rather than in the capital , Manila .
shortly after she arrived , it was reported that she had accepted president corazon aquino `` s [state] that marcos be buried in his home province of ilocos norte , rather than in the capital , manila .

In his inaugural speech in May Lee offered to abandon the `` three no 's `` policy ( no contact , no compromise , no negotiation ) , but only on condition that the mainland renounced the use of force against Taiwan and implemented political and economic reforms [ see p. 38190 ] .
in his inaugural speech in may lee offered to abandon the `` three no 's `` policy ( no contact , no compromise , no negotiation ) , but only on [state] that the mainland renounced the use of force against taiwan and implemented political and economic reforms [ see p. 38190 ] .

On Sept. 9 an official from the French Ministry of Economy and Finance announced that France would help Congo to pay off debt arrears owed to international financial institutions in order to enable the resumption of co-operation between Congo and these bodies . Stephane Bongho-Nouarra Prime Minister , Chairman of the Committee for Priorities and Planning Martin M'beri Minister of State for Interior and Security in charge of Regional Development and Relations with Parliament Gen. Raymond Damase Ngollo Minister of State for National Defence and Military Condition Benjamin Bounkoulou Foreign Affairs , Co-operation and Hydrocarbons Clement Mouamba Economy , Finance and Planning in charge of Forecast and Economic Reforms Jean-François Tchibinda Kouangou Justice and Keeper of the Seals André-Georges Mouyabi Civil Service and Administrative Reforms
on sept. 9 an official from the french ministry of economy and finance announced that france would help congo to pay off debt arrears owed to international financial institutions in order to enable the resumption of co-operation between congo and these bodies . stephane bongho-nouarra prime minister , chairman of the committee for priorities and planning martin m'beri minister of state for interior and security in charge of regional development and relations with parliament gen. raymond damase ngollo minister of state for national defence and military [state] benjamin bounkoulou foreign affairs , co-operation and hydrocarbons clement mouamba economy , finance and planning in charge of forecast and economic reforms jean-françois tchibinda kouangou justice and keeper of the seals andré-georges mouyabi civil service and administrative reforms

He declared that his new government would not `` create another condition that could be used as a pretext to overthrow it `` .
he declared that his new government would not `` create another [state] that could be used as a pretext to overthrow it `` .

It provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of Cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of Russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of Russia 's radio-electronic centre in Cuba , primarily to facilitate diplomatic traffic to North America and with its intelligence functions `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of Russian components and spare parts for existing Cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of Russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the Cuban Juraga nuclear power plant halted in September [ see p. 39090 ] , on the condition that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly France ) be agreed by Feb. 1 , 1993 .
it provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of russia 's radio-electronic centre in cuba , primarily to facilitate diplomatic traffic to north america and with its intelligence functions `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of russian components and spare parts for existing cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the cuban juraga nuclear power plant halted in september [ see p. 39090 ] , on the [state] that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly france ) be agreed by feb. 1 , 1993 .

In the Netherlands on Nov. 12 the Second Chamber ( lower house ) approved by 137 votes to 13 a bill to ratify the Treaty on condition that parliament be consulted in advance of the introduction of a single European currency ( a precondition also imposed by the German Bundestag — see p. 39158 ) .
in the netherlands on nov. 12 the second chamber ( lower house ) approved by 137 votes to 13 a bill to ratify the treaty on [state] that parliament be consulted in advance of the introduction of a single european currency ( a precondition also imposed by the german bundestag — see p. 39158 ) .

Shinjuro Yamamura , the chairman of the Diet budget committee , was stabbed to death on April 12 by his own daughter , who had reportedly been receiving treatment for a psychiatric condition .
shinjuro yamamura , the chairman of the diet budget committee , was stabbed to death on april 12 by his own daughter , who had reportedly been receiving treatment for a psychiatric [state] .

All the rest depend on this being present , for if a procedure is not appropriate to a particular patient 's condition it can not be judged quality care ( Shaw undated ) .
all the rest depend on this being present , for if a procedure is not appropriate to a particular patient 's [state] it can not be judged quality care ( shaw undated ) .

Worksheets which are in good condition are treated with more respect than those which too quickly are crumpled , torn or part company with the staples or covering .
worksheets which are in good [state] are treated with more respect than those which too quickly are crumpled , torn or part company with the staples or covering .

Secondly , the gift must be made upon the condition that it is to be absolute and perfected only on the donor 's death , being revocable until that event occurs and ineffective if it does not .
secondly , the gift must be made upon the [state] that it is to be absolute and perfected only on the donor 's death , being revocable until that event occurs and ineffective if it does not .

The condition of rented property would be improved .
the [state] of rented property would be improved .

These small houses are let at rents varying from 10s to 15s , according to size , condition and position .
these small houses are let at rents varying from 10s to 15s , according to size , [state] and position .

The results … confirm a dire state of disrepair in the housing stock with virtually no improvement achieved since the earlier survey conducted in 1982 … The figures reveal : ( a ) 5 % of the total housing stock is unfit for human habitation ; ( b ) a further 2.4 million dwellings are in poor repair ; ( c ) 15 % of the total housing stock is in poor condition ; and ( d ) 543,000 dwellings lack basic amenities .
the results … confirm a dire state of disrepair in the housing stock with virtually no improvement achieved since the earlier survey conducted in 1982 … the figures reveal : ( a ) 5 % of the total housing stock is unfit for human habitation ; ( b ) a further 2.4 million dwellings are in poor repair ; ( c ) 15 % of the total housing stock is in poor [state] ; and ( d ) 543,000 dwellings lack basic amenities .

The scale of disrepair disclosed by the survey affects all tenure sectors although , as usual , the condition in the private rented sector is worse than elsewhere ; for example , one in six dwellings in the private sector was found to be unfit for human habitation …
the scale of disrepair disclosed by the survey affects all tenure sectors although , as usual , the [state] in the private rented sector is worse than elsewhere ; for example , one in six dwellings in the private sector was found to be unfit for human habitation …

The courts have found breaches of this covenant in situations where homes were in such a poor condition when let that they represented a serious danger to health or safety .
the courts have found breaches of this covenant in situations where homes were in such a poor [state] when let that they represented a serious danger to health or safety .

8 ( 1 ) In a contract to which this section applies for the letting of a house for human habitation there is implied , notwithstanding any stipulation to the contrary — ( a ) a condition that the house is fit for human habitation at the commencement of the tenancy , and ( b ) an undertaking that the house will be kept by the landlord fit for human habitation during the tenancy .
8 ( 1 ) in a contract to which this section applies for the letting of a house for human habitation there is implied , notwithstanding any stipulation to the contrary — ( a ) a [state] that the house is fit for human habitation at the commencement of the tenancy , and ( b ) an undertaking that the house will be kept by the landlord fit for human habitation during the tenancy .

( 3 ) This section applies to a contract if — ( a ) the rent does not exceed the figure applicable in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) , and ( b ) the letting is not on such terms as to the tenant 's responsibility as are mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) … ( 5 ) This section does not apply where a house is let for a term of three years or more ( the lease not being determinable at the option of either party before the expiration of three years ) upon terms that the tenant puts the premises into a condition reasonably fit for human habitation .
( 3 ) this section applies to a contract if — ( a ) the rent does not exceed the figure applicable in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) , and ( b ) the letting is not on such terms as to the tenant 's responsibility as are mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) … ( 5 ) this section does not apply where a house is let for a term of three years or more ( the lease not being determinable at the option of either party before the expiration of three years ) upon terms that the tenant puts the premises into a [state] reasonably fit for human habitation .

10 In determining for the purposes of this Act whether a house is unfit for human habitation , regard shall be had to its condition in respect of the following matters — repair , stability , freedom from damp , internal arrangement , natural lighting , ventilation , water supply , drainage and sanitary conveniences , facilities for preparation and cooking of food and for the disposal of waste water ; and the house shall be regarded as unfit for human habitation if , and only if , it is so far defective in one or more of those matters that it is not reasonably suitable for occupation in that condition .
10 in determining for the purposes of this act whether a house is unfit for human habitation , regard shall be had to its [state] in respect of the following matters — repair , stability , freedom from damp , internal arrangement , natural lighting , ventilation , water supply , drainage and sanitary conveniences , facilities for preparation and cooking of food and for the disposal of waste water ; and the house shall be regarded as unfit for human habitation if , and only if , it is so far defective in one or more of those matters that it is not reasonably suitable for occupation in that [state] .

But when she came to one edge of the paving slabs … she tripped and fell ; and it was common ground that there was a difference in height between the concrete and the paving slab of an inch and a half … The judge found that the defendants , by their servants , well knew of this condition .
but when she came to one edge of the paving slabs … she tripped and fell ; and it was common ground that there was a difference in height between the concrete and the paving slab of an inch and a half … the judge found that the defendants , by their servants , well knew of this [state] .

19 ( 1 ) In all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …
19 ( 1 ) in all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this act containing a covenant [state] or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant [state] or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …

( 6 ) It is for the person who owed any duty under subsection ( 3 ) above — ( a ) if he gave consent and the question arises whether he gave it within a reasonable time , to show that he did , ( b ) if he gave consent subject to any condition and the question arises whether the condition was a reasonable condition , to show that it was , ( c ) if he did not give consent and the question arises whether it was reasonable for him not to do so , to show that it was reasonable , and , if the question arises whether he served notice under that subsection within a reasonable time , to show that he did .
( 6 ) it is for the person who owed any duty under subsection ( 3 ) above — ( a ) if he gave consent and the question arises whether he gave it within a reasonable time , to show that he did , ( b ) if he gave consent subject to any [state] and the question arises whether the [state] was a reasonable [state] , to show that it was , ( c ) if he did not give consent and the question arises whether it was reasonable for him not to do so , to show that it was reasonable , and , if the question arises whether he served notice under that subsection within a reasonable time , to show that he did .

What this appeal is concerned with , however , is only the landlord 's obligation to repay once the lease has expired without breach of covenant , there being neither any obligation on the original landlord to pay over the amount of the deposit to an assignee of the reversion nor any obligation on the original tenant to assign to an assignee of the term his contractual right to receive back the amount of the deposit when and if the condition for its repayment is fulfilled …
what this appeal is concerned with , however , is only the landlord 's obligation to repay once the lease has expired without breach of covenant , there being neither any obligation on the original landlord to pay over the amount of the deposit to an assignee of the reversion nor any obligation on the original tenant to assign to an assignee of the term his contractual right to receive back the amount of the deposit when and if the [state] for its repayment is fulfilled …

141 ( 1 ) Rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision therein contained , having reference to the subject-matter thereof , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every condition of re-entry and other condition therein contained , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part thereof , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .
141 ( 1 ) rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision therein contained , having reference to the subject-matter thereof , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every [state] of re-entry and other [state] therein contained , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part thereof , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .

142 ( 2 ) The obligation under a condition or of a covenant entered into by a lessor with reference to the subject-matter of the lease shall , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the reversionary estate immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , be annexed and incident to and shall go with that reversionary estate , or the several parts thereof , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and may be taken advantage of and enforced by the person in whom the term is from time to time vested by conveyance , devolution in law , or otherwise ; and , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the person from time to time entitled to that reversionary estate , the obligation aforesaid may be taken advantage of and enforced against any person so entitled .
142 ( 2 ) the obligation under a [state] or of a covenant entered into by a lessor with reference to the subject-matter of the lease shall , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the reversionary estate immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , be annexed and incident to and shall go with that reversionary estate , or the several parts thereof , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and may be taken advantage of and enforced by the person in whom the term is from time to time vested by conveyance , devolution in law , or otherwise ; and , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the person from time to time entitled to that reversionary estate , the obligation aforesaid may be taken advantage of and enforced against any person so entitled .

Nevertheless , it would be possible for the landlord , when granting consent to the assignment , to impose a condition that the tenant will be liable to guarantee the performance of some or all of the lease covenants by his immediate successor .
nevertheless , it would be possible for the landlord , when granting consent to the assignment , to impose a [state] that the tenant will be liable to guarantee the performance of some or all of the lease covenants by his immediate successor .

Section 6(2) states : … where a person , having possession or control ( lawfully or not ) of property belonging to another , parts with the property under a condition as to its return which he may not be able to perform this ( if done for purposes of his own and without the other 's authority ) amounts to treating the property as his own to dispose of regardless of the other 's rights .
section 6(2) states : … where a person , having possession or control ( lawfully or not ) of property belonging to another , parts with the property under a [state] as to its return which he may not be able to perform this ( if done for purposes of his own and without the other 's authority ) amounts to treating the property as his own to dispose of regardless of the other 's rights .

However , the accused would be guilty if he became aware of the condition during the robbery .
however , the accused would be guilty if he became aware of the [state] during the robbery .

This includes looking after indicators , lighting and general tidiness to ensure that lift cars and such like are left in a good condition .
this includes looking after indicators , lighting and general tidiness to ensure that lift cars and such like are left in a good [state] .

As part of the lift maintenance contract , maintenance companies will provide regular reports on your lift installations to advise you , on a continually updated basis , as to their condition , reliability and future performance expectations .
as part of the lift maintenance contract , maintenance companies will provide regular reports on your lift installations to advise you , on a continually updated basis , as to their [state] , reliability and future performance expectations .

Assuming that its purpose has been determined , once the machine arrives there are several steps that can be taken to maintain its good condition and ensure a long life .
assuming that its purpose has been determined , once the machine arrives there are several steps that can be taken to maintain its good [state] and ensure a long life .

She was worried about catching public transport in such a condition and went to her son 's office to ask him to drive her home .
she was worried about catching public transport in such a [state] and went to her son 's office to ask him to drive her home .

The duty is to provide the necessary plant and equipment and take reasonable care to maintain it in proper condition .
the duty is to provide the necessary plant and equipment and take reasonable care to maintain it in proper [state] .

The state of a country 's trading balance on a geographical basis may direct our attention to the condition of the trade balance with the rest of the world .
the state of a country 's trading balance on a geographical basis may direct our attention to the [state] of the trade balance with the rest of the world .

( 1 ) The following conditions shall at all times be satisfied by a recognised body and where any condition fails to be satisfied by a recognised body the recognition of the body by the Council shall expire :
( 1 ) the following conditions shall at all times be satisfied by a recognised body and where any [state] fails to be satisfied by a recognised body the recognition of the body by the council shall expire :

( c ) forthwith of any of the occurrences referred to in Rule 9(2) or where a condition referred to in Rule 9(1) ceases to be satisfied .
( c ) forthwith of any of the occurrences referred to in rule 9(2) or where a [state] referred to in rule 9(1) ceases to be satisfied .

Bamford remarks that such talents were `` not often possessed by men of his condition in society `` at that time and that he stood `` far above his rustic acquaintance in the village `` .
bamford remarks that such talents were `` not often possessed by men of his [state] in society `` at that time and that he stood `` far above his rustic acquaintance in the village `` .

The rationale of the putting-out system was that it enabled the merchant capitalist to draw on only as much labour as he needed at any given condition of the market .
the rationale of the putting-out system was that it enabled the merchant capitalist to draw on only as much labour as he needed at any given [state] of the market .

Piety as well as gin helps to fill up their leisure moments … Methodism has made a very rapid progress , and has been of no trifling service in diverting the attention of these sons of darkness from their present condition to the glories of the life to come .
piety as well as gin helps to fill up their leisure moments … methodism has made a very rapid progress , and has been of no trifling service in diverting the attention of these sons of darkness from their present [state] to the glories of the life to come .

Even servants , in process of time , acquired a state of freedom and independency unknown to this rank in any other nation ; and which , as the law now stands , is inconsistent with a servile condition .
even servants , in process of time , acquired a state of freedom and independency unknown to this rank in any other nation ; and which , as the law now stands , is inconsistent with a servile [state] .

In contrast to the chances afforded by the cotton mills , consider Davies ' comment of 1795 on the condition of Berkshire farm labourers ' families , scarcely able to live on wages of 8 to 9s ( 40-45p ) a week , whose wives earned only from 6d to 1s ( 2½ — 5p ) weekly when their seasonal and casual earnings were averaged out .
in contrast to the chances afforded by the cotton mills , consider davies ' comment of 1795 on the [state] of berkshire farm labourers ' families , scarcely able to live on wages of 8 to 9s ( 40-45p ) a week , whose wives earned only from 6d to 1s ( 2½ — 5p ) weekly when their seasonal and casual earnings were averaged out .

Most exploited in this respect were the women farm workers , usually young female relatives rather than wives , who under the `` hind `` system of employment in the North were supplied as a condition of the male worker 's annual agreement ( bond ) .
most exploited in this respect were the women farm workers , usually young female relatives rather than wives , who under the `` hind `` system of employment in the north were supplied as a [state] of the male worker 's annual agreement ( bond ) .

they all combine , ( the Spitalfields weavers excepted , and what a miserable condition are they in ) .
they all combine , ( the spitalfields weavers excepted , and what a miserable [state] are they in ) .

Without a terminating condition the search could continue indefinitely or at least until the space of hypotheses was exhausted .
without a terminating [state] the search could continue indefinitely or at least until the space of hypotheses was exhausted .

Unless some task-specific terminating condition has been specified the parser will automatically explore every possible pathway determined by the knowledge sources , the input , and the procedures for constructing extensions to interpretations .
unless some task-specific terminating [state] has been specified the parser will automatically explore every possible pathway determined by the knowledge sources , the input , and the procedures for constructing extensions to interpretations .

The distinction is important because breach of a condition gives the other party the right to repudiate the contract and claim damages .
the distinction is important because breach of a [state] gives the other party the right to repudiate the contract and claim damages .

If the machine has not been delivered by that date , the buyer can treat the failure to deliver as a breach of a condition and he can cancel the contract as time for delivery is usually construed as being a condition ; see Hartley v Hyams [ 1920 ] .
if the machine has not been delivered by that date , the buyer can treat the failure to deliver as a breach of a [state] and he can cancel the contract as time for delivery is usually construed as being a [state] ; see hartley v hyams [ 1920 ] .

If it does then the term will be effectively promoted to the rank of condition with all that that entails , otherwise it will be classed as a warranty .
if it does then the term will be effectively promoted to the rank of [state] with all that that entails , otherwise it will be classed as a warranty .

For example , if the ship had a 5 degree list and was badly leaking it would be totally unseaworthy and this would be a breach of a condition enabling the hirer to repudiate the contract .
for example , if the ship had a 5 degree list and was badly leaking it would be totally unseaworthy and this would be a breach of a [state] enabling the hirer to repudiate the contract .

Such a breach would go to the root of the contract and would be a breach of a condition , giving the person acquiring the program the right to cancel the contract and recover the cost of the system plus any direct losses .
such a breach would go to the root of the contract and would be a breach of a [state] , giving the person acquiring the program the right to cancel the contract and recover the cost of the system plus any direct losses .

There may be some terms however which are obviously conditions , for example , if the contract is for the delivery of a particular make of computer , and the seller attempts to deliver a different make altogether , this would clearly be a breach of condition .
there may be some terms however which are obviously conditions , for example , if the contract is for the delivery of a particular make of computer , and the seller attempts to deliver a different make altogether , this would clearly be a breach of [state] .

On the other hand , if it turns out that the network fails when more than 7 machines are in use , the term would be regarded as a condition .
on the other hand , if it turns out that the network fails when more than 7 machines are in use , the term would be regarded as a [state] .

Sometimes a term can start as a condition , become a warranty and then revert to a condition .
sometimes a term can start as a [state] , become a warranty and then revert to a [state] .

The work was not complete by that time , and although time for delivery is usually a condition , the defendant did not cancel the contract as he was entitled to do , but continued to press for delivery , thereby waiving his right to cancel .
the work was not complete by that time , and although time for delivery is usually a [state] , the defendant did not cancel the contract as he was entitled to do , but continued to press for delivery , thereby waiving his right to cancel .

It was held that when time for delivery is of the essence of a contract for the sale of goods ( that is , a condition ) and after the stipulated time has elapsed the buyer waives his right to cancel by pressing for delivery , converting the term into a warranty , he may later give notice setting a reasonable deadline , once again making the time for delivery a condition of the contract .
it was held that when time for delivery is of the essence of a contract for the sale of goods ( that is , a [state] ) and after the stipulated time has elapsed the buyer waives his right to cancel by pressing for delivery , converting the term into a warranty , he may later give notice setting a reasonable deadline , once again making the time for delivery a [state] of the contract .

The stipulation of liquidated damages for breach of a particular term contradicts the possibility of that term being a condition ; therefore , terms backed by liquidated damages will usually not be regarded as conditions , unless the scale of the breach is considerable .
the stipulation of liquidated damages for breach of a particular term contradicts the possibility of that term being a [state] ; therefore , terms backed by liquidated damages will usually not be regarded as conditions , unless the scale of the breach is considerable .

These define the professional standards which members must maintain as a condition of membership .
these define the professional standards which members must maintain as a [state] of membership .

Considerably more sacrilegious , albeit in a flippant way , is Du Con qui fu fait a la besche , `` Of the cunt , which was made with a spade `` , in which God is presented as having forgotten to give Eve genitals and then allowing the Devil to remedy this , on the condition that he neither adds to nor takes anything away from God 's creature .
considerably more sacrilegious , albeit in a flippant way , is du con qui fu fait a la besche , `` of the cunt , which was made with a spade `` , in which god is presented as having forgotten to give eve genitals and then allowing the devil to remedy this , on the [state] that he neither adds to nor takes anything away from god 's creature .

He , like Bédier , identified the fundamental problem posed by fabliaux to the scholar as that of identifying the social condition of the audience they were addressed to .
he , like bédier , identified the fundamental problem posed by fabliaux to the scholar as that of identifying the social [state] of the audience they were addressed to .

If we take these as emblematic of the human condition , the morals drawn at the end of these tales look conspicuously , even deliberately , inadequate .
if we take these as emblematic of the human [state] , the morals drawn at the end of these tales look conspicuously , even deliberately , inadequate .

Condition , shape and size are immaterial .
[state] , shape and size are immaterial .

If anyone has a club or two which they can spare ( any condition , as they will be repainted ) please contact Hilary .
if anyone has a club or two which they can spare ( any [state] , as they will be repainted ) please contact hilary .

Thus there are clear cases of indirect assistance , such as ( 14 ) above ( where the bare infinitive sounds strange because `` a sharp list `` can not participate in the action of `` cutting loose `` , but rather must be conceived as providing a necessary condition for its realization ) .
thus there are clear cases of indirect assistance , such as ( 14 ) above ( where the bare infinitive sounds strange because `` a sharp list `` can not participate in the action of `` cutting loose `` , but rather must be conceived as providing a necessary [state] for its realization ) .

The helping is represented therefore as a prior condition or circumstance which enables someone to realize the action denoted by the infinitive .
the helping is represented therefore as a prior [state] or circumstance which enables someone to realize the action denoted by the infinitive .

We will argue that in uses such as these perception is being evoked only inasmuch as the act of perception is the condition allowing one to assert that the infinitive event actually occurred .
we will argue that in uses such as these perception is being evoked only inasmuch as the act of perception is the [state] allowing one to assert that the infinitive event actually occurred .

Perceiving is therefore not thought of as an instant-by-instant following of a phenomenon with the senses , but rather as a condition ( conceived as an abstract before-position ) from whose existence the occurrence of the infinitive action can be inferred resultatively or factually , the latter being conceived therefore as an after-position .
perceiving is therefore not thought of as an instant-by-instant following of a phenomenon with the senses , but rather as a [state] ( conceived as an abstract before-position ) from whose existence the occurrence of the infinitive action can be inferred resultatively or factually , the latter being conceived therefore as an after-position .

The following example of the verb hear , while not equivalent to " is reported to have " , represents another case where perception is evoked merely as the condition for asserting a fact : ( 77 ) With these words , Mr Weller left the room , and immediately afterwards was heard to shut the street-door . ( Dickens 1890 : 423 )
the following example of the verb hear , while not equivalent to " is reported to have " , represents another case where perception is evoked merely as the [state] for asserting a fact : ( 77 ) with these words , mr weller left the room , and immediately afterwards was heard to shut the street-door . ( dickens 1890 : 423 )

It will be argued here that the above-noted tendency of the infinitival construction to imply greater subjectivity and possibility of doubt indicates that know is being evoked not just as the state of `` being aware of a fact `` in these uses but also as the condition for being able to attribute to the direct object of know the event denoted by the infinitive .
it will be argued here that the above-noted tendency of the infinitival construction to imply greater subjectivity and possibility of doubt indicates that know is being evoked not just as the state of `` being aware of a fact `` in these uses but also as the [state] for being able to attribute to the direct object of know the event denoted by the infinitive .

The common denominator of this type of use is not therefore non-entailment but rather viewing knowledge of the referent denoted by the direct object of know as a condition for attributing what the infinitive denotes to this referent .
the common denominator of this type of use is not therefore non-entailment but rather viewing knowledge of the referent denoted by the direct object of know as a [state] for attributing what the infinitive denotes to this referent .

Since a condition has a logical priority with respect to what it allows , there is a before/after relation between what know predicates and what the infinitive does , which calls for the use of to .
since a [state] has a logical priority with respect to what it allows , there is a before/after relation between what know predicates and what the infinitive does , which calls for the use of to .

One observes that the only difference between these verbs and know lies in the type of condition invoked as allowing one to represent the person or thing denoted by the direct object as being in the state denoted by the infinitive : knowledge vs belief or opinion .
one observes that the only difference between these verbs and know lies in the type of [state] invoked as allowing one to represent the person or thing denoted by the direct object as being in the state denoted by the infinitive : knowledge vs belief or opinion .

An example has even been found where two kinds of condition — and consequently two degrees of certainty — are evoked with respect to the same event : ( 107 ) One of them knew , or anyhow guessed , the other to have caused the accident .
an example has even been found where two kinds of [state] — and consequently two degrees of certainty — are evoked with respect to the same event : ( 107 ) one of them knew , or anyhow guessed , the other to have caused the accident .

In other terms , knowing is not represented as the direct experiencing of a phenomenon here , but rather , as with the passive of perceptual verbs , as the condition for attibuting a characteristic to someone .
in other terms , knowing is not represented as the direct experiencing of a phenomenon here , but rather , as with the passive of perceptual verbs , as the [state] for attibuting a characteristic to someone .

Thus even though know has the operative sense in this use , the operation of obtaining knowledge is seen merely as the condition for predicating the infinitive 's event of the direct object .
thus even though know has the operative sense in this use , the operation of obtaining knowledge is seen merely as the [state] for predicating the infinitive 's event of the direct object .

Experience can also be evoked as the condition for attributing a characteristic behaviour to someone , however , and this explains the possibility of using to even with the operative sense of know .
experience can also be evoked as the [state] for attributing a characteristic behaviour to someone , however , and this explains the possibility of using to even with the operative sense of know .

In ( 138a ) and ( 139a ) make implies that it is the person ( s ) referred to by its subject ( they , the newspapers ) who themselves engage in warfare or commit an error , whereas in ( 138b ) and ( 139b ) cause represents its subject as a condition or circumstance which provokes engagement in warfare or commission of an error by some other agent .
in ( 138a ) and ( 139a ) make implies that it is the person ( s ) referred to by its subject ( they , the newspapers ) who themselves engage in warfare or commit an error , whereas in ( 138b ) and ( 139b ) cause represents its subject as a [state] or circumstance which provokes engagement in warfare or commission of an error by some other agent .

In this respect cause recalls the impression of an enabling condition associated with the verb help when used with the to infinitive .
in this respect cause recalls the impression of an enabling [state] associated with the verb help when used with the to infinitive .

In ( 145 ) and ( 146 ) , the subject of cause is clearly a condition , and the to infinitive evokes its consequence : the causal agent is not conceived as actually doing anything in either of these sentences but merely as having been the condition giving rise to a new state of affairs .
in ( 145 ) and ( 146 ) , the subject of cause is clearly a [state] , and the to infinitive evokes its consequence : the causal agent is not conceived as actually doing anything in either of these sentences but merely as having been the [state] giving rise to a new state of affairs .

In ( 135 ) , although make would have been possible , the writer has chosen cause , and has thus felt it to be more appropriate to represent the subject of the verb ( `` raising the temperature of a compound `` ) as an external condition which sets off a reaction of decomposition in compounds rather than as an agent which exerts its causative action at the same time as the reaction occurs .
in ( 135 ) , although make would have been possible , the writer has chosen cause , and has thus felt it to be more appropriate to represent the subject of the verb ( `` raising the temperature of a compound `` ) as an external [state] which sets off a reaction of decomposition in compounds rather than as an agent which exerts its causative action at the same time as the reaction occurs .

realizing a prior condition for the infinitive 's event ) , then have is inappropriate : this is the case in ( 177 ) .
realizing a prior [state] for the infinitive 's event ) , then have is inappropriate : this is the case in ( 177 ) .

Allow and permit , in contrast , represent permission as a prior condition — often in the form of the illocutionary act of giving permission — making the infinitive event 's accomplishment licit .
allow and permit , in contrast , represent permission as a prior [state] — often in the form of the illocutionary act of giving permission — making the infinitive event 's accomplishment licit .

Indeed , as Valin ( 1981 : 6 – 7 ) points out , any act of language must fulfil the basic condition of saying something about someone or something .
indeed , as valin ( 1981 : 6 – 7 ) points out , any act of language must fulfil the basic [state] of saying something about someone or something .

" Is Grace in bad condition ? "
" is grace in bad [state] ? "

" And how much anchor chain have you got ? The regulation fifteen fathoms ? All in good condition ? "
" and how much anchor chain have you got ? the regulation fifteen fathoms ? all in good [state] ? "

Before using a non-stick tin it should be washed , rinsed and dried , then lightly coated with cooking oil or fat to condition the surface .
before using a non-stick tin it should be washed , rinsed and dried , then lightly coated with cooking oil or fat to [state] the surface .

Cut off from close friends and sympathetic counsellors , and without any creed to turn to for support , he was in an ideal condition to respond to a new spiritual guide : his discovery of Schopenhauer when browsing one day in Leipzig bookshop seemed like an event preordained .
cut off from close friends and sympathetic counsellors , and without any creed to turn to for support , he was in an ideal [state] to respond to a new spiritual guide : his discovery of schopenhauer when browsing one day in leipzig bookshop seemed like an event preordained .

It induces nausea and thereby inaction , since nothing can be done to affect the essential condition : action requires illusion .
it induces nausea and thereby inaction , since nothing can be done to affect the essential [state] : action requires illusion .

The term was to cover 21 years with a Royalty of one-twelfth of all metals and minerals — in a merchantable condition .
the term was to cover 21 years with a royalty of one-twelfth of all metals and minerals — in a merchantable [state] .

Some of the houses were very likely in poor condition .
some of the houses were very likely in poor [state] .

This suggestion of subfecundity among young girls who marry at too early an age is notable in some other countries as well , and the condition may be temporary or long lasting .
this suggestion of subfecundity among young girls who marry at too early an age is notable in some other countries as well , and the [state] may be temporary or long lasting .

There are three main sentence patterns for expressing condition in English .
there are three main sentence patterns for expressing [state] in english .

condition ( v )
[state] ( v )

This is a condition whereby new material is confused with old material in such a way that neither can be remembered .
this is a [state] whereby new material is confused with old material in such a way that neither can be remembered .

Among other relics was discovered a folding chair , this being in a badly burned condition having been placed on the funeral pyre .
among other relics was discovered a folding chair , this being in a badly burned [state] having been placed on the funeral pyre .

The servi were the lowest in class , Somner in 1640 , writing `` a base tenant , men of servile condition , bondsmen or bond slaves particularly in the Bishop of Rochester 's Manors of Woldham , Trottescliffe and Halling etc . ``
the servi were the lowest in class , somner in 1640 , writing `` a base tenant , men of servile [state] , bondsmen or bond slaves particularly in the bishop of rochester 's manors of woldham , trottescliffe and halling etc . ``

`` It seems to have been an edifice of remote antiquity , and is built of rough stones , and was in my memory , in a ruinated condition without roof and timbers , but has now , for some years past been converted into a workshop and dwelling house inhabited by a wheelwright .
`` it seems to have been an edifice of remote antiquity , and is built of rough stones , and was in my memory , in a ruinated [state] without roof and timbers , but has now , for some years past been converted into a workshop and dwelling house inhabited by a wheelwright .

There are some who say the vision occurred at Halling and one sceptic says the wind whistling through the palace in its Ninous condition combined with his fever would account for the voices .
there are some who say the vision occurred at halling and one sceptic says the wind whistling through the palace in its ninous [state] combined with his fever would account for the voices .

This Bishop found the palace and other buildings neglected and in a ruinous condition and carried out a great deal of repair work to the palace and also added to the building ( to quote ) , `` in a most commodious manner `` .
this bishop found the palace and other buildings neglected and in a ruinous [state] and carried out a great deal of repair work to the palace and also added to the building ( to quote ) , `` in a most commodious manner `` .

In 1589 he was nominated by Lord Burghley for a position of a Judge , an office he humbly declined , giving as his reason failing eye sight which hampered his work , a condition brought on by continuous study of old documents .
in 1589 he was nominated by lord burghley for a position of a judge , an office he humbly declined , giving as his reason failing eye sight which hampered his work , a [state] brought on by continuous study of old documents .

At the beginning of the 19th century the condition of the agricultural workers was desperately poor and for the next forty years wages did not improve .
at the beginning of the 19th century the [state] of the agricultural workers was desperately poor and for the next forty years wages did not improve .

They also tell us of a field with the manor house in a ruinous condition .
they also tell us of a field with the manor house in a ruinous [state] .

It was in excellent condition , was only a year old and cost me £85 .
it was in excellent [state] , was only a year old and cost me £85 .

On the other hand , a sudden large weight gain that 's not from eating good food , but from retaining large amounts of fluid , could be a sign of pre-eclampsia , a condition that restricts the blood flow to the placenta .
on the other hand , a sudden large weight gain that 's not from eating good food , but from retaining large amounts of fluid , could be a sign of pre-eclampsia , a [state] that restricts the blood flow to the placenta .

Your files should be in such a condition that anyone taking over the project in your place can make immediate use of them .
your files should be in such a [state] that anyone taking over the project in your place can make immediate use of them .

Even so , Police Constable Clifford nearly hit her , and it was only by a combination of his skill and the excellent condition of his car 's brakes that he was able to stop a fraction of a second before knocking her down .
even so , police constable clifford nearly hit her , and it was only by a combination of his skill and the excellent [state] of his car 's brakes that he was able to stop a fraction of a second before knocking her down .

Body seems in fair condition , own hair , not thinning .
body seems in fair [state] , own hair , not thinning .

The cast had one or two teeth missing from extractions and Some fillings , but on the whole the teeth were in good condition . ``
the cast had one or two teeth missing from extractions and some fillings , but on the whole the teeth were in good [state] . ``

The other is found by the condition that and we obtain , finally : Now form the Laplace transforms of these two expressions by replacing by and .
the other is found by the [state] that and we obtain , finally : now form the laplace transforms of these two expressions by replacing by and .

This implies the rather restricting condition that they all have the same activation energy and there are doubts upon this point being raised in recent research .
this implies the rather restricting [state] that they all have the same activation energy and there are doubts upon this point being raised in recent research .

If the region under consideration is a representative volume then the relations between average stress and strain are the same for both types of boundary condition and therefore ( Note .
if the region under consideration is a representative volume then the relations between average stress and strain are the same for both types of boundary [state] and therefore ( note .

For isotropic materials the condition reduces to by setting equal to a pure dilation and a pure shear , respectively .
for isotropic materials the [state] reduces to by setting equal to a pure dilation and a pure shear , respectively .

( If both ends are free the boundary condition is cosh ml = + 1 . )
( if both ends are free the boundary [state] is cosh ml = + 1 . )

This allows the description of Mariana 's surroundings to relate to her own mental condition .
this allows the description of mariana 's surroundings to relate to her own mental [state] .

In the past Gunn has admired the male form in the peak of condition as a statuesque work of beauty .
in the past gunn has admired the male form in the peak of [state] as a statuesque work of beauty .

After 24 hours treatment with intravenous fluids , potassium supplements , cotrimoxazole and hydrocortisone , the patient 's condition improved .
after 24 hours treatment with intravenous fluids , potassium supplements , cotrimoxazole and hydrocortisone , the patient 's [state] improved .

Before antibiotic treatment was used , the condition was universally fatal .
before antibiotic treatment was used , the [state] was universally fatal .

His general condition deteriorated steadily , despite additional broad spectrum drugs and intensive nutritional support .
his general [state] deteriorated steadily , despite additional broad spectrum drugs and intensive nutritional support .

The primary end points were ascertained at day 28 as ( a ) the investigator 's overall assessment of the patient 's condition compared with pretreatment , ‘ investigator 's assessment ’ , ( b ) the patient 's assessment of remission as recorded in the diary card , ‘ patient 's assessment ’ , and ( c ) the sigmoidoscopy score .
the primary end points were ascertained at day 28 as ( a ) the investigator 's overall assessment of the patient 's [state] compared with pretreatment , ‘ investigator 's assessment ’ , ( b ) the patient 's assessment of remission as recorded in the diary card , ‘ patient 's assessment ’ , and ( c ) the sigmoidoscopy score .

Patients with this condition occurring within three years of the date of the study were identified and those still under the care of the endoscopy service were recalled .
patients with this [state] occurring within three years of the date of the study were identified and those still under the care of the endoscopy service were recalled .

Finally , we analysed the influence of oral colonic washout by comparing serum concentration-time curves in the steady state condition with those after the start of the lavage .
finally , we analysed the influence of oral colonic washout by comparing serum concentration-time curves in the steady state [state] with those after the start of the lavage .

In reality the prognosis of this condition is a good deal better — several groups having reported both short and long term survival rates that are broadly comparable with those found in younger patients .
in reality the prognosis of this [state] is a good deal better — several groups having reported both short and long term survival rates that are broadly comparable with those found in younger patients .

Indeed , it has been claimed that irritable bowel syndrome is primarily a small intestinal condition and that symptoms originate mainly from this site .
indeed , it has been claimed that irritable bowel syndrome is primarily a small intestinal [state] and that symptoms originate mainly from this site .

One patient with a severe form of the disease ( large tumour , poor general condition , and a rapid course ) was treated with an anthracin-containing regimen ( cyclophosphamide , adriamycin , vincristine , prednisone ) combined with radiotherapy ( 25 Grays ) .
one patient with a severe form of the disease ( large tumour , poor general [state] , and a rapid course ) was treated with an anthracin-containing regimen ( cyclophosphamide , adriamycin , vincristine , prednisone ) combined with radiotherapy ( 25 grays ) .

If a body was in poor condition , family viewing was virtually impossible due , in some cases , to lack of expertise .
if a body was in poor [state] , family viewing was virtually impossible due , in some cases , to lack of expertise .

Nevertheless , this was only achieved as a consequence of complex and sophisticated technology inappropriate to the management of a common condition for which there are simpler alternative treatments .
nevertheless , this was only achieved as a consequence of complex and sophisticated technology inappropriate to the management of a common [state] for which there are simpler alternative treatments .

Mean concentrations of platelet activating factor and precursors in gastric juice in basal condition and during pentagastrin infusion are shown in the Table .
mean concentrations of platelet activating factor and precursors in gastric juice in basal [state] and during pentagastrin infusion are shown in the table .

In the basal condition as well as under pentagastrin infusion choline outputs remained below 10 µmol/hr ( mean=1.5 ( 0.8 ) and 4 ( 2 ) µmol/h , respectively ) .
in the basal [state] as well as under pentagastrin infusion choline outputs remained below 10 µmol/hr ( mean=1.5 ( 0.8 ) and 4 ( 2 ) µmol/h , respectively ) .

Lyso platelet activating factor — It was detected in all subjects with amounts ranging from 1 to 23 µg/h ( mean 6.1 ( 1.8 ) ) in basal condition and increased significantly ( 1 to 77 µg/h ; mean 31.8 ( 6.8 ) µg/hr ) under pentagastrin infusion ( Table and Fig 1 ) .
lyso platelet activating factor — it was detected in all subjects with amounts ranging from 1 to 23 µg/h ( mean 6.1 ( 1.8 ) ) in basal [state] and increased significantly ( 1 to 77 µg/h ; mean 31.8 ( 6.8 ) µg/hr ) under pentagastrin infusion ( table and fig 1 ) .

It therefore seems probable that the incidence of chronic radiation enteritis has been generally underestimated ( and may be more than 50 % ) , that increased bowel frequency is the most frequent symptom of chronic radiation enteritis , and that most patients with this condition do not seek medical help until the occurrence of a severe complication such as stricture , perforation , or anaemia caused by blood loss .
it therefore seems probable that the incidence of chronic radiation enteritis has been generally underestimated ( and may be more than 50 % ) , that increased bowel frequency is the most frequent symptom of chronic radiation enteritis , and that most patients with this [state] do not seek medical help until the occurrence of a severe complication such as stricture , perforation , or anaemia caused by blood loss .

This situation is different from the condition in which the present studies were performed and in which pressures were recorded over long periods , with the patient not being asked to take swallows .
this situation is different from the [state] in which the present studies were performed and in which pressures were recorded over long periods , with the patient not being asked to take swallows .

The condition usually affects middle aged and elderly men .
the [state] usually affects middle aged and elderly men .

All the remaining 25 patients ( 54 % of the original 46 and 81 % of the survivors ) were interviewed according to a standard formula , using Visick grading of general clinical condition , recording heartburn , regurgitation and dysphagia with DeMeester-Johnson reflux scale .
all the remaining 25 patients ( 54 % of the original 46 and 81 % of the survivors ) were interviewed according to a standard formula , using visick grading of general clinical [state] , recording heartburn , regurgitation and dysphagia with demeester-johnson reflux scale .

Possibly some of the Barrett 's cases were recognised before fundoplication , as oesophageal biopsy specimens were not taken then in five of 25 patients , including two of those in whom follow up endoscopy showed the condition .
possibly some of the barrett 's cases were recognised before fundoplication , as oesophageal biopsy specimens were not taken then in five of 25 patients , including two of those in whom follow up endoscopy showed the [state] .

Good results seen after partial fundoplication show that a full 360° wrap is not the only condition needed for effective antireflux action .
good results seen after partial fundoplication show that a full 360° wrap is not the only [state] needed for effective antireflux action .

The various names have tried to indicate both the nature of the problem and the various sites where the condition occurs .
the various names have tried to indicate both the nature of the problem and the various sites where the [state] occurs .

This may have led to some confusion and may explain why the condition , though acknowledged to be common , is not widely recognised .
this may have led to some confusion and may explain why the [state] , though acknowledged to be common , is not widely recognised .

This , as well as characterising the symptomatology , showed that the condition accounted for nearly 5 % of referrals to a gastroenterology clinic .
this , as well as characterising the symptomatology , showed that the [state] accounted for nearly 5 % of referrals to a gastroenterology clinic .

Despite this report , the condition is still rarely diagnosed and is not mentioned in standard medical textbooks or taught in our local medical schools .
despite this report , the [state] is still rarely diagnosed and is not mentioned in standard medical textbooks or taught in our local medical schools .

It was therefore thought important to publicise again the condition and at the same time characterise it and discover its natural history using a larger number of cases .
it was therefore thought important to publicise again the [state] and at the same time characterise it and discover its natural history using a larger number of cases .

The high occurrence of this condition in medical clinics has been confirmed .
the high occurrence of this [state] in medical clinics has been confirmed .

Wright found the condition in 1 % of new patients in general medical clinics and in 5 % of new patients attending gastroenterology clinics .
wright found the [state] in 1 % of new patients in general medical clinics and in 5 % of new patients attending gastroenterology clinics .

We found 3 % of new patients attending a mixed general medical/gastroenterology clinic had the condition .
we found 3 % of new patients attending a mixed general medical/gastroenterology clinic had the [state] .

No investigation is needed for the pain in this condition but of course other symptoms may coexist and they will need managing on their own merits .
no investigation is needed for the pain in this [state] but of course other symptoms may coexist and they will need managing on their own merits .

The origin of the fibrosis in this condition is unclear .
the origin of the fibrosis in this [state] is unclear .

The aim of this study was to measure the overall plasminogen activator activity and concentrations of individual fibrinolytic system mediators in ascites secondary to alcoholic liver disease or malignancy to gain a greater understanding about the aetiology of this condition .
the aim of this study was to measure the overall plasminogen activator activity and concentrations of individual fibrinolytic system mediators in ascites secondary to alcoholic liver disease or malignancy to gain a greater understanding about the aetiology of this [state] .

Further radiotherapy was cancelled , as the clinical condition of the patient deteriorated rapidly ; he died from septic shock three weeks after admission .
further radiotherapy was cancelled , as the clinical [state] of the patient deteriorated rapidly ; he died from septic shock three weeks after admission .

As shown , recurrence of Hodgkin 's disease , 10 or more years after initial treatment for this condition , was diagnosed in most cases .
as shown , recurrence of hodgkin 's disease , 10 or more years after initial treatment for this [state] , was diagnosed in most cases .

The value of diagnosing a condition that presents late in life with often only trivial symptoms , may be questioned especially when this entails changing long established eating habits .
the value of diagnosing a [state] that presents late in life with often only trivial symptoms , may be questioned especially when this entails changing long established eating habits .

Oesophageal transit measured by scintigraphic techniques has similarly been shown to be slower in this condition .
oesophageal transit measured by scintigraphic techniques has similarly been shown to be slower in this [state] .

Gill et al have reported shorter durations of contraction in this condition .
gill et al have reported shorter durations of contraction in this [state] .

It was noticeable in our study that oesophageal peristaltic dysfunction was a commoner and more pronounced abnormality than reduced lower oesophageal sphincter pressure , which suggests that impaired oesophageal clearance may play a larger part in the pathophysiology of this condition than the defective barrier function of lower oesophageal sphincter .
it was noticeable in our study that oesophageal peristaltic dysfunction was a commoner and more pronounced abnormality than reduced lower oesophageal sphincter pressure , which suggests that impaired oesophageal clearance may play a larger part in the pathophysiology of this [state] than the defective barrier function of lower oesophageal sphincter .

This suggests that oesophageal dysmotility in this condition is a primary phenomenon and not a consequence of injury and inflammation .
this suggests that oesophageal dysmotility in this [state] is a primary phenomenon and not a consequence of injury and inflammation .

As in this condition , functional renal failure in acute liver failure has been related to an imbalance between neurohumoral factors with renal vasoconstrictive activity and renal vasodilators .
as in this [state] , functional renal failure in acute liver failure has been related to an imbalance between neurohumoral factors with renal vasoconstrictive activity and renal vasodilators .

Cow 's milk allergy has hitherto been considered a temporary condition that improves or disappears with age .
cow 's milk allergy has hitherto been considered a temporary [state] that improves or disappears with age .

Barrett 's columnar lined oesophagus is defined as the condition in which columnar type epithelium is found at least 3 cm above the distal end of the oesophagus as endoscopically defined .
barrett 's columnar lined oesophagus is defined as the [state] in which columnar type epithelium is found at least 3 cm above the distal end of the oesophagus as endoscopically defined .

In 1950 , Barrett described the condition of columnar epithelium lining a mediastinal stomach , secondary to a congenital short oesophagus .
in 1950 , barrett described the [state] of columnar epithelium lining a mediastinal stomach , secondary to a congenital short oesophagus .

Since Barrett 's description of the condition in the early 1950s , many investigators have noted an association between columnar lined oesophagus and primary oesophageal carcinoma .
since barrett 's description of the [state] in the early 1950s , many investigators have noted an association between columnar lined oesophagus and primary oesophageal carcinoma .

Otherwise , this type 1 pattern was not observed in any other condition tested .
otherwise , this type 1 pattern was not observed in any other [state] tested .

Despite full documentation and reference in a review article , no further instances of a familial occurrence of this condition have come to light and this family remains unique .
despite full documentation and reference in a review article , no further instances of a familial occurrence of this [state] have come to light and this family remains unique .

These same characteristics were found in children with functional faecal retention , a condition common in the school age child , in which physiology of the colon is believed to be normal and constipation results from retentive behaviour by a child who is afraid of painful defecation .
these same characteristics were found in children with functional faecal retention , a [state] common in the school age child , in which physiology of the colon is believed to be normal and constipation results from retentive behaviour by a child who is afraid of painful defecation .

For many patients with severe chronic constipation no cause can be found , hence the condition is labelled as idiopathic .
for many patients with severe chronic constipation no cause can be found , hence the [state] is labelled as idiopathic .

that hold us wriggling in our condition .
that hold us wriggling in our [state] .

Security on the door had reported a large black man demanding entry on behalf of a friend , a Sir Ralph Grunte , Member of Parliament , who was certainly in no condition to be in charge of a motor car .
security on the door had reported a large black man demanding entry on behalf of a friend , a sir ralph grunte , member of parliament , who was certainly in no [state] to be in charge of a motor car .

When told that Robertson 's condition in hospital was ‘ stable ’ , Clarke replied with a flash of humour that the news was better than expected .
when told that robertson 's [state] in hospital was ‘ stable ’ , clarke replied with a flash of humour that the news was better than expected .

With few exceptions , they were meditations on death , bereavement and the uncertainty of the human condition .
with few exceptions , they were meditations on death , bereavement and the uncertainty of the human [state] .

Out of condition , that 's all .
out of [state] , that 's all .

The physical condition of the Pottery Hut is not conducive to a pleasant working atmosphere .
the physical [state] of the pottery hut is not conducive to a pleasant working atmosphere .

This must condition the designer in all that he does .
this must [state] the designer in all that he does .

Upper and lower limits may be applied to prevent a runaway condition in the event of really bad estimating .
upper and lower limits may be applied to prevent a runaway [state] in the event of really bad estimating .

Her obesity also represents a spiritual condition extended into bodily metaphor : hers is an immensity of soul .
her obesity also represents a spiritual [state] extended into bodily metaphor : hers is an immensity of soul .

They will pay whatever it takes to get Scots crayfish and Dublin Bay prawns into the shops and restaurants in beautiful condition , when no one back home can be bothered .
they will pay whatever it takes to get scots crayfish and dublin bay prawns into the shops and restaurants in beautiful [state] , when no one back home can be bothered .

No , not more accurate : ‘ thirst ’ is not accurate at all as a description for this apparently indescribable condition .
no , not more accurate : ‘ thirst ’ is not accurate at all as a description for this apparently indescribable [state] .

Those of us who enjoy them need only a name for each condition , so that we may discuss them in expectation and in recollection .
those of us who enjoy them need only a name for each [state] , so that we may discuss them in expectation and in recollection .

Equally , Mailer 's reflections on the similarities between the condition of the writer and of the boxer ( 'There is a support system but you are alone … ‘ ) led you to a parallel which the programme tactfully left unstated .
equally , mailer 's reflections on the similarities between the [state] of the writer and of the boxer ( 'there is a support system but you are alone … ‘ ) led you to a parallel which the programme tactfully left unstated .

When in peak condition , White is one of the most stylish throwers in a game which only too easily breaks down into brutishness .
when in peak [state] , white is one of the most stylish throwers in a game which only too easily breaks down into brutishness .

Becker 's photograph was in the German newspapers yesterday , accompanied by lamentations about his physical condition after a knee injury had caused him to abandon the Classic on Thursday .
becker 's photograph was in the german newspapers yesterday , accompanied by lamentations about his physical [state] after a knee injury had caused him to abandon the classic on thursday .

He picked up a groin injury during his heroic performance in Lions colours in France and , with exhaustion probably exacerbating his condition , he makes way for David Thresher in the second row .
he picked up a groin injury during his heroic performance in lions colours in france and , with exhaustion probably exacerbating his [state] , he makes way for david thresher in the second row .

Condition is what counts .
[state] is what counts .

Such a condition was obviously inserted to encourage Cornishmen to make their contributions to the royal coffers , but its enforcement against individual landowners would appear to have been impracticable once disafforestment had taken place .
such a [state] was obviously inserted to encourage cornishmen to make their contributions to the royal coffers , but its enforcement against individual landowners would appear to have been impracticable once disafforestment had taken place .

Concurrently two commissions were sent out to conduct a searching investigation into the condition of the southern forests ; the articles of their inquiry followed the usual pattern of those of the Forest Eyre .
concurrently two commissions were sent out to conduct a searching investigation into the [state] of the southern forests ; the articles of their inquiry followed the usual pattern of those of the forest eyre .

The barons demanded fresh confirmation of the Charters and a revision of the Forest boundaries in accordance with their interpretation of their provisions : this as a condition of their service in the Scottish campaign .
the barons demanded fresh confirmation of the charters and a revision of the forest boundaries in accordance with their interpretation of their provisions : this as a [state] of their service in the scottish campaign .

The other effective procedure was the general commission of inquiry into the condition of the forests .
the other effective procedure was the general commission of inquiry into the [state] of the forests .

That His Majesty , understanding that the Forest Laws are grievous to the Subjects of this Kingdom … out of his Grace and Goodness to his people , is willing to lay down all the new Bounds of his Forests … reduced to the same Condition as they were before the late justices Seat held .
that his majesty , understanding that the forest laws are grievous to the subjects of this kingdom … out of his grace and goodness to his people , is willing to lay down all the new bounds of his forests … reduced to the same [state] as they were before the late justices seat held .

while the portion of the Forest at present planted under the Acts may properly be managed with a view to producing the most profitable crop of trees , the remainder of the Forest should henceforth , in the interest of the nation at large , be managed with a view to the preservation of its natural aspect and condition as a Forest of surpassing beauty and unique character .
while the portion of the forest at present planted under the acts may properly be managed with a view to producing the most profitable crop of trees , the remainder of the forest should henceforth , in the interest of the nation at large , be managed with a view to the preservation of its natural aspect and [state] as a forest of surpassing beauty and unique character .

As Rothschild says : ‘ In effect , Rákosi killed more communists in five years than Horthy had in twenty-five , and the entire society was cowed into a condition of bewilderment and terror .
as rothschild says : ‘ in effect , rákosi killed more communists in five years than horthy had in twenty-five , and the entire society was cowed into a [state] of bewilderment and terror .

The presumption is not a logical postulate but is , rather , an empirical condition for the development of particular language games .
the presumption is not a logical postulate but is , rather , an empirical [state] for the development of particular language games .

Perhaps her erotic dream had something to do with her condition .
perhaps her erotic dream had something to do with her [state] .

We were soon to discover that Masha might be in no condition to set us on any track .
we were soon to discover that masha might be in no [state] to set us on any track .

She knew nothing of her condition ; the Colonel slipped the pills she had been prescribed into her hot drink at night , and she was unaware that she was taking medication .
she knew nothing of her [state] ; the colonel slipped the pills she had been prescribed into her hot drink at night , and she was unaware that she was taking medication .

As they worked they monitored continuously the condition of the sea and the sky , the direction of the wind and the length of the day and the night .
as they worked they monitored continuously the [state] of the sea and the sky , the direction of the wind and the length of the day and the night .

There is no more dangerous a condition than that of boredom , nor , to my mind , a more wicked one .
there is no more dangerous a [state] than that of boredom , nor , to my mind , a more wicked one .

Similar complaints were heard in the Church of England about the condition of curates during the nineteenth century , a time when what pay they got came from the parish priest under whom they served or whose place they took in the parish while he lived elsewhere .
similar complaints were heard in the church of england about the [state] of curates during the nineteenth century , a time when what pay they got came from the parish priest under whom they served or whose place they took in the parish while he lived elsewhere .

Despite the desire of some supporters to ‘ take advantage of the condition of the Public mind , brought about by the … Education Bill ’ the Society was unable to make any real headway .
despite the desire of some supporters to ‘ take advantage of the [state] of the public mind , brought about by the … education bill ’ the society was unable to make any real headway .

Whereas both vertical and horizontal lines have stability , sloping lines are in a state of change from one condition to the other .
whereas both vertical and horizontal lines have stability , sloping lines are in a state of change from one [state] to the other .

Just as up can not exist without down , left without right , hot without cold , so existence is a condition of non-existence , space of non-space , being of non-being .
just as up can not exist without down , left without right , hot without cold , so existence is a [state] of non-existence , space of non-space , being of non-being .

Form thus becomes a condition of non-form and , however stable it may seem , all that can be observed in our universe is the existential process of change from one state to another .
form thus becomes a [state] of non-form and , however stable it may seem , all that can be observed in our universe is the existential process of change from one state to another .

The inability of O'Neill and Chichester-Clark to satisfy those demands without destabilizing the state had created the very condition that people such as Paisley had argued had obtained from the first : the rise of old-fashioned nationalist anti-partitionism .
the inability of o'neill and chichester-clark to satisfy those demands without destabilizing the state had created the very [state] that people such as paisley had argued had obtained from the first : the rise of old-fashioned nationalist anti-partitionism .

In a recent widespread drought , when all pastures were eaten bare and it was very difficult to obtain hay , a large number of horses were maintained in good condition on grain but received only half their normal ration of hay .
in a recent widespread drought , when all pastures were eaten bare and it was very difficult to obtain hay , a large number of horses were maintained in good [state] on grain but received only half their normal ration of hay .

It might lose condition and become mentally unbalanced , or even ill .
it might lose [state] and become mentally unbalanced , or even ill .

If a horse is left unfed one day , it will feel the physical stress of lack of food and be hungry and lose condition , and it will also suffer anxiety caused by the hunger which will cause it to lose additional weight .
if a horse is left unfed one day , it will feel the physical stress of lack of food and be hungry and lose [state] , and it will also suffer anxiety caused by the hunger which will cause it to lose additional weight .

So if the horse is lucky enough to get a companion at a later date , its owner will be surprised that the horse will appear much happier , and that it will be in better health and condition .
so if the horse is lucky enough to get a companion at a later date , its owner will be surprised that the horse will appear much happier , and that it will be in better health and [state] .

However , it was a year of drought , and at the stud all the mares were given daily feeds of oats and hay to keep them in good condition ; but Minyip , due to long habit , refused to eat anything but the poorest hay .
however , it was a year of drought , and at the stud all the mares were given daily feeds of oats and hay to keep them in good [state] ; but minyip , due to long habit , refused to eat anything but the poorest hay .

Consequently , the mare and foal dropped rapidly in condition .
consequently , the mare and foal dropped rapidly in [state] .

He was put down early in 1986 at the age of eighteen when an incurable heart condition was diagnosed .
he was put down early in 1986 at the age of eighteen when an incurable heart [state] was diagnosed .

There were even rumours that her condition would force her withdrawal , but such scares proved unfounded and she duly arrived in the paddock .
there were even rumours that her [state] would force her withdrawal , but such scares proved unfounded and she duly arrived in the paddock .

In the event it took six courses of treatment to eradicate the cancer , and by the time of the 1980 Grand National he was in no condition to take part .
in the event it took six courses of treatment to eradicate the cancer , and by the time of the 1980 grand national he was in no [state] to take part .

Wilson was immediately worried that the rooms she had ready would not be thought adequate , that indeed she did not know if she herself thought they were adequate , and that she would be unable to prepare meals in her feeble condition , but Miss Blagden laid to rest all her anxieties .
wilson was immediately worried that the rooms she had ready would not be thought adequate , that indeed she did not know if she herself thought they were adequate , and that she would be unable to prepare meals in her feeble [state] , but miss blagden laid to rest all her anxieties .

Bulletins of Miss Henrietta 's condition were regular reminders that death was indeed in the midst of life but did not help to make her value her own any more .
bulletins of miss henrietta 's [state] were regular reminders that death was indeed in the midst of life but did not help to make her value her own any more .

She wrote a short monthly letter to Rome , merely reporting on Mr Landor 's condition and saying all was well in the Casa Guidi .
she wrote a short monthly letter to rome , merely reporting on mr landor 's [state] and saying all was well in the casa guidi .

Rumours about Hitler 's health and mental condition had been further prompted by the rescheduling of his speech on ‘ Heroes ’
rumours about hitler 's health and mental [state] had been further prompted by the rescheduling of his speech on ‘ heroes ’

The continued silence about him gave rise to new rumours about his health and mental condition , and that he had been relieved of his duties by Himmler and Goebbels .
the continued silence about him gave rise to new rumours about his health and mental [state] , and that he had been relieved of his duties by himmler and goebbels .

In some ways Alison seems very cool about her condition and has remained detached from the experiences she is describing .
in some ways alison seems very cool about her [state] and has remained detached from the experiences she is describing .

In 303 a Christian named Copres from the Nile valley , engaged in a lawsuit over property , went to Alexandria to present his case and was disconcerted to discover that he would be required to participate in some act of idolatry , such as a sacrifice or an oath by the emperor 's genius , as a condition of litigation .
in 303 a christian named copres from the nile valley , engaged in a lawsuit over property , went to alexandria to present his case and was disconcerted to discover that he would be required to participate in some act of idolatry , such as a sacrifice or an oath by the emperor 's genius , as a [state] of litigation .

Many people doubtless came to embrace the emperor 's religion for worthier motives ; but Eusebius put his finger on the radical novelty of the condition in which Christians now found themselves .
many people doubtless came to embrace the emperor 's religion for worthier motives ; but eusebius put his finger on the radical novelty of the [state] in which christians now found themselves .

Such confidence can not safely be reposed in people of very mean or low condition .
such confidence can not safely be reposed in people of very mean or low [state] .

If you are out of condition then exercise , or the movements you make , will cause you some degree of physical and possibly psychological distress .
if you are out of [state] then exercise , or the movements you make , will cause you some degree of physical and possibly psychological distress .

But few countries were in such neutral condition , and very much later the subtle signs of appreciation became known : extra aid for Guatemala ‘ enhanced ’ military aid for Honduras , a veto of a damaging import-limitation bill for Taiwan , and goodness knows what quiet back-scratching for China and South Africa .
but few countries were in such neutral [state] , and very much later the subtle signs of appreciation became known : extra aid for guatemala ‘ enhanced ’ military aid for honduras , a veto of a damaging import-limitation bill for taiwan , and goodness knows what quiet back-scratching for china and south africa .

Other such terms , for example free , as in ‘ then we were free ’ , certainly had reference to the past , but carried direct contemporary reference : a man would say of another , ‘ he is a free man ’ , and mean that he took no orders from a superior ; and a man ( asked about his own occupation ) might say with some pride that he was a ‘ free Zuwayi ’ ( zuwayi hurr ) , and imply his condition was closer to the old days than that of most of those he saw around him .
other such terms , for example free , as in ‘ then we were free ’ , certainly had reference to the past , but carried direct contemporary reference : a man would say of another , ‘ he is a free man ’ , and mean that he took no orders from a superior ; and a man ( asked about his own occupation ) might say with some pride that he was a ‘ free zuwayi ’ ( zuwayi hurr ) , and imply his [state] was closer to the old days than that of most of those he saw around him .

This was no accidental condition , following wholly from some alleged natural benightedness of the backdunes , but one which required constant vigilance and determination .
this was no accidental [state] , following wholly from some alleged natural benightedness of the backdunes , but one which required constant vigilance and determination .

Apart from this scrutiny of military matters , of disputed effectiveness , the Assemblies also discussed military , financial and diplomatic support for the Palestinians , which they offered on the condition that the recipients of aid should strive for the unity of the Palestinian forces .
apart from this scrutiny of military matters , of disputed effectiveness , the assemblies also discussed military , financial and diplomatic support for the palestinians , which they offered on the [state] that the recipients of aid should strive for the unity of the palestinian forces .

Still , rich men had motor vehicles in greater number and in better condition than middling men ; poor men had none at all .
still , rich men had motor vehicles in greater number and in better [state] than middling men ; poor men had none at all .

He would very likely end up being confined for psychological tests , and Roirbak doubted whether , in Tammuz ' present teetering condition , he 'd be strong enough to face them and emerge intact .
he would very likely end up being confined for psychological tests , and roirbak doubted whether , in tammuz ' present teetering [state] , he 'd be strong enough to face them and emerge intact .

Like most human beings of whatever condition or culture who send out and receive such close scrutiny in a public place the two of them dimly sensed at one tissue-thin layer within the oldest parts of themselves that the strangely alternating processes of mutual assessment had not been entirely used up .
like most human beings of whatever [state] or culture who send out and receive such close scrutiny in a public place the two of them dimly sensed at one tissue-thin layer within the oldest parts of themselves that the strangely alternating processes of mutual assessment had not been entirely used up .

The consequences for someone in your condition can be quite serious .
the consequences for someone in your [state] can be quite serious .

The woman is looking me straight in the eyes , Alida thought , she does not know even the basic elements of courtesy , she has paid no attention at all to the very relevant account of my condition .
the woman is looking me straight in the eyes , alida thought , she does not know even the basic elements of courtesy , she has paid no attention at all to the very relevant account of my [state] .

She needed to confide in someone , to present the situation as clearly as she could , to ask for advice about her sister 's condition .
she needed to confide in someone , to present the situation as clearly as she could , to ask for advice about her sister 's [state] .

She sat on the hard hall-stool beside the telephone , safe in the semi-darkness and waited for Dorothea and her friend Florence Ames who was a nurse , someone who would recognise her condition instantly , who would be on hand should emergency treatment be required , who was trained and capable .
she sat on the hard hall-stool beside the telephone , safe in the semi-darkness and waited for dorothea and her friend florence ames who was a nurse , someone who would recognise her [state] instantly , who would be on hand should emergency treatment be required , who was trained and capable .

Yeats watched , with an appalled fascination , as she threw herself into ‘ a joyous and self-forgetting condition of political hate ’ .
yeats watched , with an appalled fascination , as she threw herself into ‘ a joyous and self-forgetting [state] of political hate ’ .

Herr Theo Waigel , Finance Minister , says it is ‘ an indispensable condition for German acceptance of currency union ’ that the European Central Bank is in Frankfurt .
herr theo waigel , finance minister , says it is ‘ an indispensable [state] for german acceptance of currency union ’ that the european central bank is in frankfurt .

In a deep trance , the subject is taken back to an earlier age , in order to discover the possible cause of a problem , such as a phobia , or a psychological reason for a physiological condition , which , on the surface , appears to have no organic cause .
in a deep trance , the subject is taken back to an earlier age , in order to discover the possible cause of a problem , such as a phobia , or a psychological reason for a physiological [state] , which , on the surface , appears to have no organic cause .

City investors accepted shares on condition that all could be placed but by last night potential buyers had been found for only about half the stake .
city investors accepted shares on [state] that all could be placed but by last night potential buyers had been found for only about half the stake .

‘ When we gave planning permission to the new Chelsea development we attached a condition to it preventing ground-sharing .
‘ when we gave planning permission to the new chelsea development we attached a [state] to it preventing ground-sharing .

Mr Moran , Anfield 's longest-serving stalwart , found himself unexpectedly entering a second term of caretaker command last weekend when Mr Souness disclosed that major heart surgery was necessary to keep a 38-year-old frame in peak condition .
mr moran , anfield 's longest-serving stalwart , found himself unexpectedly entering a second term of caretaker command last weekend when mr souness disclosed that major heart surgery was necessary to keep a 38-year-old frame in peak [state] .

The condition of England full-back Rob Jones was less clear , though .
the [state] of england full-back rob jones was less clear , though .

‘ The days of two-hour training sessions have long gone as players turn up in better physical condition and therefore know fitness work has to be done .
‘ the days of two-hour training sessions have long gone as players turn up in better physical [state] and therefore know fitness work has to be done .

Hoare found buyers for nearly half the stake on Tuesday — but institutions agreed to take shares only on condition that all could be placed .
hoare found buyers for nearly half the stake on tuesday — but institutions agreed to take shares only on [state] that all could be placed .

It was on condition no one ever reminding them they were actually living there .
it was on [state] no one ever reminding them they were actually living there .

But what is disturbing is the general profile of his condition .
but what is disturbing is the general profile of his [state] .

If you are not entirely satisfied , please return any item within seven days in the condition in which it was received , with a covering letter ; your money will be refunded in full .
if you are not entirely satisfied , please return any item within seven days in the [state] in which it was received , with a covering letter ; your money will be refunded in full .

At birth a child enters the condition of infancy — a condition which ceases at the age of 18 years , or rather , at the first moment of the day preceding the eighteenth birthday .
at birth a child enters the [state] of infancy — a [state] which ceases at the age of 18 years , or rather , at the first moment of the day preceding the eighteenth birthday .

In what follows the term ‘ infant ’ will be used in its strict sense of a person who is in the condition of infancy as above defined .
in what follows the term ‘ infant ’ will be used in its strict sense of a person who is in the [state] of infancy as above defined .

It would be a mistake to regard the condition of infancy as one of uniform incapacity throughout and for all purposes .
it would be a mistake to regard the [state] of infancy as one of uniform incapacity throughout and for all purposes .

What is the fascination of horror ? Is it psychedelic , a fall of the self , crushed by a ‘ weight of meaninglessness ’ ? Or is it that When the vile or appalling ‘ lies quite close , but can not be assimilated … at the border of my condition as a living being ’ ( Julia Kristeva ) , what is produced is a momentarily heightened sense of one 's own aliveness , teetering on the brink of extinction ? Or is it , as Leslie Dick suggests , that contemplating one 's own self-destruction or mutilation is actually a way of perceiving and relishing one 's wholeness — self-destructive fantasies as a kind of warped feast of narcissism ? Or is it that the sudden perception of one 's own constant vulnerability provides , in its black , clouded way , a dazzling , near-religious feeling of revelation — this is how things really are ; that to be born is , by definition , to be a victim ? To be prey …
what is the fascination of horror ? is it psychedelic , a fall of the self , crushed by a ‘ weight of meaninglessness ’ ? or is it that when the vile or appalling ‘ lies quite close , but can not be assimilated … at the border of my [state] as a living being ’ ( julia kristeva ) , what is produced is a momentarily heightened sense of one 's own aliveness , teetering on the brink of extinction ? or is it , as leslie dick suggests , that contemplating one 's own self-destruction or mutilation is actually a way of perceiving and relishing one 's wholeness — self-destructive fantasies as a kind of warped feast of narcissism ? or is it that the sudden perception of one 's own constant vulnerability provides , in its black , clouded way , a dazzling , near-religious feeling of revelation — this is how things really are ; that to be born is , by definition , to be a victim ? to be prey …

The condition known as the ‘ bends ’ is caused by the absorption of nitrogen into the bloodstream from the air in the lungs .
the [state] known as the ‘ bends ’ is caused by the absorption of nitrogen into the bloodstream from the air in the lungs .

But according to one central-bank official , not even the quality of government is a condition of economic success .
but according to one central-bank official , not even the quality of government is a [state] of economic success .

What really matters is the ability to recognise when the cheese has been properly stored by the retailer and when it is being offered for sale in prime condition .
what really matters is the ability to recognise when the cheese has been properly stored by the retailer and when it is being offered for sale in prime [state] .

in such a condition , there is no place for industry ; because the fruit thereof is uncertain : and consequently no culture of the earth ; no navigation , nor use of the commodities that may be imported by sea ; no commodious buildings ; no instruments of moving , and removing , such things as require much force ; no knowledge of the face of the earth ; no account of time ; no arts ; no letters ; no society ; and which is worst of all , continual fear , and danger of violent death ; and the life of man , solitary , poor , nasty , brutish , and short .
in such a [state] , there is no place for industry ; because the fruit thereof is uncertain : and consequently no culture of the earth ; no navigation , nor use of the commodities that may be imported by sea ; no commodious buildings ; no instruments of moving , and removing , such things as require much force ; no knowledge of the face of the earth ; no account of time ; no arts ; no letters ; no society ; and which is worst of all , continual fear , and danger of violent death ; and the life of man , solitary , poor , nasty , brutish , and short .

For him , an established and stable state was a necessary condition for the satisfaction of men 's desires ; the peace it offered was its rationale and justification .
for him , an established and stable state was a necessary [state] for the satisfaction of men 's desires ; the peace it offered was its rationale and justification .

In 1763 the Reverend Thomas Whickens wrote to Bishop James in Hereford informing him that his rectory at Dormington was in a ruinous condition and asking his permission to build a new one .
in 1763 the reverend thomas whickens wrote to bishop james in hereford informing him that his rectory at dormington was in a ruinous [state] and asking his permission to build a new one .

There are so many similarities : poverty and governments more concerned ( until very recently ) with the statistics of production than with the producers ; a lack of accountability among governments and officials ; an absence of standards maintained through efficient inspectorates ; a lack of that motivated middle class which in the West has made its strength felt in politics ; a lack of effective protest by the victims , for the most part people who have come to accept pollution and filth as part of their everyday condition .
there are so many similarities : poverty and governments more concerned ( until very recently ) with the statistics of production than with the producers ; a lack of accountability among governments and officials ; an absence of standards maintained through efficient inspectorates ; a lack of that motivated middle class which in the west has made its strength felt in politics ; a lack of effective protest by the victims , for the most part people who have come to accept pollution and filth as part of their everyday [state] .

We were not merely ready to welcome strange things when we had walked half a mile up a lane and met no man , but we were in a gracious condition for receiving whatever might fall to us .
we were not merely ready to welcome strange things when we had walked half a mile up a lane and met no man , but we were in a gracious [state] for receiving whatever might fall to us .

Aid , given on condition that it is spent on genuine development , can till the soil for home-grown growth .
aid , given on [state] that it is spent on genuine development , can till the soil for home-grown growth .

But he later changed his spots enough to insist on Leopardcover as a condition of accepting the market 's chairmanship .
but he later changed his spots enough to insist on leopardcover as a [state] of accepting the market 's chairmanship .

Of even greater strategic importance to the review was a condition set down by the Chancellor at the very beginning .
of even greater strategic importance to the review was a [state] set down by the chancellor at the very beginning .

One condition is that Mrs Marcos must be charged by the end of this year .
one [state] is that mrs marcos must be charged by the end of this year .

The first condition for South Africa 's return to the Olympics was that apartheid laws should be eradicated ; it looks as though that will be met .
the first [state] for south africa 's return to the olympics was that apartheid laws should be eradicated ; it looks as though that will be met .

Although writers and writing are the subjects of most of these essays , the themes they present are essential to understanding both the extraordinary political changes that have swept through Eastern Europe , and the human condition under communism .
although writers and writing are the subjects of most of these essays , the themes they present are essential to understanding both the extraordinary political changes that have swept through eastern europe , and the human [state] under communism .

Some of the 842 bridges that the city maintains are , it seems , in even worse condition than the subway .
some of the 842 bridges that the city maintains are , it seems , in even worse [state] than the subway .

The 1980s bear testament to the appalling condition of American bank management .
the 1980s bear testament to the appalling [state] of american bank management .

Any hint of Fed tightening could cause even more chaos than usual , because of the precarious condition of much of America 's financial and property markets : the legacy of the huge growth in debt during the 1980s , and the main cause of worry now .
any hint of fed tightening could cause even more chaos than usual , because of the precarious [state] of much of america 's financial and property markets : the legacy of the huge growth in debt during the 1980s , and the main cause of worry now .

The Vietnamese government says it is already meeting one condition : helping in the search for any American soldiers who may still be in the country .
the vietnamese government says it is already meeting one [state] : helping in the search for any american soldiers who may still be in the country .

But any plan must also meet a third , political , condition : it must settle arguments between centre and republics over who controls policy .
but any plan must also meet a third , political , [state] : it must settle arguments between centre and republics over who controls policy .

For marginal firms , Japan 's way of dealing with financial distress lowers their costs in comparison with American firms in the same condition .
for marginal firms , japan 's way of dealing with financial distress lowers their costs in comparison with american firms in the same [state] .

Consider the psychological condition of the man who conceived the pillars .
consider the psychological [state] of the man who conceived the pillars .

The Japanese will be offered greater access to Europe , on condition that they open their domestic markets — not only for cars but for a whole range of industrial and service sectors — to European businessmen .
the japanese will be offered greater access to europe , on [state] that they open their domestic markets — not only for cars but for a whole range of industrial and service sectors — to european businessmen .

Doctors said yesterday his condition had improved significantly , but that it was still serious .
doctors said yesterday his [state] had improved significantly , but that it was still serious .

Bail was set at £100,000 each on condition that the defendants surrender their passports , do not discuss the case with a list of potential witnesses , and notify police of any change of address .
bail was set at £100,000 each on [state] that the defendants surrender their passports , do not discuss the case with a list of potential witnesses , and notify police of any change of address .

The family had a history of cot deaths , and the baby had a heart condition .
the family had a history of cot deaths , and the baby had a heart [state] .

He states , for example , that Freudian psychology leads inevitably to the conclusion that love is a force immanent in the world , and is not just a product of the human psyche ; and he states that ‘ It is a condition of there being a world that it be lovable by beings like us .
he states , for example , that freudian psychology leads inevitably to the conclusion that love is a force immanent in the world , and is not just a product of the human psyche ; and he states that ‘ it is a [state] of there being a world that it be lovable by beings like us .

Its present condition — where the great court is used as a carpark and the terrace stands desolate and empty — is a scandal .
its present [state] — where the great court is used as a carpark and the terrace stands desolate and empty — is a scandal .

She laid down only one condition : that her name should never be revealed .
she laid down only one [state] : that her name should never be revealed .

The first news of his condition was that he was winded , bruised and in shock , but likely to be passed fit to race today .
the first news of his [state] was that he was winded , bruised and in shock , but likely to be passed fit to race today .

Inspection of the corpses has shown that the animals were in poor condition .
inspection of the corpses has shown that the animals were in poor [state] .

But this year the condition of the soil is on our side .
but this year the [state] of the soil is on our side .

However , Mr Smith said later that previous Budget statements had borne ‘ so little resemblance to the depressing reality ’ of Britain 's economic condition that they resembled some of Mr Lamont 's economic forecasts .
however , mr smith said later that previous budget statements had borne ‘ so little resemblance to the depressing reality ’ of britain 's economic [state] that they resembled some of mr lamont 's economic forecasts .

Her depression is to do with her son 's heart condition .
her depression is to do with her son 's heart [state] .

There seems little point in saying that teething is a non-existent condition which has never reliably been shown to cause any distress .
there seems little point in saying that teething is a non-existent [state] which has never reliably been shown to cause any distress .

They have been equally disparaging about low blood pressure as a cause , among other things , of tiredness , fainting and dizziness , although their colleagues in Germany , France and several Mediterranean countries not only recognise the condition but actually treat it .
they have been equally disparaging about low blood pressure as a cause , among other things , of tiredness , fainting and dizziness , although their colleagues in germany , france and several mediterranean countries not only recognise the [state] but actually treat it .

The British view is uncompromising : except where low blood pressure is secondary to some underlying condition , such as shock or septicaemia , it is a non-illness .
the british view is uncompromising : except where low blood pressure is secondary to some underlying [state] , such as shock or septicaemia , it is a non-illness .

Perhaps , he suggests , British doctors should be less condescending towards their Continental colleagues and refuse the evidence of the efficacy of their treatment for this condition .
perhaps , he suggests , british doctors should be less condescending towards their continental colleagues and refuse the evidence of the efficacy of their treatment for this [state] .

In this case the shell material is a little more resistant than the enclosing limestone , and the specimen has been weathered out of the rock in good condition .
in this case the shell material is a little more resistant than the enclosing limestone , and the specimen has been weathered out of the rock in good [state] .

He had the look of an old man waiting outside the doctor 's office in a paupers ' hospital ; sent for , rather than there by choice ; content to wait ; apathetic as to what the doctor would tell him , because good news no longer existed and bad news was no longer bad , but merely an essential ingredient of his condition .
he had the look of an old man waiting outside the doctor 's office in a paupers ' hospital ; sent for , rather than there by choice ; content to wait ; apathetic as to what the doctor would tell him , because good news no longer existed and bad news was no longer bad , but merely an essential ingredient of his [state] .

The government 's advisers say that this is a rare condition ‘ in which the ability of the blood to carry oxygen is decreased , characteristically causing a grey/blue tint to the skin ’ .
the government 's advisers say that this is a rare [state] ‘ in which the ability of the blood to carry oxygen is decreased , characteristically causing a grey/blue tint to the skin ’ .

British spruce , said Nilghard , were often ‘ in really bad condition ’ , with symptoms of gas damage on older needles .
british spruce , said nilghard , were often ‘ in really bad [state] ’ , with symptoms of gas damage on older needles .

Although the survey found a ‘ worsening of tree condition ’ and conifer health was suddenly ‘ only moderate ’ , there was , said Mr Grayson , ‘ No regional pattern of crown condition … and it is therefore difficult to ascribe the findings to a cause such as air pollution ’
although the survey found a ‘ worsening of tree [state] ’ and conifer health was suddenly ‘ only moderate ’ , there was , said mr grayson , ‘ no regional pattern of crown [state] … and it is therefore difficult to ascribe the findings to a cause such as air pollution ’

The romantic philosopher , Schleiermacher , spoke of national loyalty as a condition of admission to the kingdom of God .
the romantic philosopher , schleiermacher , spoke of national loyalty as a [state] of admission to the kingdom of god .

Where any difference is to be referred to arbitration , the making of an award shall be a condition precedent to any right of action against the Insurer .
where any difference is to be referred to arbitration , the making of an award shall be a [state] precedent to any right of action against the insurer .

All the bikes we hire are in excellent condition , and we can offer smaller cycles for children .
all the bikes we hire are in excellent [state] , and we can offer smaller cycles for children .

It is a condition of booking that you are adequately insured on your holiday .
it is a [state] of booking that you are adequately insured on your holiday .

You should post payment , or pay the balance to your travel agent , 10 weeks before departure to allow the payment to clear to our account , otherwise our computer will cancel your booking , and you would be liable to pay cancellation charges as shown in Condition ( 9 ) .
you should post payment , or pay the balance to your travel agent , 10 weeks before departure to allow the payment to clear to our account , otherwise our computer will cancel your booking , and you would be liable to pay cancellation charges as shown in [state] ( 9 ) .

For all bookings made within 8 weeks of departure , the holiday is confirmed as soon as a verbal confirmation is given over the telephone or your travel agent confirms the booking via Viewdata , and therefore if you subsequently cancel your booking , cancellation charges as shown in condition ( 9 ) apply .
for all bookings made within 8 weeks of departure , the holiday is confirmed as soon as a verbal confirmation is given over the telephone or your travel agent confirms the booking via viewdata , and therefore if you subsequently cancel your booking , cancellation charges as shown in [state] ( 9 ) apply .

Cancellation charges are detailed in condition ( 9 ) .
cancellation charges are detailed in [state] ( 9 ) .

c . Are your holidays suitable for the disabled or those wit a serious medical condition ?
c . are your holidays suitable for the disabled or those wit a serious medical [state] ?

Therefore , if you suffer from a serious medical condition or disability , we suggest you contact one of the specialist agencies for advice on the suitability of your hotel and the resort area generally .
therefore , if you suffer from a serious medical [state] or disability , we suggest you contact one of the specialist agencies for advice on the suitability of your hotel and the resort area generally .

As a condition of booking you must either take out our special holiday insurance arranged through the Eagle Star Group or arrange a policy yourself providing comparable or greater cover under all sections .
as a [state] of booking you must either take out our special holiday insurance arranged through the eagle star group or arrange a policy yourself providing comparable or greater cover under all sections .

It may though be useful to do just that , since our perception and understanding of them will also condition the way we approach the more focused sections following .
it may though be useful to do just that , since our perception and understanding of them will also [state] the way we approach the more focused sections following .

The management of our schools has been conditioned by both the ideology and practice of hierarchy and control to a point at which , in some cases , it must attract the pejorative term of managerialism , a condition under which the artificial needs of managers , organisations , systems , bureaucracies or routines assume dominance over the real needs of children .
the management of our schools has been conditioned by both the ideology and practice of hierarchy and control to a point at which , in some cases , it must attract the pejorative term of managerialism , a [state] under which the artificial needs of managers , organisations , systems , bureaucracies or routines assume dominance over the real needs of children .

This does not appear to be altogether necessary , having regard to the grade of the inclines , but possibly the condition of the bond has induced them to add this so as to prevent the semblance of a hang to the descending tank .
this does not appear to be altogether necessary , having regard to the grade of the inclines , but possibly the [state] of the bond has induced them to add this so as to prevent the semblance of a hang to the descending tank .

Some weeks later , after the fall of Tunis and the Axis surrender in French North Africa , when he had time to reflect on his past and present condition , he began to write more regularly . The letter-writing was beginning to lose its inhibition :
some weeks later , after the fall of tunis and the axis surrender in french north africa , when he had time to reflect on his past and present [state] , he began to write more regularly . the letter-writing was beginning to lose its inhibition :

In the condition in which he so often found himself , this jingle amused Leslie quite a bit .
in the [state] in which he so often found himself , this jingle amused leslie quite a bit .

The course was in excellent condition after the recent bad weather and some good scores were returned .
the course was in excellent [state] after the recent bad weather and some good scores were returned .

Yet , as Mary Ainsworth ( 1969 ) points out in relation to the concept of attachment between mother and child ( monkeys included ) , a mental or physiological condition can be said to be present even when it is not visible in behaviour .
yet , as mary ainsworth ( 1969 ) points out in relation to the concept of attachment between mother and child ( monkeys included ) , a mental or physiological [state] can be said to be present even when it is not visible in behaviour .

In considering the maintenance and reproductive functions of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the capacity to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from monitoring the interior metabolic condition . This enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :
in considering the maintenance and reproductive functions of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the capacity to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from monitoring the interior metabolic [state] . this enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :

It is the essential condition for higher forms of intellectual functioning .
it is the essential [state] for higher forms of intellectual functioning .

We may now represent the mental capacities of the cerebral hemispheres of an advanced organism in a simple model that gets us far closer to the condition of our own species ( Fig .
we may now represent the mental capacities of the cerebral hemispheres of an advanced organism in a simple model that gets us far closer to the [state] of our own species ( fig .

In the first condition individuals that breed soonest produce young at the peak of a rich and often superabundant period of food production .
in the first [state] individuals that breed soonest produce young at the peak of a rich and often superabundant period of food production .

In North America many marshland bird species show polygyny , a condition in which a male is mated to several females who occupy his territory .
in north america many marshland bird species show polygyny , a [state] in which a male is mated to several females who occupy his territory .

This condition , called polybrachygyny , means that males that show the most effective displays are most persuasive in attracting females .
this [state] , called polybrachygyny , means that males that show the most effective displays are most persuasive in attracting females .

The opposite condition is shown by the hamadryas baboon : the male enforces a direction of march through biting the necks of recalcitrant females until they follow him .
the opposite [state] is shown by the hamadryas baboon : the male enforces a direction of march through biting the necks of recalcitrant females until they follow him .

When pressure was eventually put on L.E.A.s in the 1950s to take over employment of the various county organisers whose salaries hitherto had been paid from Carnegie Trust funds , most authorities did so on condition that the organisers ' work should be extended to schools .
when pressure was eventually put on l.e.a.s in the 1950s to take over employment of the various county organisers whose salaries hitherto had been paid from carnegie trust funds , most authorities did so on [state] that the organisers ' work should be extended to schools .

The second one shows it in the condition in which her parents found it when they went in there on that morning a few days ago ’ ( p. 156–7 ) .
the second one shows it in the [state] in which her parents found it when they went in there on that morning a few days ago ’ ( p. 156–7 ) .

Uncertainty about whether God exists can be interpreted as a condition of , rather than the negation of , faith in God .
uncertainty about whether god exists can be interpreted as a [state] of , rather than the negation of , faith in god .

It is generally best to leave maintenance and repairs of central heating boilers to an expert service engineer , and to have your system serviced at least annually to keep it in good condition .
it is generally best to leave maintenance and repairs of central heating boilers to an expert service engineer , and to have your system serviced at least annually to keep it in good [state] .

Condition the hardboard by brushing its rough face with water — about one litre for a 2400 × 1200mm ( 8 × 4ft ) sheet — then stack the sheets back to back flat on the floor for 48 hours .
[state] the hardboard by brushing its rough face with water — about one litre for a 2400 × 1200mm ( 8 × 4ft ) sheet — then stack the sheets back to back flat on the floor for 48 hours .

We will recommend a fully qualified surveyor who will make sure of the condition of the property .
we will recommend a fully qualified surveyor who will make sure of the [state] of the property .

We will debit amounts withdrawn by use of your Card to whichever of your accounts you select except for any withdrawals made after either ( i ) your right to use your Card has been terminated under Condition 8 or ( ii ) we have received your notification of the loss or theft of your Card under Condition 4 ( provided you are not in breach of these Conditions ) .
we will debit amounts withdrawn by use of your card to whichever of your accounts you select except for any withdrawals made after either ( i ) your right to use your card has been terminated under [state] 8 or ( ii ) we have received your notification of the loss or theft of your card under [state] 4 ( provided you are not in breach of these conditions ) .

If this is done , we will write to you at your Registered Address ( see Condition 3 ) within 10 days of the deposit and tell you .
if this is done , we will write to you at your registered address ( see [state] 3 ) within 10 days of the deposit and tell you .

We may remove , change , or add to the Conditions at any time in which event we will give you notice in accordance with Condition 10 .
we may remove , change , or add to the conditions at any time in which event we will give you notice in accordance with [state] 10 .

personal notice to you , at your Registered Address ( see Condition 3 ) .
personal notice to you , at your registered address ( see [state] 3 ) .

Additionally , if you have received treatment or advice for a medical condition during the 2 years before taking up the Hospital Income Plan , your cover for the condition commences after you have been insured for 24 months or if you are admitted to hospital for that condition during this period then as soon after the 24 months as you have been free of in-patient treatment for 12 months .
additionally , if you have received treatment or advice for a medical [state] during the 2 years before taking up the hospital income plan , your cover for the [state] commences after you have been insured for 24 months or if you are admitted to hospital for that [state] during this period then as soon after the 24 months as you have been free of in-patient treatment for 12 months .

Should you experience any of the symptoms over a prolonged period of time , it is always advisable to have a check-up to ensure that you do not have a condition which requires professional help .
should you experience any of the symptoms over a prolonged period of time , it is always advisable to have a check-up to ensure that you do not have a [state] which requires professional help .

Maintain or improve condition of muscles , bones and ligaments : Have you ever had to spend any length of time flat on your back in bed — perhaps due to illness or an accident ?
maintain or improve [state] of muscles , bones and ligaments : have you ever had to spend any length of time flat on your back in bed — perhaps due to illness or an accident ?

If you have not exercised for some time , if you are generally unfit or if you know you have a particular medical condition , it is essential to consult your doctor before beginning a regular exercise routine .
if you have not exercised for some time , if you are generally unfit or if you know you have a particular medical [state] , it is essential to consult your doctor before beginning a regular exercise routine .

Holism , however , involves treating the whole person so that , hopefully , the underlying condition which brings about the symptom can be dealt with .
holism , however , involves treating the whole person so that , hopefully , the underlying [state] which brings about the symptom can be dealt with .

In this way you can find out whether the therapy concerned is suitable for your particular condition , what the cost per session will be , how many sessions you are likely to need and so on .
in this way you can find out whether the therapy concerned is suitable for your particular [state] , what the cost per session will be , how many sessions you are likely to need and so on .

Babies do not enter this world suffering from anxiety ; it is a condition which is imposed upon them by other people — although not necessarily intentionally .
babies do not enter this world suffering from anxiety ; it is a [state] which is imposed upon them by other people — although not necessarily intentionally .

It affects not only our emotional well-being but our physical condition too .
it affects not only our emotional well-being but our physical [state] too .

Food : As we have seen in an earlier chapter , our physical condition has a great influence on our minds and our emotions — the reverse also being true .
food : as we have seen in an earlier chapter , our physical [state] has a great influence on our minds and our emotions — the reverse also being true .

There is even a condition known as ‘ intensive care psychosis ’ which is said to affect about twenty per cent of those who have been patients in hospital intensive care units .
there is even a [state] known as ‘ intensive care psychosis ’ which is said to affect about twenty per cent of those who have been patients in hospital intensive care units .

This condition is , fortunately , usually temporary in nature .
this [state] is , fortunately , usually temporary in nature .

He did study law and acquired all the necessary qualifications but he became increasingly depressed — a condition which was not conquered until , at the age of 28 , he went back to university to study the science subjects he so loved .
he did study law and acquired all the necessary qualifications but he became increasingly depressed — a [state] which was not conquered until , at the age of 28 , he went back to university to study the science subjects he so loved .

And of course the Collection comes to you with a written Guarantee assuring you of satisfactory playing condition or free replacement without question — and with a fascinating illustrated booklet telling you all about the stars and songs featured .
and of course the collection comes to you with a written guarantee assuring you of satisfactory playing [state] or free replacement without question — and with a fascinating illustrated booklet telling you all about the stars and songs featured .

• Written Guarantee of satisfactory playing condition , or free replacement without question .
• written guarantee of satisfactory playing [state] , or free replacement without question .

Its condition deteriorates fast .
its [state] deteriorates fast .

In winter he put his polo ponies out to grass at Highgrove , and got his hunters into peak condition .
in winter he put his polo ponies out to grass at highgrove , and got his hunters into peak [state] .

When a week passed and Arty 's condition had not improved , Doctor Staples returned with a worried frown .
when a week passed and arty 's [state] had not improved , doctor staples returned with a worried frown .

‘ The fellow was out of his … ‘ He stopped carefully , remembering Arty 's condition .
‘ the fellow was out of his … ‘ he stopped carefully , remembering arty 's [state] .

You 're in no condition yet to tackle the stairs .
you 're in no [state] yet to tackle the stairs .

He wondered what hIs condition was and whether he would survive .
he wondered what his [state] was and whether he would survive .

The condition of the liver transplant patient Mrs Aisling Barnett has improved since she was given a Japanese drug , which is still undergoing clinical trials , to stop her body rejecting her new liver .
the [state] of the liver transplant patient mrs aisling barnett has improved since she was given a japanese drug , which is still undergoing clinical trials , to stop her body rejecting her new liver .

Hedgehogs reach breeding condition during late March and early April , shortly after rising temperatures and hormonal changes provide the cues for wakening from their winter hibernation .
hedgehogs reach breeding [state] during late march and early april , shortly after rising temperatures and hormonal changes provide the cues for wakening from their winter hibernation .

British inflation will be down ( an odd condition , since one reason for the system is to help reduce inflation ) .
british inflation will be down ( an odd [state] , since one reason for the system is to help reduce inflation ) .

One easy way is to calculate the percentage of possible occasions when a particular activity or environmental condition applies .
one easy way is to calculate the percentage of possible occasions when a particular activity or environmental [state] applies .

Condition ( 1 ) can be fulfilled by requiring the same work-force to work all shifts in a rotating shift system .
[state] ( 1 ) can be fulfilled by requiring the same work-force to work all shifts in a rotating shift system .

With sufficient manipulation of the rota , it would be possible to arrange for the work-force to have been working for the same number of hours at different times of the day — condition ( 2 ) .
with sufficient manipulation of the rota , it would be possible to arrange for the work-force to have been working for the same number of hours at different times of the day — [state] ( 2 ) .

In many jobs , condition ( 4 ) can be fulfilled as it is possible for similar types of work to be tackled throughout the 24 hours .
in many jobs , [state] ( 4 ) can be fulfilled as it is possible for similar types of work to be tackled throughout the 24 hours .

finally , condition ( 5 ) can not be fulfilled in all occupations .
finally , [state] ( 5 ) can not be fulfilled in all occupations .

The advantage of a body clock is that it can prepare an animal or plant and enable it to predict a future environmental condition and so be ready for the event when it takes place .
the advantage of a body clock is that it can prepare an animal or plant and enable it to predict a future environmental [state] and so be ready for the event when it takes place .

In fact , it could be said that the only women these days who sport one single fragrance , all the time , are those famous glamour-pusses — Joan Collins , Elizabeth Taylor , Paloma Picasso , and so on — who are paid several millions of dollars a year to endorse a ‘ signature ’ scent , on condition they never allow gossipy fellow lunchers in smart restaurants to get an illicit whiff of ‘ Chanel No 5 ’ as they swan by .
in fact , it could be said that the only women these days who sport one single fragrance , all the time , are those famous glamour-pusses — joan collins , elizabeth taylor , paloma picasso , and so on — who are paid several millions of dollars a year to endorse a ‘ signature ’ scent , on [state] they never allow gossipy fellow lunchers in smart restaurants to get an illicit whiff of ‘ chanel no 5 ’ as they swan by .

An operation is often the only cure for this painful condition .
an operation is often the only cure for this painful [state] .

As well as being relaxing , it keeps your skin in good condition , and boosts your self-esteem .
as well as being relaxing , it keeps your skin in good [state] , and boosts your self-esteem .

Pregnancy is a condition , not an illness . So there 's no excuse for letting your appearance go to pot — as these star mums amply prove
pregnancy is a [state] , not an illness . so there 's no excuse for letting your appearance go to pot — as these star mums amply prove

Clearly , the existence of timber decay is likely to be related to other shortcomings in the condition of the building and these faults may require rectification in addition to treatment of the timber .
clearly , the existence of timber decay is likely to be related to other shortcomings in the [state] of the building and these faults may require rectification in addition to treatment of the timber .

This condition is worsened by the cutting of notches in the joists to house sub-floor services like heating pipes .
this [state] is worsened by the cutting of notches in the joists to house sub-floor services like heating pipes .

Where these is no need for a retained iron structure to accept enlarged loads and it is apparent that the metal members are in food condition , not having been subjected to detrimental modifications , the chief consideration in re-using the installation is to achieve an acceptable standard of fire resistance .
where these is no need for a retained iron structure to accept enlarged loads and it is apparent that the metal members are in food [state] , not having been subjected to detrimental modifications , the chief consideration in re-using the installation is to achieve an acceptable standard of fire resistance .

The shed itself was largely of wooden construction , and as the photograph of its pre-conversion condition indicates ( Plate 15 ) , it was in a very ramshackle state .
the shed itself was largely of wooden construction , and as the photograph of its pre-conversion [state] indicates ( plate 15 ) , it was in a very ramshackle state .

The work was carried out during the period 1980–1 and the existing building construction was found to be generally in good condition .
the work was carried out during the period 1980–1 and the existing building construction was found to be generally in good [state] .

First , the adoption of lightweight construction for new partition walls and the structure of the upper floor , although kind to the integrity of the original building fabric , has led to excessive sound transmission between rooms , a condition which is exacerbated by the inversion of the normal domestic arrangement — ie , the siting of the living-rooms over the bedrooms .
first , the adoption of lightweight construction for new partition walls and the structure of the upper floor , although kind to the integrity of the original building fabric , has led to excessive sound transmission between rooms , a [state] which is exacerbated by the inversion of the normal domestic arrangement — ie , the siting of the living-rooms over the bedrooms .

No attempt was made to return either the interior or exterior stonework to its original condition .
no attempt was made to return either the interior or exterior stonework to its original [state] .

This condition has been corrected by replacing the defective detail with a conventional sloping stone coping oversailing a ‘ secret gutter ’ of in situ lead which terminates the new roof slating , the new coping being bedded on an impervious damp-proof course ( Plates 28 and 29 ) .
this [state] has been corrected by replacing the defective detail with a conventional sloping stone coping oversailing a ‘ secret gutter ’ of in situ lead which terminates the new roof slating , the new coping being bedded on an impervious damp-proof course ( plates 28 and 29 ) .

Most saw it as an evil , although the ways suggested to combat the condition varied greatly .
most saw it as an evil , although the ways suggested to combat the [state] varied greatly .

The churches played a significant part in dealing with this condition and the parish schools were the most important providers of elementary education .
the churches played a significant part in dealing with this [state] and the parish schools were the most important providers of elementary education .

They were also watermill enthusiasts and continued the work of restoration that was begun by Michael Manser by restoring the waterwheel to working condition .
they were also watermill enthusiasts and continued the work of restoration that was begun by michael manser by restoring the waterwheel to working [state] .

The condition of the original internal structures and existing buildings was so bad that cost studies showed that , as well as offering higher standards of fire and sound insulation , the provision of an entirely new structure within the retained shell of the building would be cheaper than a process of repairing and upgrading the surviving framing .
the [state] of the original internal structures and existing buildings was so bad that cost studies showed that , as well as offering higher standards of fire and sound insulation , the provision of an entirely new structure within the retained shell of the building would be cheaper than a process of repairing and upgrading the surviving framing .

This project was promoted by Lord Egremont who wished to improve the condition of local agriculture by upgrading transport facilities .
this project was promoted by lord egremont who wished to improve the [state] of local agriculture by upgrading transport facilities .

The two men were enjoying a condition of harmony which had been unknown in all the previous years .
the two men were enjoying a [state] of harmony which had been unknown in all the previous years .

Colourist Chris Walton used Medium Blonde and Terra Rosa from Wella 's Colour Touch range to change the tone and deepen the overall colour of Sally 's hair at the same time as encouraging its shine and improving the general condition .
colourist chris walton used medium blonde and terra rosa from wella 's colour touch range to change the tone and deepen the overall colour of sally 's hair at the same time as encouraging its shine and improving the general [state] .

You should try the Remoisturising Shampoo ( £2.40 for 250ml ) , and condition with the Plant Remoisturising Treatment .
you should try the remoisturising shampoo ( £2.40 for 250ml ) , and [state] with the plant remoisturising treatment .

They have now found premises which they are interested in , commercial property in a building owned by Grand Metropolitan , who are asking for £15,000 a year for a property in bad condition .
they have now found premises which they are interested in , commercial property in a building owned by grand metropolitan , who are asking for £15,000 a year for a property in bad [state] .

We answer three of your queries about getting hair into tip-top condition .
we answer three of your queries about getting hair into tip-top [state] .

If you 'd like to brighten the colour of your hair , but do n't want to risk undermining its condition , try a temporary colorant .
if you 'd like to brighten the colour of your hair , but do n't want to risk undermining its [state] , try a temporary colorant .

Most of us have been warned about the health risks of high blood pressure ( hypertension ) but few people are aware that in several European countries the opposite condition of low blood pressure ( hypotension ) is regarded as a medical problem .
most of us have been warned about the health risks of high blood pressure ( hypertension ) but few people are aware that in several european countries the opposite [state] of low blood pressure ( hypotension ) is regarded as a medical problem .

However , it is not a problem of calcium deficiency ; eating extra milk or cheese does n't help the condition .
however , it is not a problem of calcium deficiency ; eating extra milk or cheese does n't help the [state] .

When someone ca n't cope with panic attacks , agoraphobia is often the consequence and treating this condition requires specialist help .
when someone ca n't cope with panic attacks , agoraphobia is often the consequence and treating this [state] requires specialist help .

It was her bubbly , outgoing nature that helped Philippa grow up with her condition .
it was her bubbly , outgoing nature that helped philippa grow up with her [state] .

Belief in its importance is in fact a consequence of the recognition that people , including priests , are fallible , so that the right to challenge their views is a necessary condition of arriving at valid opinions .
belief in its importance is in fact a consequence of the recognition that people , including priests , are fallible , so that the right to challenge their views is a necessary [state] of arriving at valid opinions .

In peacetime , growth is the normal condition of the economy .
in peacetime , growth is the normal [state] of the economy .

Unita says that was not a condition .
unita says that was not a [state] .

Although Linda is not the youngest child to receive a liver , the Addenbrooke 's team carried out a successful transplant on a seven-month-old baby two years ago , her size and the fact that she has received previous surgery for her condition complicated the procedure .
although linda is not the youngest child to receive a liver , the addenbrooke 's team carried out a successful transplant on a seven-month-old baby two years ago , her size and the fact that she has received previous surgery for her [state] complicated the procedure .

The cause of the mental impairment is not important — it could be due to a handicap from birth or due to a condition such as Alzheimer 's Disease .
the cause of the mental impairment is not important — it could be due to a handicap from birth or due to a [state] such as alzheimer 's disease .

’ Mao added : ‘ To study the development of this old culture , to reject its feudal dross and assimilate its democratic essence , is a necessary condition of our new national culture .
’ mao added : ‘ to study the development of this old culture , to reject its feudal dross and assimilate its democratic essence , is a necessary [state] of our new national culture .

The interpretation of imagery , the circumstances of production , the place of the work in the artist 's career , the historical context , the precise information about the work 's appearance and condition , these are things that can be fully discussed in a monograph .
the interpretation of imagery , the circumstances of production , the place of the work in the artist 's career , the historical context , the precise information about the work 's appearance and [state] , these are things that can be fully discussed in a monograph .

According to this formalist approach art aspires to the condition of music , a phrase employed by Pater , but deriving from classical Greece .
according to this formalist approach art aspires to the [state] of music , a phrase employed by pater , but deriving from classical greece .

Historical knowledge is the surest cure for this damaged intellectual condition , as the history of taste will show many examples of the irrelevance of monetary value to artistic quality .
historical knowledge is the surest cure for this damaged intellectual [state] , as the history of taste will show many examples of the irrelevance of monetary value to artistic quality .

Nor does it pretend to provide a detailed and exhaustive analysis of the condition of Britain 's pubs .
nor does it pretend to provide a detailed and exhaustive analysis of the [state] of britain 's pubs .

‘ To find the correct homeopathic remedy for any condition , the symptoms are diagnosed in those terms , and the Materia Medica places them under those headings : location , sensation etc . ’
‘ to find the correct homeopathic remedy for any [state] , the symptoms are diagnosed in those terms , and the materia medica places them under those headings : location , sensation etc . ’

‘ Well some people might agree with you that Englishness was a condition of a kind .
‘ well some people might agree with you that englishness was a [state] of a kind .

Ophelia is often ignored for audition material simply because she does n't seem to have much in the way of a sustained speech until she goes mad . Yet her earlier speech , where she describes Hamlet 's condition and behaviour , has great tenderness and awareness :
ophelia is often ignored for audition material simply because she does n't seem to have much in the way of a sustained speech until she goes mad . yet her earlier speech , where she describes hamlet 's [state] and behaviour , has great tenderness and awareness :

Which is the hot condition of their blood , —
which is the hot [state] of their blood , —

In one condition he showed them a series of objects which had been bought from a joke shop : a piece of rubber cheese , a chicken 's egg made of stone , and so forth .
in one [state] he showed them a series of objects which had been bought from a joke shop : a piece of rubber cheese , a chicken 's egg made of stone , and so forth .

This is a necessary condition for a reductionist view of the mind but , particularly given the absence of any effective demonstration of a causal connection between the mental and the neural , it is certainly not a sufficient condition .
this is a necessary [state] for a reductionist view of the mind but , particularly given the absence of any effective demonstration of a causal connection between the mental and the neural , it is certainly not a sufficient [state] .

So , the more that surface dyslexics are studied , the more it becomes obvious that the condition fractionates ; there are important differences between individual surface dyslexics .
so , the more that surface dyslexics are studied , the more it becomes obvious that the [state] fractionates ; there are important differences between individual surface dyslexics .

Osteoporosis is a condition that mainly affects women after the menopause .
osteoporosis is a [state] that mainly affects women after the menopause .

Marrows will store in good condition for many months .
marrows will store in good [state] for many months .

Check for signs of damage and only store those in perfect condition in paper sacks in a cool , dark place .
check for signs of damage and only store those in perfect [state] in paper sacks in a cool , dark place .

It was not , however , the luxuriance of his style or language which his former mentor , Louis Dudek , focused on in 1958 , but ‘ the total negation , ’ ‘ the high condition .
it was not , however , the luxuriance of his style or language which his former mentor , louis dudek , focused on in 1958 , but ‘ the total negation , ’ ‘ the high [state] .

The condition of the Northern catholic — nationalist minority has been very different from that of the majority in the South .
the [state] of the northern catholic — nationalist minority has been very different from that of the majority in the south .

any other condition prescribed by law has been complied with ,
any other [state] prescribed by law has been complied with ,

The routine should not be attempted by anyone with a heart condition or high blood pressure .
the routine should not be attempted by anyone with a heart [state] or high blood pressure .

Yet movement is the very essence of being human and of the human condition which policing sets out to nullify .
yet movement is the very essence of being human and of the human [state] which policing sets out to nullify .

Anthropology has played a significant part in illustrating ways in which symbolic use is made of the body to make statements about the condition of society itself ( Mauss 1935 , Douglas 1973 , Blacking 1977 , etc . )
anthropology has played a significant part in illustrating ways in which symbolic use is made of the body to make statements about the [state] of society itself ( mauss 1935 , douglas 1973 , blacking 1977 , etc . )

While for those thrust into a position of ‘ ritual liminality ’ there is the possibility of becoming ‘ men apart ’ , of standing aside and though not necessarily following political alternatives posed by any counter-culture , undertaking the hero 's journey merely by seeking to comment on the social condition they now see with new eyes .
while for those thrust into a position of ‘ ritual liminality ’ there is the possibility of becoming ‘ men apart ’ , of standing aside and though not necessarily following political alternatives posed by any counter-culture , undertaking the hero 's journey merely by seeking to comment on the social [state] they now see with new eyes .

It would be flat and lifeless if served in this condition .
it would be flat and lifeless if served in this [state] .

When the cellarman judges that the beer is in perfect condition , he or she hammers a tap through the wooden or plastic keystone in the tap hole of the cask .
when the cellarman judges that the beer is in perfect [state] , he or she hammers a tap through the wooden or plastic keystone in the tap hole of the cask .

Fortunately there are still a handful of splendid brews that are allowed to condition in the bottle .
fortunately there are still a handful of splendid brews that are allowed to [state] in the bottle .

In the literature of duality it is the outcast or victim who has dealings with a double , and in the second of the two novels Charles Wychwood is an outcast whose condition copies that of Thomas Chatterton , who committed suicide in 1770 at the age of 17 , having invented a medieval monk , Rowley , and written poems for him .
in the literature of duality it is the outcast or victim who has dealings with a double , and in the second of the two novels charles wychwood is an outcast whose [state] copies that of thomas chatterton , who committed suicide in 1770 at the age of 17 , having invented a medieval monk , rowley , and written poems for him .

His first book , the collection of stories entitled Goodbye , Columbus , fixed him in the popular mind , from 1959 , as an ‘ enemy of the Jews ’ — a condition aggravated by the onanistic bravura and scandalous mad success of the grotesquely imaginative Portnoy 's Complaint ( 1969 ) , and not much improved in recent years by The Counterlife ( 1987 ) , in which various escapes from Jewish America , including an escape to Israel , are projected , and in which Zuckerman and his dentist brother Henry are both imagined to have ailing hearts and to undertake gruesome surgery in order to restore the sexual potency suspended by their medication .
his first book , the collection of stories entitled goodbye , columbus , fixed him in the popular mind , from 1959 , as an ‘ enemy of the jews ’ — a [state] aggravated by the onanistic bravura and scandalous mad success of the grotesquely imaginative portnoy 's complaint ( 1969 ) , and not much improved in recent years by the counterlife ( 1987 ) , in which various escapes from jewish america , including an escape to israel , are projected , and in which zuckerman and his dentist brother henry are both imagined to have ailing hearts and to undertake gruesome surgery in order to restore the sexual potency suspended by their medication .

This mixed condition he shares with many others , not all of them writers ; it is a condition we are entitled to call traditional .
this mixed [state] he shares with many others , not all of them writers ; it is a [state] we are entitled to call traditional .

And it is a condition which can be recognised in the reception of his work .
and it is a [state] which can be recognised in the reception of his work .

’ Arabs who had been expelled from their land and thrust into the condition of Jewish refugees are hereby reformulated as imperialist aggressors and as Nazis .
’ arabs who had been expelled from their land and thrust into the [state] of jewish refugees are hereby reformulated as imperialist aggressors and as nazis .

The Furus have agreed to return to work — for wages instead of marioc — on condition that it is not in the red iron mines .
the furus have agreed to return to work — for wages instead of marioc — on [state] that it is not in the red iron mines .

Often infected people are rejected by family and friends , leaving them to face this chronic condition alone .
often infected people are rejected by family and friends , leaving them to face this chronic [state] alone .

Syphilis and its origin are subjects that have occupied physicians and historians over the ages perhaps more than any other condition .
syphilis and its origin are subjects that have occupied physicians and historians over the ages perhaps more than any other [state] .

Many people get it into their minds that it is a serious condition and restrictions on sexual activity , the forbidding of alcohol , and prolonged treatment do nothing to dispel this mistaken belief .
many people get it into their minds that it is a serious [state] and restrictions on sexual activity , the forbidding of alcohol , and prolonged treatment do nothing to dispel this mistaken belief .

One of the reasons for difficulty in diagnosing this condition when it first occurs is the apparent similarity of the symptoms that it produces to those associated with cystitis .
one of the reasons for difficulty in diagnosing this [state] when it first occurs is the apparent similarity of the symptoms that it produces to those associated with cystitis .

This skin condition , caused by a large ‘ pox ’ virus , has been thought over the years to be restricted to children living in crowded , closed communities and adults who attend Turkish baths or indulge in all-in wrestling .
this skin [state] , caused by a large ‘ pox ’ virus , has been thought over the years to be restricted to children living in crowded , closed communities and adults who attend turkish baths or indulge in all-in wrestling .

Syphilis has long been labelled ‘ the great imitator ’ and there are only a few clues to prod the examining doctor into thinking of the correct diagnosis rather than some other condition .
syphilis has long been labelled ‘ the great imitator ’ and there are only a few clues to prod the examining doctor into thinking of the correct diagnosis rather than some other [state] .

Many people who have reached this stage in their infection can look forward to no further trouble from their disease and will probably die of old age or some other condition unrelated to their syphilis .
many people who have reached this stage in their infection can look forward to no further trouble from their disease and will probably die of old age or some other [state] unrelated to their syphilis .

When the spinal cord is involved a condition known as tabes dorsalis occurs .
when the spinal cord is involved a [state] known as tabes dorsalis occurs .

In the majority of cases of late congenital syphilis the condition is in a latent phase , and it may be difficult to decide whether the infection is congenital or acquired .
in the majority of cases of late congenital syphilis the [state] is in a latent phase , and it may be difficult to decide whether the infection is congenital or acquired .

The condition is treated with sulphonamides or tetracyclines and the inguinal bubo may be aspirated or drained before it bursts .
the [state] is treated with sulphonamides or tetracyclines and the inguinal bubo may be aspirated or drained before it bursts .

It is certainly of low contagiousness and there is a possibility that the condition follows auto-infection from the bowel , where the causative organism can be found .
it is certainly of low contagiousness and there is a possibility that the [state] follows auto-infection from the bowel , where the causative organism can be found .

Bones and joints may be affected and if the process involves the nose and palate , a destructive , mutilating condition called gangosa occurs .
bones and joints may be affected and if the process involves the nose and palate , a destructive , mutilating [state] called gangosa occurs .

The background coloration of females in breeding condition , is a greenish-brown with two brown stripes along the flanks , and a lighter off-white belly .
the background coloration of females in breeding [state] , is a greenish-brown with two brown stripes along the flanks , and a lighter off-white belly .

‘ Hand In Glove ’ , as if written in the euphoric condition of a new found love affair , holds all the ecstasy of that irrational condition with a typical defeatist twist in the tail .
‘ hand in glove ’ , as if written in the euphoric [state] of a new found love affair , holds all the ecstasy of that irrational [state] with a typical defeatist twist in the tail .

This is , as Morrissey well knows , a perfectly natural human condition .
this is , as morrissey well knows , a perfectly natural human [state] .

His romantic notions of Oscar Wilde are fully acted out while he stays in this condition .
his romantic notions of oscar wilde are fully acted out while he stays in this [state] .

This condition is known as ‘ familial hypercholesterolaemia ’ ( too much cholesterol in the blood ) and it is usually treated with drugs and a strict diet .
this [state] is known as ‘ familial hypercholesterolaemia ’ ( too much cholesterol in the blood ) and it is usually treated with drugs and a strict diet .

The Brache Estate sports ground occupies land sold by the late Lady Zia Wernher to the car company on condition that it be used for sport .
the brache estate sports ground occupies land sold by the late lady zia wernher to the car company on [state] that it be used for sport .

Endometriosis is the answer : a condition in which tissues resembling the endometrium , or the lining of the womb , grow either within the muscular walls of the uterus or even outside the uterine cavity altogether — in the ovaries or the bowel , for instance .
endometriosis is the answer : a [state] in which tissues resembling the endometrium , or the lining of the womb , grow either within the muscular walls of the uterus or even outside the uterine cavity altogether — in the ovaries or the bowel , for instance .

Depending on the site of the condition , symptoms can include backache , rectal pain , period pain , irregular periods , painful intercourse and subfertility .
depending on the site of the [state] , symptoms can include backache , rectal pain , period pain , irregular periods , painful intercourse and subfertility .

It is a condition that can be cured by hormone treatment , or if necessary , by surgery , and some women have found that it disappears altogether during pregnancy and never returns .
it is a [state] that can be cured by hormone treatment , or if necessary , by surgery , and some women have found that it disappears altogether during pregnancy and never returns .

But although it is such a widespread condition , endometriosis is often overlooked because it can only be diagnosed by a minor surgical procedure called laparoscopy ( the insertion of an illuminated instrument through a small incision in the abdomen ) and many suffers do have problems getting their GPs to refer them to a specialist who can do the these for them .
but although it is such a widespread [state] , endometriosis is often overlooked because it can only be diagnosed by a minor surgical procedure called laparoscopy ( the insertion of an illuminated instrument through a small incision in the abdomen ) and many suffers do have problems getting their gps to refer them to a specialist who can do the these for them .

The carpet has been there for three years and is still in good condition — the only signs of wear are the marks left by ‘ wee Lachie ’ , the Stewarts ' three-year-old son .
the carpet has been there for three years and is still in good [state] — the only signs of wear are the marks left by ‘ wee lachie ’ , the stewarts ' three-year-old son .

Fortunately , it is a temporary condition and eventually your hair will return to normal .
fortunately , it is a temporary [state] and eventually your hair will return to normal .

It 's the most irritable type of scalp condition and it 's on the increase .
it 's the most irritable type of scalp [state] and it 's on the increase .

If you regularly perm your hair and find its condition is getting worse , it could be your hair is suffering the effect of those bleaching agents .
if you regularly perm your hair and find its [state] is getting worse , it could be your hair is suffering the effect of those bleaching agents .

Vidal Sassoon 's Wash and Go ( £1.59 , 200ml ) is a new concept in conditioning shampoos , containing silicone to condition .
vidal sassoon 's wash and go ( £1.59 , 200ml ) is a new concept in conditioning shampoos , containing silicone to [state] .

Beautiful hair in the peak of condition does n't just come out of a bottle .
beautiful hair in the peak of [state] does n't just come out of a bottle .

This is true in the same way that our ideal of what God can do in our lives is counterpoised by the actual human condition we find ourselves in .
this is true in the same way that our ideal of what god can do in our lives is counterpoised by the actual human [state] we find ourselves in .

Our sexual condition can help us to recognize how guarded we are , or how self-seeking , manipulative , or fearful we are , instead of being trusting , selfless , kindly , reverent and free in the bonds of love .
our sexual [state] can help us to recognize how guarded we are , or how self-seeking , manipulative , or fearful we are , instead of being trusting , selfless , kindly , reverent and free in the bonds of love .

Our sinful condition can also make us uncomfortable in the presence of God 's moral perfection .
our sinful [state] can also make us uncomfortable in the presence of god 's moral perfection .

Jesus always faced the human condition head-on .
jesus always faced the human [state] head-on .

For this reason , poverty is closer to our true condition than the much-admired qualities of the rich or the powerful .
for this reason , poverty is closer to our true [state] than the much-admired qualities of the rich or the powerful .

This is what Jesus did in facing up to our fallen condition .
this is what jesus did in facing up to our fallen [state] .

This leads us to mourn for our condition .
this leads us to mourn for our [state] .

For Pascal , the truth about our condition was a strange paradox :
for pascal , the truth about our [state] was a strange paradox :

The physical condition of the heart can be linked with the emotional conditions of the inner life .
the physical [state] of the heart can be linked with the emotional conditions of the inner life .

Tests in which the temperature and/or humidity are changed at regular intervals and which , therefore , subject the pack to varying rather than static stresses , are sometimes more severe tests than continuous storage at one condition .
tests in which the temperature and/or humidity are changed at regular intervals and which , therefore , subject the pack to varying rather than static stresses , are sometimes more severe tests than continuous storage at one [state] .

Similarly in tests of water-vapour barrier properties of packs , changing conditions of temperature and humidity sometimes reveal inadequacies that continuous storage at one equilibrium condition does not .
similarly in tests of water-vapour barrier properties of packs , changing conditions of temperature and humidity sometimes reveal inadequacies that continuous storage at one equilibrium [state] does not .

It is necessary to draw up a projected examination schedule and to put on storage at each test condition more than sufficient samples to meet that schedule .
it is necessary to draw up a projected examination schedule and to put on storage at each test [state] more than sufficient samples to meet that schedule .

The duration of tests at any one condition depends on the condition and again must be subject to variation in the light of findings as the test progresses . The following are suggested durations at different conditions :
the duration of tests at any one [state] depends on the [state] and again must be subject to variation in the light of findings as the test progresses . the following are suggested durations at different conditions :

In the meantime , my father 's condition had grown neither better nor worse .
in the meantime , my father 's [state] had grown neither better nor worse .

The presence of earthworms and deep , strong grass roots are very good signs ; shallow , matted roots , a hard ‘ pan ’ near the surface , rushes , and surface water indicate a soil in poor structural condition .
the presence of earthworms and deep , strong grass roots are very good signs ; shallow , matted roots , a hard ‘ pan ’ near the surface , rushes , and surface water indicate a soil in poor structural [state] .

The photographic archive of the Crown Agents in London contains a magnificent record of these stations in their pristine condition .
the photographic archive of the crown agents in london contains a magnificent record of these stations in their pristine [state] .

This is a condition of creating an equal and classless society .
this is a [state] of creating an equal and classless society .

And among the unexpected discoveries in the ‘ skiploads of junk ’ at Calke was a state bed with all its Chinese hangings , which had never been unwrapped and was therefore in mint condition ( valued at £1 million at least ) .
and among the unexpected discoveries in the ‘ skiploads of junk ’ at calke was a state bed with all its chinese hangings , which had never been unwrapped and was therefore in mint [state] ( valued at £1 million at least ) .

The family was willing in principle to loan or sell some of the most important contents of the staterooms to a hotel , but only on condition that they were given proper conservation safeguards .
the family was willing in principle to loan or sell some of the most important contents of the staterooms to a hotel , but only on [state] that they were given proper conservation safeguards .

St Mary 's , although nearly repaired to satisfactory condition , still needs a new use .
st mary 's , although nearly repaired to satisfactory [state] , still needs a new use .

Be sure to understand their needs and aspirations and counterbalance any pessimistic reports they may have received about the church 's condition and the cost of repair .
be sure to understand their needs and aspirations and counterbalance any pessimistic reports they may have received about the church 's [state] and the cost of repair .

Because of the condition of the ramp , action this year got off to a slow start with the ramp 's resurfacing being the prime objective .
because of the [state] of the ramp , action this year got off to a slow start with the ramp 's resurfacing being the prime objective .

The ramp is still heavily used despite it 's small transitions and general condition .
the ramp is still heavily used despite it 's small transitions and general [state] .

Like Bakhtin , again , Adorno and Horkheimer maintain that mass or popular entertainment finds the condition of its existence and its significance in its relationship to ‘ official discourse ’ and the culture industry .
like bakhtin , again , adorno and horkheimer maintain that mass or popular entertainment finds the [state] of its existence and its significance in its relationship to ‘ official discourse ’ and the culture industry .

Condition critical
[state] critical

Is it a localized condition or the sign of a generalized bodily disorder ?
is it a localized [state] or the sign of a generalized bodily disorder ?

But it was a far cry to advance from recognizing that some breast cancers diminished when deprived of oestrogens to achieving an effective cure of a common and usually fatal condition .
but it was a far cry to advance from recognizing that some breast cancers diminished when deprived of oestrogens to achieving an effective cure of a common and usually fatal [state] .

It was fashionable at the time to study the colloidal state , a condition in which small molecules are associated in loose , somewhat indefinite aggregates .
it was fashionable at the time to study the colloidal state , a [state] in which small molecules are associated in loose , somewhat indefinite aggregates .

However , one must remember that the number of plants reputed to relieve one condition or another is enormous , and that most of them have not stood up to critical investigation .
however , one must remember that the number of plants reputed to relieve one [state] or another is enormous , and that most of them have not stood up to critical investigation .

Alzheimer described a similar condition beginning in middle life .
alzheimer described a similar [state] beginning in middle life .

One mental condition after another turned out to have a physical basis and , sometimes , to be alleviated when the physical defect was corrected .
one mental [state] after another turned out to have a physical basis and , sometimes , to be alleviated when the physical defect was corrected .

Once the spirochaete which caused syphilis had been identified and Wassermann had invented the diagnostic reaction which perpetuates his name , the condition called general paralysis of the insane was recognized to be the result of a long-lasting infection .
once the spirochaete which caused syphilis had been identified and wassermann had invented the diagnostic reaction which perpetuates his name , the [state] called general paralysis of the insane was recognized to be the result of a long-lasting infection .

It was easy to imagine depression as a condition in which the stores of certain amines became exhausted : then the monoamine oxidase inhibitors would prevent destruction of noradrenaline and conserve what was available , while the tricyclics prevented losses from the stores .
it was easy to imagine depression as a [state] in which the stores of certain amines became exhausted : then the monoamine oxidase inhibitors would prevent destruction of noradrenaline and conserve what was available , while the tricyclics prevented losses from the stores .

The Rottweiler is to be exhibited in a natural condition with no trimming .
the rottweiler is to be exhibited in a natural [state] with no trimming .

The dog is with his owner for the greater part of the weekend and , through the week , the dog is road walked to produce fitness and show condition , so the ordinary show dog , apart from receiving the care and love of his owner , receives exercise and mental stimulus and is bonded with his owner by a common purpose .
the dog is with his owner for the greater part of the weekend and , through the week , the dog is road walked to produce fitness and show [state] , so the ordinary show dog , apart from receiving the care and love of his owner , receives exercise and mental stimulus and is bonded with his owner by a common purpose .

The best-turned out person in the world can be quickly reduced to tramp-like condition by a muddy Rottweiler .
the best-turned out person in the world can be quickly reduced to tramp-like [state] by a muddy rottweiler .

First , there is the question of condition : with a few exceptions the books listed have their entire life in front of them , certainly hundreds of years , and only a few are even what the booksellers would call ‘ reading copies ’ .
first , there is the question of [state] : with a few exceptions the books listed have their entire life in front of them , certainly hundreds of years , and only a few are even what the booksellers would call ‘ reading copies ’ .

The condition of the books in my list suggests that Vaisey is right and that , at least as far as English printed books are concerned , the justification of dispersal for reasons of ‘ preservation ’ is to be discounted .
the [state] of the books in my list suggests that vaisey is right and that , at least as far as english printed books are concerned , the justification of dispersal for reasons of ‘ preservation ’ is to be discounted .

The oldest book here is Kennett 's Roman Antiquities published in 1699 and still in perfectly sound condition , though its plates have been removed by a ‘ breaker ’ — someone who removes all the maps and plates from a book , sells the plates , coloured and framed , to interior designers and other such people , and then throws the book away .
the oldest book here is kennett 's roman antiquities published in 1699 and still in perfectly sound [state] , though its plates have been removed by a ‘ breaker ’ — someone who removes all the maps and plates from a book , sells the plates , coloured and framed , to interior designers and other such people , and then throws the book away .

They considered George Bush 's insistence on the withdrawal of Iraqi troops from Kuwait as a condition which destroyed the basis for negotiations , as once withdrawal had taken place there would no longer be a conflict to negotiate .
they considered george bush 's insistence on the withdrawal of iraqi troops from kuwait as a [state] which destroyed the basis for negotiations , as once withdrawal had taken place there would no longer be a conflict to negotiate .

It 's not satire exactly , since Hayworth has too kindly an eye for the human condition .
it 's not satire exactly , since hayworth has too kindly an eye for the human [state] .

Nearly two years ago , this page highlighted the condition of Debbie Finni , a 21-year-old Manchester amnesiac trapped by official indifference in a twilight world of video tapes and puzzle books .
nearly two years ago , this page highlighted the [state] of debbie finni , a 21-year-old manchester amnesiac trapped by official indifference in a twilight world of video tapes and puzzle books .

Everything depends on the degree of the condition , as determined by social services following medical advice .
everything depends on the degree of the [state] , as determined by social services following medical advice .

When her father , a retired civil servant , asked her about his wife 's condition , she would reply : ‘ The same as usual .
when her father , a retired civil servant , asked her about his wife 's [state] , she would reply : ‘ the same as usual .

His trainer , David Barons , is convinced the horse was ‘ got at ’ but whatever the reason for Playschool 's failure it has taken all Barons 's skill and experience to get him back in racing condition after his latest setback .
his trainer , david barons , is convinced the horse was ‘ got at ’ but whatever the reason for playschool 's failure it has taken all barons 's skill and experience to get him back in racing [state] after his latest setback .

His trainer , David Barons , is convinced the horse was ‘ got at ’ but whatever the reason for Playschool 's failure it has taken all Barons 's skill and experience to get him back in racing condition after his latest setback .
his trainer , david barons , is convinced the horse was ‘ got at ’ but whatever the reason for playschool 's failure it has taken all barons 's skill and experience to get him back in racing [state] after his latest setback .

The completion of the Canadian Pacific was the condition of the west joining the confederation .
the completion of the canadian pacific was the [state] of the west joining the confederation .

Following the on-site inspection , the findings are analysed and the Surveyor prepares his written report , giving the purchaser a clear picture of the property 's condition and information of the important defects which will need immediate attention and those which may be required in the medium to long term .
following the on-site inspection , the findings are analysed and the surveyor prepares his written report , giving the purchaser a clear picture of the property 's [state] and information of the important defects which will need immediate attention and those which may be required in the medium to long term .

Architects will provide partial services to advise you on the condition of a property you are interested in .
architects will provide partial services to advise you on the [state] of a property you are interested in .

Mr Berge , appointed in September last year by his friend President Mitterrand , opened the conference with the declaration that despite the jealous and envious reports of the foreign press they now had at the Opera a ‘ welded team ’ and were in a condition of being ‘ resonant and reasonable ’ .
mr berge , appointed in september last year by his friend president mitterrand , opened the conference with the declaration that despite the jealous and envious reports of the foreign press they now had at the opera a ‘ welded team ’ and were in a [state] of being ‘ resonant and reasonable ’ .

Top notes present thrillingly , and Kollo 's technique is in mint condition after nearly 25 years .
top notes present thrillingly , and kollo 's technique is in mint [state] after nearly 25 years .

Wigan were dismayed at his condition when he came back , and there was a half-hearted threat from Central Park to demand financial compensation from the Sydney club .
wigan were dismayed at his [state] when he came back , and there was a half-hearted threat from central park to demand financial compensation from the sydney club .

In much the same way , nearly all creature comforts must be sacrificed for performance — a condition which is worth it most of the time , but very occasionally not .
in much the same way , nearly all creature comforts must be sacrificed for performance — a [state] which is worth it most of the time , but very occasionally not .

March is slow although flounder start to return as April approoaches , but many are in poor condition .
march is slow although flounder start to return as april approoaches , but many are in poor [state] .

The Briston Avaon at Conham was in perfect condition despite the cosd and match organiser Dave Haines ( Briston Sensas ) topped the 30-strong field with 6–8–0 .
the briston avaon at conham was in perfect [state] despite the cosd and match organiser dave haines ( briston sensas ) topped the 30-strong field with 6–8–0 .

One of the nastiest pseudo-religious books of the Victorian age helped to condition the impressionable mind of a future Christian leader of the next century .
one of the nastiest pseudo-religious books of the victorian age helped to [state] the impressionable mind of a future christian leader of the next century .

The student needed to hear from the throne of the lecturer something which spoke to his intellectual condition and his religious condition , his mind and his soul , simultaneously .
the student needed to hear from the throne of the lecturer something which spoke to his intellectual [state] and his religious [state] , his mind and his soul , simultaneously .

He went back to Cuddesdon for the autumn term , but the mental condition was very adverse .
he went back to cuddesdon for the autumn term , but the mental [state] was very adverse .

Here was a student who overworked for more than a year and needed rest ; who was already in an emotional condition by the recognition of the highest ideals and their obligation upon him ; and then , instead of the rest which he needed , he had to endure the utterly unexpected death , in very distressing family conditions , of the person in the world to whom he felt nearest .
here was a student who overworked for more than a year and needed rest ; who was already in an emotional [state] by the recognition of the highest ideals and their obligation upon him ; and then , instead of the rest which he needed , he had to endure the utterly unexpected death , in very distressing family conditions , of the person in the world to whom he felt nearest .

Alington allowed him and two other canons to introduce the daily sacrament on condition that they did not expect it to be part of the cathedral 's official usage .
alington allowed him and two other canons to introduce the daily sacrament on [state] that they did not expect it to be part of the cathedral 's official usage .

But in addition to this , wine would be made available to the local population at an affordable price , and in a condition that allows it to be stored without spoiling .
but in addition to this , wine would be made available to the local population at an affordable price , and in a [state] that allows it to be stored without spoiling .

He refused to allow the party access to his fund , and partly for this reason the Liberals were forced to accept a drastic reduction in the number of candidatures , from 513 in 1929 to 112 in 1931 , The condition of the Liberals was far more serious than that of Labour , for the Liberal party was beginning to lose its sense of identity and purpose ( and has still not fully recovered it ) .
he refused to allow the party access to his fund , and partly for this reason the liberals were forced to accept a drastic reduction in the number of candidatures , from 513 in 1929 to 112 in 1931 , the [state] of the liberals was far more serious than that of labour , for the liberal party was beginning to lose its sense of identity and purpose ( and has still not fully recovered it ) .

’ It is not part of Stone 's business to look at the condition of working people , but the illustrations in the book reveal very little about the thought styles that the privileged brought to marriage and divorce .
’ it is not part of stone 's business to look at the [state] of working people , but the illustrations in the book reveal very little about the thought styles that the privileged brought to marriage and divorce .

Lower Patel girls married higher Patel boys but on condition that their parents paid vast dowries to acknowledge the rise in status of their daughters .
lower patel girls married higher patel boys but on [state] that their parents paid vast dowries to acknowledge the rise in status of their daughters .

The elders of these families — often in a pitiable condition themselves since , being old , they suffer most from being refugees — are thrown into utter confusion at their powerlessness .
the elders of these families — often in a pitiable [state] themselves since , being old , they suffer most from being refugees — are thrown into utter confusion at their powerlessness .

The maintaining of the male ego in perfect condition remains an essential activity of the nuclear family .
the maintaining of the male ego in perfect [state] remains an essential activity of the nuclear family .

In 1868 and 1879 the two ‘ Torrens Acts ’ made the owner of a house responsible for keeping it in a habitable condition , and gave powers of compulsion to the local authority .
in 1868 and 1879 the two ‘ torrens acts ’ made the owner of a house responsible for keeping it in a habitable [state] , and gave powers of compulsion to the local authority .

There was , however , one perfectly clear and simple condition which had to be fulfilled if any rational deduction was to be drawn as to the effect of abolition .
there was , however , one perfectly clear and simple [state] which had to be fulfilled if any rational deduction was to be drawn as to the effect of abolition .

In all society , and as a condition of the survival of society , there is a balance between human characteristics .
in all society , and as a [state] of the survival of society , there is a balance between human characteristics .

In each case the Canadian fiction of a supposedly identical sovereign was repudiated ; and in each case the continuance of a unity which had been due only to the former British connection was made a prior condition for even pretending to play the Canadian game .
in each case the canadian fiction of a supposedly identical sovereign was repudiated ; and in each case the continuance of a unity which had been due only to the former british connection was made a prior [state] for even pretending to play the canadian game .

It is one of Callinicos ' main concerns to relate the constellation of ideas and cultural practices trading under a conception of the postmodern condition to an inadequate and escapist politics : the claim , as one of his own critics has had it , that ‘ the conditions that sustain oppression can be altered piecemeal ’ ( Patton , cited , p. 85 ) .
it is one of callinicos ' main concerns to relate the constellation of ideas and cultural practices trading under a conception of the postmodern [state] to an inadequate and escapist politics : the claim , as one of his own critics has had it , that ‘ the conditions that sustain oppression can be altered piecemeal ’ ( patton , cited , p. 85 ) .

The point is that for Callinicos , Nietzschean thought is an instance of Romantic anti-capitalism : that form of refusal of the implications of capitalist modernity which has been present virtually since the birth of that condition , described by Michael Lowy as ‘ opposition to capitalism in the name of pre-capitalist values ’ ( cited p. 67 ) .
the point is that for callinicos , nietzschean thought is an instance of romantic anti-capitalism : that form of refusal of the implications of capitalist modernity which has been present virtually since the birth of that [state] , described by michael lowy as ‘ opposition to capitalism in the name of pre-capitalist values ’ ( cited p. 67 ) .

Furthermore , their policy implications may be quite limited since they define the environment , and condition people 's behaviour within it , but are frequently outside the area of influence of planners , civil servants and aid-donors .
furthermore , their policy implications may be quite limited since they define the environment , and [state] people 's behaviour within it , but are frequently outside the area of influence of planners , civil servants and aid-donors .

The only condition is that the driver has a clean licence and has the permission of the mobility supplement holder .
the only [state] is that the driver has a clean licence and has the permission of the mobility supplement holder .

No doubt , in many ways this gloom about the condition of Britain in the seventies was exaggerated .
no doubt , in many ways this gloom about the [state] of britain in the seventies was exaggerated .

Prague is a spectacular city with its churches , museums , castles and street after street of baroque — and many other — style buildings , many more than 200 years old with the façades at least still in good condition .
prague is a spectacular city with its churches , museums , castles and street after street of baroque — and many other — style buildings , many more than 200 years old with the façades at least still in good [state] .

The car had been washed but not valeted and its general condition suggested that the 58,160 mileage was genuine — something that the decidedly patchy service history was unable to confirm ( the vehicle arrived at Ritchie Motors without a service book ) .
the car had been washed but not valeted and its general [state] suggested that the 58,160 mileage was genuine — something that the decidedly patchy service history was unable to confirm ( the vehicle arrived at ritchie motors without a service book ) .

Beneath a surface grubbiness inside , the seats , carpets and trim were in excellent condition .
beneath a surface grubbiness inside , the seats , carpets and trim were in excellent [state] .

Arriving like a final dea ex machina , Doris 's condition makes her like an ironic version of that goddess in Tennyson 's ‘ oenone ’ , ‘ Idalian Aphrodite beautiful , / Fresh as the foam , new-bathed in paphian wells .
arriving like a final dea ex machina , doris 's [state] makes her like an ironic version of that goddess in tennyson 's ‘ oenone ’ , ‘ idalian aphrodite beautiful , / fresh as the foam , new-bathed in paphian wells .

The visitor of the last stanza comes ‘ more violent , more profound , / One soul , disdainful or disdained , ’ and in the condition of the year-spirit or , ‘ his shadowed beauty stained / The colour of the withered year ’ , to go to a death which places him in the position of savage sacrifice and , for he is surely related to the saints of Eliot 's other early poems , martyr ‘ Self-immolating on the Mound ’ .
the visitor of the last stanza comes ‘ more violent , more profound , / one soul , disdainful or disdained , ’ and in the [state] of the year-spirit or , ‘ his shadowed beauty stained / the colour of the withered year ’ , to go to a death which places him in the position of savage sacrifice and , for he is surely related to the saints of eliot 's other early poems , martyr ‘ self-immolating on the mound ’ .

Clearly Eliot was fascinated by the relationships posited between art and ritual , so that he stressed in 1923 that ‘ all art emulates the condition of ritual .
clearly eliot was fascinated by the relationships posited between art and ritual , so that he stressed in 1923 that ‘ all art emulates the [state] of ritual .

While publishing Dawson on ‘ Religion and the Totalitarian State ’ , he selected for notice in the 1934 Criterion a book highlighting persecution of European Jews ; he wrote to Pound speaking of his offence at Pound 's antisemitic remarks ; with regard to the Vichy government in 1941 he wrote in The Christian News-Letter of his ‘ greatest anxiety ’ at news ‘ that ‘ Jews have been given a special status , based on the laws of Nuremberg , which makes their condition little better than that of bondsmen .
while publishing dawson on ‘ religion and the totalitarian state ’ , he selected for notice in the 1934 criterion a book highlighting persecution of european jews ; he wrote to pound speaking of his offence at pound 's antisemitic remarks ; with regard to the vichy government in 1941 he wrote in the christian news-letter of his ‘ greatest anxiety ’ at news ‘ that ‘ jews have been given a special status , based on the laws of nuremberg , which makes their [state] little better than that of bondsmen .

So while homophobia may sometimes originate in and , as it circulates socially , reconnect with repressed desire , the latter can not be homophobia 's necessary condition since it often circulates without it , and in a socio-political form which is more rapid , more widespread , more economical , and possibly more destructive .
so while homophobia may sometimes originate in and , as it circulates socially , reconnect with repressed desire , the latter can not be homophobia 's necessary [state] since it often circulates without it , and in a socio-political form which is more rapid , more widespread , more economical , and possibly more destructive .

The eminent Kleinian psychoanalyst , Hanna Segal , has recently declared the adult homosexual structure to be inherently pathological , disturbed , and perverse , and this because of an inbuilt , narcissistic desire for the same : ‘ homosexuality is of necessity a narcissistic condition , as the name itself betrays .
the eminent kleinian psychoanalyst , hanna segal , has recently declared the adult homosexual structure to be inherently pathological , disturbed , and perverse , and this because of an inbuilt , narcissistic desire for the same : ‘ homosexuality is of necessity a narcissistic [state] , as the name itself betrays .

If the unconscious means anything whatsoever , it is that the relation of self and others , inner and outer , can not be grasped as an interval between Polar and opposites but rather as an irreducible dislocation of the subject in which the other inhabits the self as its condition of possibility . ( Weber , The Legend of Freud , 32 — 3 , his emphasis )
if the unconscious means anything whatsoever , it is that the relation of self and others , inner and outer , can not be grasped as an interval between polar and opposites but rather as an irreducible dislocation of the subject in which the other inhabits the self as its [state] of possibility . ( weber , the legend of freud , 32 — 3 , his emphasis )

Further , rather than seeking such a sensibility in an ‘ inner condition ’ , we might more usefully identify it outwardly and in relation to other strategies of survival and subversion , especially the masquerade of femininity , and the mimicry of the colonial subject .
further , rather than seeking such a sensibility in an ‘ inner [state] ’ , we might more usefully identify it outwardly and in relation to other strategies of survival and subversion , especially the masquerade of femininity , and the mimicry of the colonial subject .

And it those subcultures discredit any notion of an essential or unitary gay desire , they also constitute a crucial enabling condition of transgressive reinscription .
and it those subcultures discredit any notion of an essential or unitary gay desire , they also constitute a crucial enabling [state] of transgressive reinscription .

And this , far from being a containment ( transgression presupposing and thereby ratifying the norm it contravenes ) , is one condition of the norm 's undoing .
and this , far from being a containment ( transgression presupposing and thereby ratifying the norm it contravenes ) , is one [state] of the norm 's undoing .

‘ Postmodern knowledge ’ , says Jean-François Lyotard , ‘ refines our sensibility to difference and reinforces our ability to tolerate the incommensurable ’ ( Postmodern Condition , p. xxv ) .
‘ postmodern knowledge ’ , says jean-françois lyotard , ‘ refines our sensibility to difference and reinforces our ability to tolerate the incommensurable ’ ( postmodern [state] , p. xxv ) .

Homi Bhabha finds that Fanon most profoundly evokes the colonial condition not in his yearning for ‘ the total transformation of Man and Society ’ , nor in his appeal to the human essence ( though ‘ he lapses into such a lament in his more existential moment ’ ) , but in his understanding of the workings of ‘ image and fantasy — those orders that figure transgressively on the borders of history and the unconscious ’ ( foreword to Fanon , Black Skin , p. xiii ) .
homi bhabha finds that fanon most profoundly evokes the colonial [state] not in his yearning for ‘ the total transformation of man and society ’ , nor in his appeal to the human essence ( though ‘ he lapses into such a lament in his more existential moment ’ ) , but in his understanding of the workings of ‘ image and fantasy — those orders that figure transgressively on the borders of history and the unconscious ’ ( foreword to fanon , black skin , p. xiii ) .

Once the election has been completed , they revert to a condition of slavery : they are nothing , ( Rousseau , quoted by Pulzer , 1975 , p. 18 ) .
once the election has been completed , they revert to a [state] of slavery : they are nothing , ( rousseau , quoted by pulzer , 1975 , p. 18 ) .

Marx was not the first to denounce the wretched condition of the working class in capitalist countries , nor was he the first to point out the apparent anomaly that those who produced the wealth , the workers , were the poorest while those who were apparently useless drones , the capitalists and their associates , were the richest .
marx was not the first to denounce the wretched [state] of the working class in capitalist countries , nor was he the first to point out the apparent anomaly that those who produced the wealth , the workers , were the poorest while those who were apparently useless drones , the capitalists and their associates , were the richest .

For Marx this historical work was also political , because he believed that understanding the workers ' condition through the study of history would enable them the better to fight it .
for marx this historical work was also political , because he believed that understanding the workers ' [state] through the study of history would enable them the better to fight it .

Naturally Marx started by explaining the historical mechanism and inner working of the social system which dominated the condition of the working class at the time when he wrote on capitalism .
naturally marx started by explaining the historical mechanism and inner working of the social system which dominated the [state] of the working class at the time when he wrote on capitalism .

Ideas and concepts may thus be in fact misleading as to the real condition of existence ; they are not the reflection of the economic system but the product of a complex historical process of changing adaptation .
ideas and concepts may thus be in fact misleading as to the real [state] of existence ; they are not the reflection of the economic system but the product of a complex historical process of changing adaptation .

It is by this process of conflict and contradiction , caused by a multiplicity of factors all arising from the natural conditions of existence , that history proceeds to the human condition and human ideas current at a particular moment .
it is by this process of conflict and contradiction , caused by a multiplicity of factors all arising from the natural conditions of existence , that history proceeds to the human [state] and human ideas current at a particular moment .

The reliquary was a fine specimen of that type of art and of very good quality and in fine condition .
the reliquary was a fine specimen of that type of art and of very good quality and in fine [state] .

Neural cells can be kept in good condition in vivo for many hours , and provide a good chemical test system and model for memory .
neural cells can be kept in good [state] in vivo for many hours , and provide a good chemical test system and model for memory .

He died in 1753 , in his ninety-third year , having made arrangements for his great collections , valued at £80,000 , to be left to the nation , on the condition that £20,000 be paid to his daughters .
he died in 1753 , in his ninety-third year , having made arrangements for his great collections , valued at £80,000 , to be left to the nation , on the [state] that £20,000 be paid to his daughters .

After long debate in Parliament , the condition was accepted and the collections were moved to Montague House to become the nucleus of the British Museum .
after long debate in parliament , the [state] was accepted and the collections were moved to montague house to become the nucleus of the british museum .

This was a condition not easily achieved at the Physic Garden because , Miller added , ‘ we have very little loam within a favourable distance ’ .
this was a [state] not easily achieved at the physic garden because , miller added , ‘ we have very little loam within a favourable distance ’ .

With care and following Fothergill 's instructions many plants arrived yearly from China in splendid condition .
with care and following fothergill 's instructions many plants arrived yearly from china in splendid [state] .

He also advised that seeds be sent in a vegetating condition , packed in layers of damp sphagnum moss .
he also advised that seeds be sent in a vegetating [state] , packed in layers of damp sphagnum moss .

Another condition was that Margaret would allow her husband to give priority to his ministerial work .
another [state] was that margaret would allow her husband to give priority to his ministerial work .

During the Second World War of 1939 to 1945 , Chiswick House was occupied by the Fire Services and the house , remarkably , was hit by incendiary bombs , so the condition of the entire property had become so dilapidated that entire renovation was required .
during the second world war of 1939 to 1945 , chiswick house was occupied by the fire services and the house , remarkably , was hit by incendiary bombs , so the [state] of the entire property had become so dilapidated that entire renovation was required .

Examples of the satisfaction gained ranged from ‘ being able to use condition scoring techniques to monitor feeding of the ewes ’ to ‘ being able to undertake major welding repairs and construct an ‘ A-frame ’ structure for a roof '' .
examples of the satisfaction gained ranged from ‘ being able to use [state] scoring techniques to monitor feeding of the ewes ’ to ‘ being able to undertake major welding repairs and construct an ‘ a-frame ’ structure for a roof '' .

Ingram was in no condition to knock on anything , although his head did n't know that as he leaned forward against the thick bottle glass .
ingram was in no [state] to knock on anything , although his head did n't know that as he leaned forward against the thick bottle glass .

‘ We should have been more alert to her condition before placing any foster child there .
‘ we should have been more alert to her [state] before placing any foster child there .

But he had been young and in good condition .
but he had been young and in good [state] .

They were not equipped to deal with a progressive condition , they were not that kind of establishment .
they were not equipped to deal with a progressive [state] , they were not that kind of establishment .

The whole point of his being there was because of his condition .
the whole point of his being there was because of his [state] .

The analysis of the fresco 's condition and the restoration procedures require extreme delicacy .
the analysis of the fresco 's [state] and the restoration procedures require extreme delicacy .

These critical angles correspond to the condition at which the edge of the cone crosses the neighbouring atom .
these critical angles correspond to the [state] at which the edge of the cone crosses the neighbouring atom .

The fascinating feature of the Guineas betting is that Alnasr Alwasheek and the Cecil-trained Pursuit of Love are completely different types ; Alnasr Alwasheek appeared sharp and able to quicken on fast ground , while his chief rival looked big , laid back and carrying enough condition for his trainer to work on when taking Wednesday 's European Free Handicap .
the fascinating feature of the guineas betting is that alnasr alwasheek and the cecil-trained pursuit of love are completely different types ; alnasr alwasheek appeared sharp and able to quicken on fast ground , while his chief rival looked big , laid back and carrying enough [state] for his trainer to work on when taking wednesday 's european free handicap .

His condition was later described as critical .
his [state] was later described as critical .

This contradicted the underlying intentions of the legislation which sees all young people as needing pedagogical support irrespective of their social condition .
this contradicted the underlying intentions of the legislation which sees all young people as needing pedagogical support irrespective of their social [state] .

The range of provisions mentioned includes individual counselling , social groupwork , social skills training , also as a condition of supervision orders to juvenile probation officers , intensive family support projects and foster care with a pedagogical orientation .
the range of provisions mentioned includes individual counselling , social groupwork , social skills training , also as a [state] of supervision orders to juvenile probation officers , intensive family support projects and foster care with a pedagogical orientation .

In a previous article ( Triseliotis , 1985 ) it was pointed out that the Adoption Act 1976 and 1978 ( Scotland ) might have to be changed to provide explicitly that adoption orders could be made with a condition of access , where desirable , for members of the biological family .
in a previous article ( triseliotis , 1985 ) it was pointed out that the adoption act 1976 and 1978 ( scotland ) might have to be changed to provide explicitly that adoption orders could be made with a [state] of access , where desirable , for members of the biological family .

On the other hand , it could be argued that if it is considered necessary to make an adoption order with a condition of access , then this may be seen as being imposed on the two or three parties and possibly of little value .
on the other hand , it could be argued that if it is considered necessary to make an adoption order with a [state] of access , then this may be seen as being imposed on the two or three parties and possibly of little value .

Subsequently the Adoption Act of 1975 ( s. 8 ( 7 ) , later section 12 ( 6 ) of the Adoption Act 1976 ) made it more explicit that ‘ in making an adoption order a Court may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit ’ , but it was interpreted that any ‘ condition imposed should not impinge on the autonomy of adoptive parents ’ .
subsequently the adoption act of 1975 ( s. 8 ( 7 ) , later section 12 ( 6 ) of the adoption act 1976 ) made it more explicit that ‘ in making an adoption order a court may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit ’ , but it was interpreted that any ‘ [state] imposed should not impinge on the autonomy of adoptive parents ’ .

The mother 's objection was not found to be unreasonable and no suggestion was made to allow adoption with a condition of access so as not to deprive the ten year old of the security that goes with adoption compared to long-term foster care .
the mother 's objection was not found to be unreasonable and no suggestion was made to allow adoption with a [state] of access so as not to deprive the ten year old of the security that goes with adoption compared to long-term foster care .

By the summer of 774 Pavia was in a state of famine from the long siege , and Desiderius agreed to submit and open the gates on the condition that his life and those of his men would be spared .
by the summer of 774 pavia was in a state of famine from the long siege , and desiderius agreed to submit and open the gates on the [state] that his life and those of his men would be spared .

Likewise , John Newcombe would visualise the sequence from the dressing-room on to the court and the first few games to stem nervousness and condition his reactions in advance .
likewise , john newcombe would visualise the sequence from the dressing-room on to the court and the first few games to stem nervousness and [state] his reactions in advance .

Faint heart , perhaps — a mental condition .
faint heart , perhaps — a mental [state] .

My uncle , with his vast professional knowledge of the saleyard , has managed to find four horses which , although in bad condition — and therefore within our price range — are what ‘ Horse and Hound ’ calls proven performers .
my uncle , with his vast professional knowledge of the saleyard , has managed to find four horses which , although in bad [state] — and therefore within our price range — are what ‘ horse and hound ’ calls proven performers .

She inspected them under the warehouse light , her gimlet eyes roving over their grotty tack , the horses ' condition , the state of their shoes .
she inspected them under the warehouse light , her gimlet eyes roving over their grotty tack , the horses ' [state] , the state of their shoes .

They would scorn you in the condition you 're in .
they would scorn you in the [state] you 're in .

At the top of the league is Slovenia , and at the bottom Kosovo ( although Macedonia is not in a much better condition ) .
at the top of the league is slovenia , and at the bottom kosovo ( although macedonia is not in a much better [state] ) .

‘ He kept everything in perfect condition .
‘ he kept everything in perfect [state] .

The funeral service was a hurried one because of their condition .
the funeral service was a hurried one because of their [state] .

Thomas Malthus , first theorist of the dependency society and the true ancestor of present Conservative policies ( rather than Adam Smith , the preferred model ) , believed that women must always come off worst in the ‘ disgraceful ’ condition of poverty .
thomas malthus , first theorist of the dependency society and the true ancestor of present conservative policies ( rather than adam smith , the preferred model ) , believed that women must always come off worst in the ‘ disgraceful ’ [state] of poverty .

Times have changed dramatically for the worse in Wales , a condition brought on as much as anything by the masochistic fixture-making which has brought about so much contact between the countries since the Welsh were blacked out in the 1987 World Cup semi-final .
times have changed dramatically for the worse in wales , a [state] brought on as much as anything by the masochistic fixture-making which has brought about so much contact between the countries since the welsh were blacked out in the 1987 world cup semi-final .

Lord Joseph 's family was ‘ minimally observant ’ but ‘ maximally acknowledging ’ of Judaism , and his concern for poverty is , in a way , quintessentially Jewish , underpinned by a sense of charity and a belief that prosperity can be encouraged , as can his favourite condition , embourgeoisement .
lord joseph 's family was ‘ minimally observant ’ but ‘ maximally acknowledging ’ of judaism , and his concern for poverty is , in a way , quintessentially jewish , underpinned by a sense of charity and a belief that prosperity can be encouraged , as can his favourite [state] , embourgeoisement .

He refused to give details of the type , quantity and condition of the explosive or identify the ‘ terrorist paraphernalia ’ , although it is possible this might include timing devices or detonators .
he refused to give details of the type , quantity and [state] of the explosive or identify the ‘ terrorist paraphernalia ’ , although it is possible this might include timing devices or detonators .

The Divisional Court dismissed a general medical practitioner 's application for judicial review of the Health Secretary 's decision that Coventry Family Practitioners ' Committee acted within its powers and duties in imposing a condition on the doctor 's use of the BMA/Air Call Deputising Service .
the divisional court dismissed a general medical practitioner 's application for judicial review of the health secretary 's decision that coventry family practitioners ' committee acted within its powers and duties in imposing a [state] on the doctor 's use of the bma/air call deputising service .

Due to the incompetence of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Ethiopia , their condition rapidly deteriorated .
due to the incompetence of the united nations high commissioner for refugees in ethiopia , their [state] rapidly deteriorated .

Then she was swiftly ‘ restricted ’ again , a condition which has endured since .
then she was swiftly ‘ restricted ’ again , a [state] which has endured since .

( ii ) The Objective Condition .
( ii ) the objective [state] .

Section 2 does require that the abnormality of mind should be one ‘ arising from a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or injury ’ , but this range of admissible causes is sufficiently general to encourage a broad construction of the defence .
section 2 does require that the abnormality of mind should be one ‘ arising from a [state] of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or injury ’ , but this range of admissible causes is sufficiently general to encourage a broad construction of the defence .

Ten per cent received life imprisonment , 15 per cent were given determinate prison sentences of between four and ten years , 10 per cent were given prison sentences below four years , and 15 per cent were given probation orders ( with or without a condition of psychiatric treatment ) .
ten per cent received life imprisonment , 15 per cent were given determinate prison sentences of between four and ten years , 10 per cent were given prison sentences below four years , and 15 per cent were given probation orders ( with or without a [state] of psychiatric treatment ) .

The third criticism is that the medical basis of the Infanticide Act 1938 is now discredited : the reference to the effect of lactation is without foundation , and it is acknowledged that the social pressures consequent upon the arrival of a new child ( such as financial demands , unsuitable housing , effects on family relationships ) may be just as likely to lead to the mental disturbance manifest in these cases as any condition linked specifically with the event of giving birth .
the third criticism is that the medical basis of the infanticide act 1938 is now discredited : the reference to the effect of lactation is without foundation , and it is acknowledged that the social pressures consequent upon the arrival of a new child ( such as financial demands , unsuitable housing , effects on family relationships ) may be just as likely to lead to the mental disturbance manifest in these cases as any [state] linked specifically with the event of giving birth .

‘ Every intellectual who is called before one of the committees ought to refuse to testify , ’ wrote Einstein in an open letter to a New York teacher , one of thousands required to take a loyalty oath as a condition of further employment .
‘ every intellectual who is called before one of the committees ought to refuse to testify , ’ wrote einstein in an open letter to a new york teacher , one of thousands required to take a loyalty oath as a [state] of further employment .

Alternatively , homoeopathic treatment for the same ‘ inability to cope ’ condition has been equally successful .
alternatively , homoeopathic treatment for the same ‘ inability to cope ’ [state] has been equally successful .

What you describe is a condition called pica , and far from ‘ playing ’ while you are asleep , your Labrador needs help .
what you describe is a [state] called pica , and far from ‘ playing ’ while you are asleep , your labrador needs help .

Cattle were emaciated , under nourished and in poor condition .
cattle were emaciated , under nourished and in poor [state] .

Chopper clinic will keep units in trim condition
chopper clinic will keep units in trim [state]

The other assumption was that the performance of the sows would be the same on both systems while acknowledging the need for extra feed at 100kg a sow in order to maintain condition outdoors .
the other assumption was that the performance of the sows would be the same on both systems while acknowledging the need for extra feed at 100kg a sow in order to maintain [state] outdoors .

On-board engine condition monitoring and fault diagnosis available .
on-board engine [state] monitoring and fault diagnosis available .

Another possible cause is a condition called corky pit which results from boron deficiency in the soil .
another possible cause is a [state] called corky pit which results from boron deficiency in the soil .

As a result there would be more employment and an improvement in the condition of working-class life .
as a result there would be more employment and an improvement in the [state] of working-class life .

She particularly noted the squalid condition of many schools .
she particularly noted the squalid [state] of many schools .

The final part of Aki Kaurismaki 's ‘ working class ’ trilogy , The Match Factory Girl , is a relentlessly desolate and bleak view of the human condition .
the final part of aki kaurismaki 's ‘ working class ’ trilogy , the match factory girl , is a relentlessly desolate and bleak view of the human [state] .

With Ghost , Spielberg 's ghostly sentimental comedy Always and the mismatched buddy ghost drama Heart Condition already out , it 's obvious what this year 's model is .
with ghost , spielberg 's ghostly sentimental comedy always and the mismatched buddy ghost drama heart [state] already out , it 's obvious what this year 's model is .

This condition is usually associated with bulbs which have naturalised and , having been inadequately maintained , they gradually become less and less vigorous and do not have sufficient energy to produce flowers .
this [state] is usually associated with bulbs which have naturalised and , having been inadequately maintained , they gradually become less and less vigorous and do not have sufficient energy to produce flowers .

And Bella sank back on her pillows , exhausted by pain , by her long story and by the growing suspicion , nagging away obsessively in her head , that , once they had her in here , they would see that her condition was worsening and they would never , ever let her go home again .
and bella sank back on her pillows , exhausted by pain , by her long story and by the growing suspicion , nagging away obsessively in her head , that , once they had her in here , they would see that her [state] was worsening and they would never , ever let her go home again .

This was Herbert Spencer 's view , namely that an upward evolutionary process was inherent in the human condition .
this was herbert spencer 's view , namely that an upward evolutionary process was inherent in the human [state] .

Childhood thus became a condition to be explored and valued for its own sake , much as the French ‘ philosophes ’ had formerly thought to examine and extol ‘ natural man ’ in his savage state .
childhood thus became a [state] to be explored and valued for its own sake , much as the french ‘ philosophes ’ had formerly thought to examine and extol ‘ natural man ’ in his savage state .

Examination of the metal showed that it had always been in a clean condition with no evidence of corrosion , suggesting that it had never been buried .
examination of the metal showed that it had always been in a clean [state] with no evidence of corrosion , suggesting that it had never been buried .

the formal documentation of an object on acquisition — or ‘ accessioning ’ , monitoring object condition , recording of object movement , loan processing , storage environment , etc . )
the formal documentation of an object on acquisition — or ‘ accessioning ’ , monitoring object [state] , recording of object movement , loan processing , storage environment , etc . )

However , the true condition and nature of an object can only really be judged by physically checking it .
however , the true [state] and nature of an object can only really be judged by physically checking it .

‘ Anthropologists ' study of human societies on this planet [ has ] revealed the condition of women to be a direct result of their peoples ' perception of their mysterious , fearsome , monthly flow of blood .
‘ anthropologists ' study of human societies on this planet [ has ] revealed the [state] of women to be a direct result of their peoples ' perception of their mysterious , fearsome , monthly flow of blood .

Here he says that of all cases of hypertrophy of the external genitalia in women , physicians are most frequently consulted regarding the nymphae ( the inner labia ) and the clitoris , and that the causes of this condition , though not well understood , might be due to ‘ masturbation , excessive venery , or even the rubbing incident to a pruritis ’ .
here he says that of all cases of hypertrophy of the external genitalia in women , physicians are most frequently consulted regarding the nymphae ( the inner labia ) and the clitoris , and that the causes of this [state] , though not well understood , might be due to ‘ masturbation , excessive venery , or even the rubbing incident to a pruritis ’ .

There are very fine oak beams in the oldest part of the house and the gallery is in good condition .
there are very fine oak beams in the oldest part of the house and the gallery is in good [state] .

Rydal is more fortunate , for the gallery at Cote Howe , Pelter Bridge , has survived in good condition .
rydal is more fortunate , for the gallery at cote howe , pelter bridge , has survived in good [state] .

The gallery is frail , the roof in fair condition .
the gallery is frail , the roof in fair [state] .

This seemed to have become a permanent condition .
this seemed to have become a permanent [state] .

Distribution is the process of making the right materials available at the right time , in the right quantities and in a condition in which they can be used .
distribution is the process of making the right materials available at the right time , in the right quantities and in a [state] in which they can be used .

The most relevant aspect of his advice concerns ‘ rural tourism ’ as one inevitable relationship between government and the rural people , which introduces biases in development programmes in which the poorer are neglected because they are inescapably the most remote and difficult to reach ; and in which university education and professional training blinker and condition researchers and planners so that they see problems of poverty in terms of their own specialisation and through filters of supposedly superior knowledge and status .
the most relevant aspect of his advice concerns ‘ rural tourism ’ as one inevitable relationship between government and the rural people , which introduces biases in development programmes in which the poorer are neglected because they are inescapably the most remote and difficult to reach ; and in which university education and professional training blinker and [state] researchers and planners so that they see problems of poverty in terms of their own specialisation and through filters of supposedly superior knowledge and status .

Said its condition was shocking .
said its [state] was shocking .

Long Talking Bad Conditions Blues ( 1979 ) makes a virtue out of the condition of ‘ accelerated shatter ’ he had located in his earlier novels by attempting to link the diverse aspects of his text within a verbal flow , a ‘ stream of language ’ introduced by a twelve-page unpunctuated single sentence .
long talking bad conditions blues ( 1979 ) makes a virtue out of the [state] of ‘ accelerated shatter ’ he had located in his earlier novels by attempting to link the diverse aspects of his text within a verbal flow , a ‘ stream of language ’ introduced by a twelve-page unpunctuated single sentence .

Beckett 's characters ‘ begin and end their fictional journey at the same place , in the same condition , and without having learned , discovered , or acquired the least knowledge about themselves and the world in which they exist ’ ( Federman 1965 : 4 ) .
beckett 's characters ‘ begin and end their fictional journey at the same place , in the same [state] , and without having learned , discovered , or acquired the least knowledge about themselves and the world in which they exist ’ ( federman 1965 : 4 ) .

Nor is it by any means the case that the nouveau roman is automatically considered in France as emblematic of postmodernism : this remains a largely imported concept , more frequently raised in discussion concerning the wider cultural condition .
nor is it by any means the case that the nouveau roman is automatically considered in france as emblematic of postmodernism : this remains a largely imported concept , more frequently raised in discussion concerning the wider cultural [state] .

Tous les éléments techniques du récit-emploi systématique du passé simple et de la troisième personne , adoption sans condition du déroulement chronologique , intrigues linéaires , courbe régulière des passions , tension de chaque épisode vers une fin , etc — tout visait à imposer l'image d'un univers stable , cohérent , continu , univoque , entièrement déchiffrable .
tous les éléments techniques du récit-emploi systématique du passé simple et de la troisième personne , adoption sans [state] du déroulement chronologique , intrigues linéaires , courbe régulière des passions , tension de chaque épisode vers une fin , etc — tout visait à imposer l'image d'un univers stable , cohérent , continu , univoque , entièrement déchiffrable .

In some roofing systems , it is envisaged that the investigation will extend to examining the condition of individual layers within the roof .
in some roofing systems , it is envisaged that the investigation will extend to examining the [state] of individual layers within the roof .

The latter airlifted $ 2.2 billion worth of weaponry to prevent Israel 's defeat but on condition that it did not press home a counter-attack .
the latter airlifted $ 2.2 billion worth of weaponry to prevent israel 's defeat but on [state] that it did not press home a counter-attack .

If the danger increases , Israel may seek an easing of tension with Syria by a new agreement based upon the abandonment of the Golan Heights on condition of permanent demilitarization .
if the danger increases , israel may seek an easing of tension with syria by a new agreement based upon the abandonment of the golan heights on [state] of permanent demilitarization .

Six small unions in Gaza had been closed down by Israel in 1967 , and only allowed to re-open in 1979 , on condition they neither held fresh elections nor recruited new members .
six small unions in gaza had been closed down by israel in 1967 , and only allowed to re-open in 1979 , on [state] they neither held fresh elections nor recruited new members .

Mining and the condition of miners has been a running sore in Bolivia since the colonial period when Indians were herded off for certain death in the silver mines of Potosí , at that time the wealthiest city in South America .
mining and the [state] of miners has been a running sore in bolivia since the colonial period when indians were herded off for certain death in the silver mines of potosí , at that time the wealthiest city in south america .

However , titles taken at random from a bookshop in Lima had made it obvious to me that being a Peruvian was a more problematical condition than the simplicity of the Garcilaso/mestizo solution would allow : Peru in Crisis , Who Are We ?
however , titles taken at random from a bookshop in lima had made it obvious to me that being a peruvian was a more problematical [state] than the simplicity of the garcilaso/mestizo solution would allow : peru in crisis , who are we ?

Outside the immaculately maintained and smartly guarded naval enclaves , where minds were drilled as thoroughly as bodies in uniformity and obedience , the privilege of royal society was granted on condition that it would be denied to all outsiders .
outside the immaculately maintained and smartly guarded naval enclaves , where minds were drilled as thoroughly as bodies in uniformity and obedience , the privilege of royal society was granted on [state] that it would be denied to all outsiders .

They proceeded slowly back uphill , with Hyacinth walking taller at each step as she appreciated the glamour of her new condition .
they proceeded slowly back uphill , with hyacinth walking taller at each step as she appreciated the glamour of her new [state] .

Mada Joyce and a neighbour bent over the cooking fire arguing over the best decoction of herbs for the girl 's condition .
mada joyce and a neighbour bent over the cooking fire arguing over the best decoction of herbs for the girl 's [state] .

He rocked to and fro , feeling the basket creak and trying to get a sense of its condition .
he rocked to and fro , feeling the basket creak and trying to get a sense of its [state] .

Loneliness was his inevitable condition , and now at the mountain top the intoxication of solitude took hold of him .
loneliness was his inevitable [state] , and now at the mountain top the intoxication of solitude took hold of him .

According to the 1986 English House Condition Survey , households 75+ only make up 10 % of all households , but they occupy almost a third of dwellings lacking basic amenities and 16 % of unfit dwellings .
according to the 1986 english house [state] survey , households 75+ only make up 10 % of all households , but they occupy almost a third of dwellings lacking basic amenities and 16 % of unfit dwellings .

On the test session , subjects in one group continued with this same arrangement but for subjects in the critical experimental condition the stimuli were presented in the contexts in which they had not previously occurred .
on the test session , subjects in one group continued with this same arrangement but for subjects in the critical experimental [state] the stimuli were presented in the contexts in which they had not previously occurred .

Hall and Channell ( 1985c ) used the same general training procedures as had been employed by Hall and Minor ( 1984 ) but they reversed the order of the treatments in the critical condition ; that is , they gave exposure to the context alone before the latent inhibition training .
hall and channell ( 1985c ) used the same general training procedures as had been employed by hall and minor ( 1984 ) but they reversed the order of the treatments in the critical [state] ; that is , they gave exposure to the context alone before the latent inhibition training .

Subjects in the critical experimental condition then experienced a single conditioning trial in which the target stimulus was presented in the unaccustomed context and was followed by shock .
subjects in the critical experimental [state] then experienced a single conditioning trial in which the target stimulus was presented in the unaccustomed context and was followed by shock .

However strict the instructions about attending to the stimuli , subjects in the control condition might fail to do so .
however strict the instructions about attending to the stimuli , subjects in the control [state] might fail to do so .

In the limiting case , therefore , this control condition reduces to that in which no pre-training is given .
in the limiting case , therefore , this control [state] reduces to that in which no pre-training is given .

As the figure shows , subjects in the distinctiveness condition learned the test discrimination more readily than those in the equivalence condition .
as the figure shows , subjects in the distinctiveness [state] learned the test discrimination more readily than those in the equivalence [state] .

The study by Arnoult ( 1953 ) , mentioned in the preceding section of this chapter , included a condition in which the subjects were tested not on a discriminative motor task but on a task which required them to make a judgement about whether two stimuli presented together were the same as or different from one another .
the study by arnoult ( 1953 ) , mentioned in the preceding section of this chapter , included a [state] in which the subjects were tested not on a discriminative motor task but on a task which required them to make a judgement about whether two stimuli presented together were the same as or different from one another .

Subject in the distinctiveness condition learned separate names for each of them ( ‘ Duke ’ , ‘ Slim ’ , and so on ) ; subjects in the equivalence condition learned to call five of them ‘ cops ’ and five of them ‘ robbers ’ .
subject in the distinctiveness [state] learned separate names for each of them ( ‘ duke ’ , ‘ slim ’ , and so on ) ; subjects in the equivalence [state] learned to call five of them ‘ cops ’ and five of them ‘ robbers ’ .

Some experimenters indeed ( including Ellis and Muller ( 1964 ) themselves when they made use of the more complex 24-pointed shapes as their stimuli ) have been able to demonstrate a superiority of distinctiveness training over the observe-only control condition ( see also Kurtz and Hovland 1953 ; Ranken 1963 ; Ellis and Feuge 1966 ; Ellis and Homan 1968 ) .
some experimenters indeed ( including ellis and muller ( 1964 ) themselves when they made use of the more complex 24-pointed shapes as their stimuli ) have been able to demonstrate a superiority of distinctiveness training over the observe-only control [state] ( see also kurtz and hovland 1953 ; ranken 1963 ; ellis and feuge 1966 ; ellis and homan 1968 ) .

In one of their paradigms , subjects in the experimental condition were exposed on separate occasions to an odour and to a tactile cue ( the texture of a flooring ) .
in one of their paradigms , subjects in the experimental [state] were exposed on separate occasions to an odour and to a tactile cue ( the texture of a flooring ) .

It is difficult to devise the neutral control condition that such a demonstration would require .
it is difficult to devise the neutral control [state] that such a demonstration would require .

Given that the subjects were trained not to raise the negative flap at all , we may say that the difference between associates established to the two stimuli was greater in the case in which the more extensive motor response was required — that is , in the condition that produced superior transfer to a test discrimination involving the same stimuli .
given that the subjects were trained not to raise the negative flap at all , we may say that the difference between associates established to the two stimuli was greater in the case in which the more extensive motor response was required — that is , in the [state] that produced superior transfer to a test discrimination involving the same stimuli .

Those who knew Hebrew took significantly less time to sort the pack than those who did not in the condition that required symbols having the same name to be put together .
those who knew hebrew took significantly less time to sort the pack than those who did not in the [state] that required symbols having the same name to be put together .

The second is concern for the social condition of the country .
the second is concern for the social [state] of the country .

If so , why try to highlight the condition and pretend it is something new ?
if so , why try to highlight the [state] and pretend it is something new ?

The house sank into a gently decayed condition when a local architect bought it four years ago .
the house sank into a gently decayed [state] when a local architect bought it four years ago .

Since then it has been brilliantly restored to as close to its original condition as can be .
since then it has been brilliantly restored to as close to its original [state] as can be .

You can pick up a Paris-built Light 15 in reasonable condition for about £5,000 .
you can pick up a paris-built light 15 in reasonable [state] for about £5,000 .

All the Pain that Money Can Buy : the Life of Christina Onassis by William Wright ( Gollancz , £5.99 ) — The author 's explanation of why people devour books about the rich is appropriately cynical : ‘ We examine their bounteous lives on the modest condition that they suffer and come to a bad end .
all the pain that money can buy : the life of christina onassis by william wright ( gollancz , £5.99 ) — the author 's explanation of why people devour books about the rich is appropriately cynical : ‘ we examine their bounteous lives on the modest [state] that they suffer and come to a bad end .

Mr Moores said although he knew Mr Souness was ill , he did not know the extent of his condition until after the game .
mr moores said although he knew mr souness was ill , he did not know the extent of his [state] until after the game .

Unless a freak freeze is experienced , an unusually warm late winter-early springtime will have Augusta National in lush heavily-grassed condition .
unless a freak freeze is experienced , an unusually warm late winter-early springtime will have augusta national in lush heavily-grassed [state] .

‘ The men involved in the rescue were in the most danger and were in the worst condition , because of heat and fatigue , when it was all over .
‘ the men involved in the rescue were in the most danger and were in the worst [state] , because of heat and fatigue , when it was all over .

But it may say something also about the condition of the musical theatre that this subject has caught the attention of two composers .
but it may say something also about the [state] of the musical theatre that this subject has caught the attention of two composers .

The end result is an immature beer that has not been allowed to breathe and condition in the cask and which tastes flat and gassy in the glass .
the end result is an immature beer that has not been allowed to breathe and [state] in the cask and which tastes flat and gassy in the glass .

Enterprise 's managing director Ted Tuppen defended the supply deal , saying that it had not been a condition of the sale that Enterprise take its beers from Bass .
enterprise 's managing director ted tuppen defended the supply deal , saying that it had not been a [state] of the sale that enterprise take its beers from bass .

It is advisable to apply three coats of oil to new wood , and as oiling does not leave a thick protective film on the surface ( as does a varnish ) , exterior wood has to be re-oiled at least once a year to keep the surface in good condition .
it is advisable to apply three coats of oil to new wood , and as oiling does not leave a thick protective film on the surface ( as does a varnish ) , exterior wood has to be re-oiled at least once a year to keep the surface in good [state] .

This will ensure the paintwork stays in good condition , and it will make the roof watertight .
this will ensure the paintwork stays in good [state] , and it will make the roof watertight .

To condition hardboards , leave them in the room where they are to be fixed for a minimum of three days .
to [state] hardboards , leave them in the room where they are to be fixed for a minimum of three days .

Set against these points is the maintenance problem ; softwood doors need regular decoration to keep rot at bay , and even hardwoods require regular treatment with preservative and stain to keep them in good condition .
set against these points is the maintenance problem ; softwood doors need regular decoration to keep rot at bay , and even hardwoods require regular treatment with preservative and stain to keep them in good [state] .

1986 saw the locomotive 's return to steam in original streamlined condition .
1986 saw the locomotive 's return to steam in original streamlined [state] .

being at a loose end is not the condition of us spiritual and working animals , it is not being a man among men .
being at a loose end is not the [state] of us spiritual and working animals , it is not being a man among men .

And not so Svidrigailov and Raskolnikov , both hyperconscious men , and both ( as we shall see ) linked by their condition to the city which Peter the Great pondered over and then ordered to be built .
and not so svidrigailov and raskolnikov , both hyperconscious men , and both ( as we shall see ) linked by their [state] to the city which peter the great pondered over and then ordered to be built .

There can be no Christian blueprint for the ‘ final ’ form of society , since it is part of its perception of the human condition that all forms of society are provisional , reflecting human sinfulness , though not always to an equal degree .
there can be no christian blueprint for the ‘ final ’ form of society , since it is part of its perception of the human [state] that all forms of society are provisional , reflecting human sinfulness , though not always to an equal degree .

The 1986 English House Condition Survey found that 62 % of dwellings lacking one or more basic facilities were occupied by people aged 60 and over .
the 1986 english house [state] survey found that 62 % of dwellings lacking one or more basic facilities were occupied by people aged 60 and over .

When she was dumped she was in terrible condition , coping with seven young pups .
when she was dumped she was in terrible [state] , coping with seven young pups .

Many humans are diabetics ( this writer included ! ) but did you know one in 200 dogs also live with this condition ?
many humans are diabetics ( this writer included ! ) but did you know one in 200 dogs also live with this [state] ?

It is known , rather alarmingly , as a chronic condition .
it is known , rather alarmingly , as a chronic [state] .

Good control of the condition is vital and this is achieved through a combination of insulin injections , diet regulation , control of exercise and careful monitoring of the condition — in other words , a regular routine .
good control of the [state] is vital and this is achieved through a combination of insulin injections , diet regulation , control of exercise and careful monitoring of the [state] — in other words , a regular routine .

The condition can be confirmed by taking blood tests and is treatable with antibiotics .
the [state] can be confirmed by taking blood tests and is treatable with antibiotics .

The veteran classes are our equivalent of the glamourous granny or grandpa competitions ! Dogs must be seven years old or over and we 'll be looking for good health and condition as well as stunning good looks .
the veteran classes are our equivalent of the glamourous granny or grandpa competitions ! dogs must be seven years old or over and we 'll be looking for good health and [state] as well as stunning good looks .

There is no guarantee it will work on any specific case — the first treatment often causes the condition to briefly worsen .
there is no guarantee it will work on any specific case — the first treatment often causes the [state] to briefly worsen .

for he applauded Wyndham Lewis 's alter ego in Tarr , when the latter explained that it is a condition of art ‘ to have no inside , nothing you can not see .
for he applauded wyndham lewis 's alter ego in tarr , when the latter explained that it is a [state] of art ‘ to have no inside , nothing you can not see .

It is not something impelled like a machine by a little egoistic inside ’ ; and again , ‘ deadness , in the limited sense in which we use that word , is the first condition of art .
it is not something impelled like a machine by a little egoistic inside ’ ; and again , ‘ deadness , in the limited sense in which we use that word , is the first [state] of art .

Some shells are more living than others ; some — Alessandro , Henry James — carry off their condition of living death with a dignity that compels admiration .
some shells are more living than others ; some — alessandro , henry james — carry off their [state] of living death with a dignity that compels admiration .

What he denies is not just veteris vestigia flammae but what Racine makes his Phèdre say , in appalled awareness of her own condition : C'est Vénus tout entière à sa proie attachée .
what he denies is not just veteris vestigia flammae but what racine makes his phèdre say , in appalled awareness of her own [state] : c'est vénus tout entière à sa proie attachée .

However , Pound 's diagnosis of Williams 's condition was surely perceptive : Williams could abide American reality ( where Pound and Eliot had to flee from it ) because , as in the admirable ‘ To Elsie ’ ( ’ The pure products of America / go crazy ' ) , he remained the immigrant , the outsider looking in on the behaviour of the nation that he had been , by the sheerest accident , born to .
however , pound 's diagnosis of williams 's [state] was surely perceptive : williams could abide american reality ( where pound and eliot had to flee from it ) because , as in the admirable ‘ to elsie ’ ( ’ the pure products of america / go crazy ' ) , he remained the immigrant , the outsider looking in on the behaviour of the nation that he had been , by the sheerest accident , born to .

Trigger condition should be configured from multiple logic conditions .
trigger [state] should be configured from multiple logic conditions .

In the final condition , the mother was hidden behind a metal screen so that she could neither see nor be seen by the pair in the observation room .
in the final [state] , the mother was hidden behind a metal screen so that she could neither see nor be seen by the pair in the observation room .

Cambridge English represented the former : Richards and Leavis wanted an evaluative criticism , because they did not believe that literature was simply a matter of disinterested individual response ; it was an index to the condition of civilization , which made judgements imperative .
cambridge english represented the former : richards and leavis wanted an evaluative criticism , because they did not believe that literature was simply a matter of disinterested individual response ; it was an index to the [state] of civilization , which made judgements imperative .

How could they be tied to Hong Kong as a condition of receipt ?
how could they be tied to hong kong as a [state] of receipt ?

The Governor had been due to fly to London on 5 June to testify to the Commons foreign affairs committee on the condition of the colony following the Joint Declaration .
the governor had been due to fly to london on 5 june to testify to the commons foreign affairs committee on the [state] of the colony following the joint declaration .

In Dortmund a 56-year-old man , apparently an even more extreme right-winger , was in a critical condition after being kicked and pelted with bottles by left-wingers .
in dortmund a 56-year-old man , apparently an even more extreme right-winger , was in a critical [state] after being kicked and pelted with bottles by left-wingers .

Dr Williams said : ‘ The operation was very difficult because of the poor condition of the patient .
dr williams said : ‘ the operation was very difficult because of the poor [state] of the patient .

Simon Griffiths , a hospital spokesman , said last night : ‘ Mrs Barnett 's general condition has improved over the last few hours and her liver is functioning well .
simon griffiths , a hospital spokesman , said last night : ‘ mrs barnett 's general [state] has improved over the last few hours and her liver is functioning well .

An official of the American Civil Liberties Union has protested : ‘ Firing people who come to work sober because of their condition on Saturday night is of debatable value .
an official of the american civil liberties union has protested : ‘ firing people who come to work sober because of their [state] on saturday night is of debatable value .

Job-related performance testing , such as use of flight simulators to check the condition of pilots , has been suggested as a preferable substitute for the drug hunt .
job-related performance testing , such as use of flight simulators to check the [state] of pilots , has been suggested as a preferable substitute for the drug hunt .

The government has set demobilisation of the guerrillas as a condition for reforms .
the government has set demobilisation of the guerrillas as a [state] for reforms .

’ The poster featured a milkman , implying that the calcium in milk could help overcome osteoporosis , a brittle-bone condition which afflicts some women after menopause .
’ the poster featured a milkman , implying that the calcium in milk could help overcome osteoporosis , a brittle-bone [state] which afflicts some women after menopause .

Her owner , an anonymous Suffolk man , left the cash in his will to the National Society for Epilepsy on condition it gave Sooty a home .
her owner , an anonymous suffolk man , left the cash in his will to the national society for epilepsy on [state] it gave sooty a home .

Clare Leighton , of Cannock , Staffordshire , developed massive internal bleeding and died in hospital 36 hours after being admitted in a delirious condition .
clare leighton , of cannock , staffordshire , developed massive internal bleeding and died in hospital 36 hours after being admitted in a delirious [state] .

Mr Dienstbier said the new Prime Minister , Mr Marian Calfa , did not yet appear to be a ‘ strong and flexible politician ’ , and indicated he would be acceptable in the post only on condition that President Gustav Husak step down , to be replaced by a non-Communist head of state .
mr dienstbier said the new prime minister , mr marian calfa , did not yet appear to be a ‘ strong and flexible politician ’ , and indicated he would be acceptable in the post only on [state] that president gustav husak step down , to be replaced by a non-communist head of state .

She added that the faun 's condition was good although ‘ it has been outside for 35 years and is a bit green . ’
she added that the faun 's [state] was good although ‘ it has been outside for 35 years and is a bit green . ’

The later brick-built portion , to the front of the mill , is in better condition .
the later brick-built portion , to the front of the mill , is in better [state] .

The converted mill is now in excellent condition and still boasts a number of reminders of its former use as a bakery as well as a mill .
the converted mill is now in excellent [state] and still boasts a number of reminders of its former use as a bakery as well as a mill .

The buildings were not in the best of condition .
the buildings were not in the best of [state] .

The mill was built from a combination of sandstone and brick and is still in good condition .
the mill was built from a combination of sandstone and brick and is still in good [state] .

Both house and mill were recently offered for sale and , although not in the best of condition , their potential was obvious .
both house and mill were recently offered for sale and , although not in the best of [state] , their potential was obvious .

There are now little traces of machinery , the wooden section is in a somewhat dilapidated condition , while the outflow arch , sluice remains and the bypass channel can still be seen .
there are now little traces of machinery , the wooden section is in a somewhat dilapidated [state] , while the outflow arch , sluice remains and the bypass channel can still be seen .

Today , the mill is in reasonable condition and , although most of the milling machinery has long been removed , there are a number of overhead drive shafts and wheels still in position as well as the six grain bins which occupy the upper floor .
today , the mill is in reasonable [state] and , although most of the milling machinery has long been removed , there are a number of overhead drive shafts and wheels still in position as well as the six grain bins which occupy the upper floor .

Structurally at least the mill is in fairly good condition , although sadly , it is now devoid of its doors , windows and all of its ancillary equipment .
structurally at least the mill is in fairly good [state] , although sadly , it is now devoid of its doors , windows and all of its ancillary equipment .

The mill originally ran three pairs of stones , of which a pair of French burr stones ( still in fairly good condition ) as well as the bed stones of the other two pairs still survive .
the mill originally ran three pairs of stones , of which a pair of french burr stones ( still in fairly good [state] ) as well as the bed stones of the other two pairs still survive .

Northway is a typical example ( if there is such a thing ) of the little rural mills of this region , though unlike many others it is in remarkably good condition .
northway is a typical example ( if there is such a thing ) of the little rural mills of this region , though unlike many others it is in remarkably good [state] .

The mill , which consists of a single long block , is joined to a gabled mill house , both of which are in good condition .
the mill , which consists of a single long block , is joined to a gabled mill house , both of which are in good [state] .

Not only is it in remarkably good condition , it is also totally complete , even down to sacktrucks and shovels !
not only is it in remarkably good [state] , it is also totally complete , even down to sacktrucks and shovels !

The mill and brewery buildings date largely from the 18th and 19th centuries and are all in excellent condition .
the mill and brewery buildings date largely from the 18th and 19th centuries and are all in excellent [state] .

By this time the structure was in a rundown condition .
by this time the structure was in a rundown [state] .

Chivalrous to a fault , the story of his taking only £100 of the £400 he knew to be aboard a stagecoach at Bagshot , on the condition that an attractive lady passenger would dance with him , is authentic .
chivalrous to a fault , the story of his taking only £100 of the £400 he knew to be aboard a stagecoach at bagshot , on the [state] that an attractive lady passenger would dance with him , is authentic .

He quickly recognised the severity of Alfred Oliver 's wounds and his deteriorating condition .
he quickly recognised the severity of alfred oliver 's wounds and his deteriorating [state] .

The condition of his sister still playing on his mind , young Jefferies had fled , saying nothing to anyone until he had read of the seriousness of the crime .
the [state] of his sister still playing on his mind , young jefferies had fled , saying nothing to anyone until he had read of the seriousness of the crime .

Joyce went into a lengthy explanation dealing with how Mr Oliver was admitted on the Saturday evening , and the condition he was in .
joyce went into a lengthy explanation dealing with how mr oliver was admitted on the saturday evening , and the [state] he was in .

In answer to a question from the prosecution , Day replied that William Tidbury seemed very much on edge and in a nervous condition , which was unusual for him .
in answer to a question from the prosecution , day replied that william tidbury seemed very much on edge and in a nervous [state] , which was unusual for him .

She was taken home , where her condition worsened .
she was taken home , where her [state] worsened .

Jane Cox was 21 , attractive , single and hardworking in so far as her condition allowed .
jane cox was 21 , attractive , single and hardworking in so far as her [state] allowed .

The Milanese turned to reconstruction with a will , deciding that everything that could be returned to an ‘ as before ’ condition should be .
the milanese turned to reconstruction with a will , deciding that everything that could be returned to an ‘ as before ’ [state] should be .

The story is told that on 25 March 1242 a ‘ man of vile condition called Massaccio ’ was walking in Via Falcone having , it is said , just lost all of his latest ill-gotten gains — ‘ vile condition ’ is a euphemism for criminal — at a local gaming house .
the story is told that on 25 march 1242 a ‘ man of vile [state] called massaccio ’ was walking in via falcone having , it is said , just lost all of his latest ill-gotten gains — ‘ vile [state] ’ is a euphemism for criminal — at a local gaming house .

Humus is decayed animal and vegetable matter , which is vital to the physical condition of the soil , forming a vigorous , breathing , organic environment for the well-being of plants .
humus is decayed animal and vegetable matter , which is vital to the physical [state] of the soil , forming a vigorous , breathing , organic environment for the well-being of plants .

Such measures will ensure that the child is carried successfully and born in a healthy condition .
such measures will ensure that the child is carried successfully and born in a healthy [state] .

In a survey of medical genetics published in November , 1982 in Midwife Health Visitor & Community News , is an account of a couple who both suffered from ‘ achondroplasia ’ , a condition which causes severe short-limbed dwarfism .
in a survey of medical genetics published in november , 1982 in midwife health visitor & community news , is an account of a couple who both suffered from ‘ achondroplasia ’ , a [state] which causes severe short-limbed dwarfism .

Before you complete your treatment , give a few doses of the centesimal to test if there is any remnant of the disease condition .
before you complete your treatment , give a few doses of the centesimal to test if there is any remnant of the disease [state] .

The patient may indeed be made sick in another way by receiving other such unchanged doses , even sicker than he was , for now only those symptoms of the given remedy remain active which were not homœopathic to the original disease , hence no step towards cure can follow , only a true aggravation of the condition of the patient .
the patient may indeed be made sick in another way by receiving other such unchanged doses , even sicker than he was , for now only those symptoms of the given remedy remain active which were not homœopathic to the original disease , hence no step towards cure can follow , only a true aggravation of the [state] of the patient .

Frequency of repetition will depend on whether the condition is acute or chronic and the vitality of the patient .
frequency of repetition will depend on whether the [state] is acute or chronic and the vitality of the patient .

a requirement or condition which he applies or would apply equally to a man but — ( i ) which is such that the proportion of women who can comply with it is considerably smaller thin the proportion of men who can comply with it , and ( ii ) which he can not show to be justifiable irrespective of the sex of the person to whom it is applied , and ( iii ) which is to her detriment because she can not comply with it .
a requirement or [state] which he applies or would apply equally to a man but — ( i ) which is such that the proportion of women who can comply with it is considerably smaller thin the proportion of men who can comply with it , and ( ii ) which he can not show to be justifiable irrespective of the sex of the person to whom it is applied , and ( iii ) which is to her detriment because she can not comply with it .

Information concerning or identifying another pupil should not be disclosed , and information , the disclosure of which might cause serious harm to the mental or physical health or emotional condition of the pupil or anyone else , or which indicates that the pupil has or may be likely to suffer child abuse , should not be disclosed .
information concerning or identifying another pupil should not be disclosed , and information , the disclosure of which might cause serious harm to the mental or physical health or emotional [state] of the pupil or anyone else , or which indicates that the pupil has or may be likely to suffer child abuse , should not be disclosed .

The importance of good behaviour amongst pupils has been stated thus : ‘ Good behaviour is a necessary condition for effective teaching and learning to take place , and an important outcome of education which society rightly expects .
the importance of good behaviour amongst pupils has been stated thus : ‘ good behaviour is a necessary [state] for effective teaching and learning to take place , and an important outcome of education which society rightly expects .

Ann Messenger describes the condition of women writers in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries in very different terms :
ann messenger describes the [state] of women writers in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries in very different terms :

Leapor and Pope see the general condition of women as a series of contradictions .
leapor and pope see the general [state] of women as a series of contradictions .

How hard is the Condition of our Sex ,
how hard is the [state] of our sex ,

’ Ehrenpreis narrows his discussion to the condition of poverty in which people are dependent for subsistence on the voluntary support of strangers , and he excludes from his definition yeomen , artisans , and small merchants .
’ ehrenpreis narrows his discussion to the [state] of poverty in which people are dependent for subsistence on the voluntary support of strangers , and he excludes from his definition yeomen , artisans , and small merchants .

Still , in this poem she is examining a condition into which she would enter by seeking patrons for her verse .
still , in this poem she is examining a [state] into which she would enter by seeking patrons for her verse .

Its condition , therefore , left much to be desired , though according to contemporaries , the state of the Elysée was hardly better :
its [state] , therefore , left much to be desired , though according to contemporaries , the state of the elysée was hardly better :

It was quite a sight to see the poor ladies who accompanied her , some of them quite stout , being pushed from behind or dragged from the front over these obstacles while the Empress laughed like a child to see their stricken faces and the piteous condition of their coiffures .
it was quite a sight to see the poor ladies who accompanied her , some of them quite stout , being pushed from behind or dragged from the front over these obstacles while the empress laughed like a child to see their stricken faces and the piteous [state] of their coiffures .

‘ It is called a gumma , and is characteristic of a particular medical condition .
‘ it is called a gumma , and is characteristic of a particular medical [state] .

My personal view is that they will run on lead free if the valve gear and engine are in perfect condition before using unleaded petrol .
my personal view is that they will run on lead free if the valve gear and engine are in perfect [state] before using unleaded petrol .

1 ) The 4 023 can be direct or indirect injection depending on the original engine application 2 ) You connect the brake servo to the exhauster pump fitted to the front of the engine 3 ) Your radiator , if in good condition , is perfect for the diesel 4 ) The brakes and suspension as fitted to the 2.6 are fine 5 ) One fuel filter and water trap are sufficient on the fuel system unless operating the vehicle in a very dirty environment where two would be required
1 ) the 4 023 can be direct or indirect injection depending on the original engine application 2 ) you connect the brake servo to the exhauster pump fitted to the front of the engine 3 ) your radiator , if in good [state] , is perfect for the diesel 4 ) the brakes and suspension as fitted to the 2.6 are fine 5 ) one fuel filter and water trap are sufficient on the fuel system unless operating the vehicle in a very dirty environment where two would be required

The museum had taken over the northern end of the building but the main hall of what had been Damiani 's factory , with its vaulted roof and tunnels , was in semi-derelict condition , leased on occasion to a firm of Iranian-born Jews who dealt in Persian art .
the museum had taken over the northern end of the building but the main hall of what had been damiani 's factory , with its vaulted roof and tunnels , was in semi-derelict [state] , leased on occasion to a firm of iranian-born jews who dealt in persian art .

The house which Kanaan Abu Khadra fled in April 1948 had lain in semi-derelict condition for years , its windows partly boarded up .
the house which kanaan abu khadra fled in april 1948 had lain in semi-derelict [state] for years , its windows partly boarded up .

In their own time they were often called ‘ Condition of England Novels ’ , because they addressed themselves directly to the state of the nation .
in their own time they were often called ‘ [state] of england novels ’ , because they addressed themselves directly to the state of the nation .

The man who accepts authority is thus said to surrender his private or individual judgment because he does not insist that reasons be given that he can grasp and that satisfy him , as a condition of his obedience .
the man who accepts authority is thus said to surrender his private or individual judgment because he does not insist that reasons be given that he can grasp and that satisfy him , as a [state] of his obedience .

This condition is open to two interpretations .
this [state] is open to two interpretations .

They may be sufficient to account for the feeling that as a matter of meaning , recognition is a condition of possession of legitimate authority .
they may be sufficient to account for the feeling that as a matter of meaning , recognition is a [state] of possession of legitimate authority .

One crucial condition which , in the case of political authorities governing sizeable societies , is necessary to establish their legitimacy , does not obtain .
one crucial [state] which , in the case of political authorities governing sizeable societies , is necessary to establish their legitimacy , does not obtain .

While effective power may be a necessary condition of political legitimacy it is not a sufficient condition .
while effective power may be a necessary [state] of political legitimacy it is not a sufficient [state] .

The consent is a constitutive element both of the condition of the person who gives it and of the society resulting from it , which is good in itself .
the consent is a constitutive element both of the [state] of the person who gives it and of the society resulting from it , which is good in itself .

The third condition characterizes consent as a ( purportedly ) public action .
the third [state] characterizes consent as a ( purportedly ) public action .

There are , therefore , three kinds of consent that do not impose obligations on the agent : first , where his personal situation is not affected by the consent ; second , where his personal situation is favourably affected , for the consent is a condition of his possession of a right or of some other benefit ; third , where his personal situation is adversely affected , but by waiving a right rather than by undertaking an obligation .
there are , therefore , three kinds of consent that do not impose obligations on the agent : first , where his personal situation is not affected by the consent ; second , where his personal situation is favourably affected , for the consent is a [state] of his possession of a right or of some other benefit ; third , where his personal situation is adversely affected , but by waiving a right rather than by undertaking an obligation .

Of course consent to obey the law is not a necessary condition of such an attitude .
of course consent to obey the law is not a necessary [state] of such an attitude .

Since one has reason to express such an attitude in this way doing so enables one to conform to reasons which apply to one , which is the condition laid down by the normal justification thesis .
since one has reason to express such an attitude in this way doing so enables one to conform to reasons which apply to one , which is the [state] laid down by the normal justification thesis .

This condition is met wherever there is value in people being able to express themselves in the way they choose , at least where acceptable alternatives present themselves .
this [state] is met wherever there is value in people being able to express themselves in the way they choose , at least where acceptable alternatives present themselves .

It is of the utmost importance that the Rawlsian method of argument requiring unanimity behind the veil of ignorance should not be defended on the ground that otherwise the resulting principles would not be fair because unanimity is a condition of fairness , or by any other moral argument .
it is of the utmost importance that the rawlsian method of argument requiring unanimity behind the veil of ignorance should not be defended on the ground that otherwise the resulting principles would not be fair because unanimity is a [state] of fairness , or by any other moral argument .

The great agricultural countries between the Baltic and the Black Sea can free themselves from patriarchal-feudal barbarism only through an agrarian revolution which will transform the peasants from their condition of serfdom or of subjection to the corvée into the free owners of the land — a revolution which will be exactly the same as the French revolution of 1789 in the countryside .
the great agricultural countries between the baltic and the black sea can free themselves from patriarchal-feudal barbarism only through an agrarian revolution which will transform the peasants from their [state] of serfdom or of subjection to the corvée into the free owners of the land — a revolution which will be exactly the same as the french revolution of 1789 in the countryside .

Soon after the canoe was dug up , a small copper kettle was discovered , and in 1728 a copper tea-pot stroup was found , still in excellent condition .
soon after the canoe was dug up , a small copper kettle was discovered , and in 1728 a copper tea-pot stroup was found , still in excellent [state] .

Our vet says we will know if the melanomas spread internally as the mane will lose condition very quickly and in the meantime keep on using her as if nothing is wrong .
our vet says we will know if the melanomas spread internally as the mane will lose [state] very quickly and in the meantime keep on using her as if nothing is wrong .

In two and a half years she has won over 40 trophies and hundreds of rosettes so do n't despair , Kathy , keep an eye on the condition and just enjoy your horse .
in two and a half years she has won over 40 trophies and hundreds of rosettes so do n't despair , kathy , keep an eye on the [state] and just enjoy your horse .

Many people believe that the condition of a horse 's coat depends on what you feed rather than how you groom , but whatever your views there is no doubt that as long as his feet are picked out and the parts where the tack touches are clean he will come to no harm .
many people believe that the [state] of a horse 's coat depends on what you feed rather than how you groom , but whatever your views there is no doubt that as long as his feet are picked out and the parts where the tack touches are clean he will come to no harm .

Another possible condition which can occur is purpura haemorrhagica .
another possible [state] which can occur is purpura haemorrhagica .

It seemed to me that all surfers aspired to the condition of divinity .
it seemed to me that all surfers aspired to the [state] of divinity .

The hexagram represents a beam that is thick and heavy in the middle but too weak at the ends . This is a condition that can not last ; it must be changed , must pass , or misfortune will result …
the hexagram represents a beam that is thick and heavy in the middle but too weak at the ends . this is a [state] that can not last ; it must be changed , must pass , or misfortune will result …

Past the end of the lake a limestone grotto is reached , affording shelter but not now maintained in pristine condition .
past the end of the lake a limestone grotto is reached , affording shelter but not now maintained in pristine [state] .

The suspect , or the solicitor dealing with the case on his or her behalf ( subject to availability ) , may make representations to the review officer about the continuing detention — but the officer may refuse to hear these if he or she decides that the suspect is ‘ unfit … by reason of his condition or behaviour ’ .
the suspect , or the solicitor dealing with the case on his or her behalf ( subject to availability ) , may make representations to the review officer about the continuing detention — but the officer may refuse to hear these if he or she decides that the suspect is ‘ unfit … by reason of his [state] or behaviour ’ .

One woman from Ollerton was imprisoned in Risley Remand Centre after joining a picket line in breach of a bail condition prohibiting her from doing so .
one woman from ollerton was imprisoned in risley remand centre after joining a picket line in breach of a bail [state] prohibiting her from doing so .

’ Cosmetic surgery was rare in those days , but John had needed an operation on his nose because he suffered from a condition ( apparently a deviated septum ) which hampered his breathing .
’ cosmetic surgery was rare in those days , but john had needed an operation on his nose because he suffered from a [state] ( apparently a deviated septum ) which hampered his breathing .

It should be a condition , for anyone thinking about development to resist trying to infer how a structure develops by only looking at the final result .
it should be a [state] , for anyone thinking about development to resist trying to infer how a structure develops by only looking at the final result .

Vermuyden had been occupied with rebuilding the Thames flood defences at Dagenham , which , according to an inquiry of 1623 , he left ‘ in a worse condition than it was before ’ .
vermuyden had been occupied with rebuilding the thames flood defences at dagenham , which , according to an inquiry of 1623 , he left ‘ in a worse [state] than it was before ’ .

It was vital , though , to include Donald in the diagnosis of Elinor 's condition .
it was vital , though , to include donald in the diagnosis of elinor 's [state] .

In all cases , the general practitioner continues to monitor the patient 's condition , prescribing any necessary drugs , such as those needed to control high blood pressure .
in all cases , the general practitioner continues to monitor the patient 's [state] , prescribing any necessary drugs , such as those needed to control high blood pressure .

As his condition improves , he gradually starts to wash while sitting , and later learns to get in and out of the bath .
as his [state] improves , he gradually starts to wash while sitting , and later learns to get in and out of the bath .

The occupational therapist 's main role is to assess the patient 's physical needs , and provide appropriate equipment to make daily life easier for both patient and carer , so that they do not expend unnecessary energy on functional tasks which would make the patient 's condition worse , and possibly harm the carer too .
the occupational therapist 's main role is to assess the patient 's physical needs , and provide appropriate equipment to make daily life easier for both patient and carer , so that they do not expend unnecessary energy on functional tasks which would make the patient 's [state] worse , and possibly harm the carer too .

Both of you may also be keen for him to do ‘ exercises , to improve his physical condition .
both of you may also be keen for him to do ‘ exercises , to improve his physical [state] .

The patient 's condition might change only slowly , as he can go on recovering over several years .
the patient 's [state] might change only slowly , as he can go on recovering over several years .

You may find that people offer you conflicting advice and opinions about your duties and the patient 's condition .
you may find that people offer you conflicting advice and opinions about your duties and the patient 's [state] .

In the normal way , there should be some change for the better in the patient 's condition , so if weeks pass and the patient seems static , you need to know why .
in the normal way , there should be some change for the better in the patient 's [state] , so if weeks pass and the patient seems static , you need to know why .

They were not encouraged to hope : it was likely that Dawn would die , but if she survived , the doctors could not be optimistic about her future condition .
they were not encouraged to hope : it was likely that dawn would die , but if she survived , the doctors could not be optimistic about her future [state] .

Fortunately , however , they knew enough about Dawn 's condition to question the neurosurgeon closely when he described how Dawn would be fully conscious throughout the operation so that he could identify the damaged brain cells which were causing the spasticity , in order to destroy them .
fortunately , however , they knew enough about dawn 's [state] to question the neurosurgeon closely when he described how dawn would be fully conscious throughout the operation so that he could identify the damaged brain cells which were causing the spasticity , in order to destroy them .

Afterwards , she felt very much let down by the family 's decision , saying she would have preferred to die rather than live in such a disabled condition .
afterwards , she felt very much let down by the family 's decision , saying she would have preferred to die rather than live in such a disabled [state] .

After several months , Rose was still unable to do much for herself , and her physical condition was in fact worse .
after several months , rose was still unable to do much for herself , and her physical [state] was in fact worse .

Rose 's dependence led to a quick decline in her physical condition .
rose 's dependence led to a quick decline in her physical [state] .

All of these qualities , when duly accounted for , amounted to a virtual condition of stalemate between the opposing forces .
all of these qualities , when duly accounted for , amounted to a virtual [state] of stalemate between the opposing forces .

Within a month , Valencia was virtually an island in the middle of El Cid 's forces ; by July they were ready to sue for peace , which Rodrigo granted , on condition that all Almoravid soldiers left immediately .
within a month , valencia was virtually an island in the middle of el cid 's forces ; by july they were ready to sue for peace , which rodrigo granted , on [state] that all almoravid soldiers left immediately .

‘ Naturally , ’ replied her friend coolly , ‘ a man trap works on that principle , and ours was in excellent condition .
‘ naturally , ’ replied her friend coolly , ‘ a man trap works on that principle , and ours was in excellent [state] .

It is possible that a ‘ fire storm ’ condition developed in the town , similar to that which occurred in several German cities during the last war , when saturation bombing raids started so many fires that the city became effectively one big fire , sucking into itself hurricane force winds to bring fresh oxygen to the heart of the inferno .
it is possible that a ‘ fire storm ’ [state] developed in the town , similar to that which occurred in several german cities during the last war , when saturation bombing raids started so many fires that the city became effectively one big fire , sucking into itself hurricane force winds to bring fresh oxygen to the heart of the inferno .

In the case of the 1971 Etna eruption , the magma involved was the same basaltic one throughout , yet its behaviour was quite different in its de-gassed condition in the second phase from its original state in the first , when the eruption was mildly explosive .
in the case of the 1971 etna eruption , the magma involved was the same basaltic one throughout , yet its behaviour was quite different in its de-gassed [state] in the second phase from its original state in the first , when the eruption was mildly explosive .

This not only kept the suit in good condition and therefore prolonged its life but also provided him with a smart outfit always ready at short notice , as now .
this not only kept the suit in good [state] and therefore prolonged its life but also provided him with a smart outfit always ready at short notice , as now .

It was clear that he was in no condition to get himself home unaided .
it was clear that he was in no [state] to get himself home unaided .

The Mayor of Casterbridge ( 1886 ) and the The Woodlanders ( 1887 ) marked first his literary return to Wessex and then his growing conviction that fiction should not conceal what he saw as the essential tragedy of the human condition .
the mayor of casterbridge ( 1886 ) and the the woodlanders ( 1887 ) marked first his literary return to wessex and then his growing conviction that fiction should not conceal what he saw as the essential tragedy of the human [state] .

Although Hardy came to declare that no book of his had ever contained less of himself , it is difficult not to see in Jude a symbolic statement of all that he had found most disappointing in his life and in the human condition in general .
although hardy came to declare that no book of his had ever contained less of himself , it is difficult not to see in jude a symbolic statement of all that he had found most disappointing in his life and in the human [state] in general .

Though transsexuals are a rare phenomenon , much attention has been focused on them , not only because of the difficulties encountered in treating them , but also because of the insight a study of their condition may offer into the wider problems of sex determination and gender identity .
though transsexuals are a rare phenomenon , much attention has been focused on them , not only because of the difficulties encountered in treating them , but also because of the insight a study of their [state] may offer into the wider problems of sex determination and gender identity .

First of all , the problem exists of determining whether in fact the ‘ condition ’ of transsexualism exists .
first of all , the problem exists of determining whether in fact the ‘ [state] ’ of transsexualism exists .

Therefore , in the unlikely event that a ceremony of marriage is performed between an unoperated transsexual and someone who is unaware of the partner 's condition , the remedy of a petition for nullity must suffice , grounded on the fact that the marriage is voidable because of the fraud of the other and the consequent lack of valid consent of the innocent party .
therefore , in the unlikely event that a ceremony of marriage is performed between an unoperated transsexual and someone who is unaware of the partner 's [state] , the remedy of a petition for nullity must suffice , grounded on the fact that the marriage is voidable because of the fraud of the other and the consequent lack of valid consent of the innocent party .

Rees thereupon complained to the European Commission of Human Rights that , by refusing to alter the recorded sex on his birth certificate , the United Kingdom , through its law , is depriving him of the legal status corresponding to his actual condition , to which he is rightfully entitled by Article 8 .
rees thereupon complained to the european commission of human rights that , by refusing to alter the recorded sex on his birth certificate , the united kingdom , through its law , is depriving him of the legal status corresponding to his actual [state] , to which he is rightfully entitled by article 8 .

Given that macro-decisions inherently and inevitably condition micro-decisions , the principal focus of attention must be on the political decision-maker .
given that macro-decisions inherently and inevitably [state] micro-decisions , the principal focus of attention must be on the political decision-maker .

Despite his crippling disease , he had still managed to practise psychiatry with some success ; but finally , the progressive nature of his condition meant that he needed treatment in an intensive care unit with 24-hour-a-day supervision , breathing only with the aid of a respirator .
despite his crippling disease , he had still managed to practise psychiatry with some success ; but finally , the progressive nature of his [state] meant that he needed treatment in an intensive care unit with 24-hour-a-day supervision , breathing only with the aid of a respirator .

This is because in England there is no statute or code setting out the law governing the continuing care of the terminally ill ; nor are there more than a handful of cases that have been decided by the courts.l None the less , legal principles undoubtedly do exist and obviously condition the choices made by doctors .
this is because in england there is no statute or code setting out the law governing the continuing care of the terminally ill ; nor are there more than a handful of cases that have been decided by the courts.l none the less , legal principles undoubtedly do exist and obviously [state] the choices made by doctors .

It is important to notice that although the symptoms displayed by the patient usually relate to the terminal illness , there may be times when they arise from some separate , independent condition .
it is important to notice that although the symptoms displayed by the patient usually relate to the terminal illness , there may be times when they arise from some separate , independent [state] .

First , if the new condition has discomforting symptoms , these should be controlled .
first , if the new [state] has discomforting symptoms , these should be controlled .

Third , both these principles are subject to the question of whether the new condition may be cured or palliated .
third , both these principles are subject to the question of whether the new [state] may be cured or palliated .

Thus , if a patient who is aware of the nature of his condition and competent to make a decision refuses further treatment from his doctor , then continued treatment is unlawful , as constituting a battery or a criminal assault .
thus , if a patient who is aware of the nature of his [state] and competent to make a decision refuses further treatment from his doctor , then continued treatment is unlawful , as constituting a battery or a criminal assault .

While this is so , it is still the case that by no means all hospitals or doctors are yet educated in the pharmacological and other management of the terminally ill , and large numbers of patients outside hospices and centres of excellence may well , by virtue of their condition , continue to pose the problem of euthanasia .
while this is so , it is still the case that by no means all hospitals or doctors are yet educated in the pharmacological and other management of the terminally ill , and large numbers of patients outside hospices and centres of excellence may well , by virtue of their [state] , continue to pose the problem of euthanasia .

The patient 's death is not an evil to be avoided at all costs , but is an inevitable consequence of his condition .
the patient 's death is not an evil to be avoided at all costs , but is an inevitable consequence of his [state] .

On the other hand , the doctor would probably be in breach of his duty if it could be shown that the patient 's request was made at a time when he was demonstrably and predictably suffering from a temporary condition which made his judgment unreliable .
on the other hand , the doctor would probably be in breach of his duty if it could be shown that the patient 's request was made at a time when he was demonstrably and predictably suffering from a temporary [state] which made his judgment unreliable .

In its preamble , the Natural Death Act 1976 states that ‘ adult persons have the fundamental right to control the decision relating to the rendering of their own medical care , including the decision to have life-sustaining procedures withheld or withdrawn in instances of a terminal condition .
in its preamble , the natural death act 1976 states that ‘ adult persons have the fundamental right to control the decision relating to the rendering of their own medical care , including the decision to have life-sustaining procedures withheld or withdrawn in instances of a terminal [state] .

Although his condition is in one sense hopeless , in that he will not recover , it is not hopeless in the sense that he is in imminent danger of dying .
although his [state] is in one sense hopeless , in that he will not recover , it is not hopeless in the sense that he is in imminent danger of dying .

To provide a balanced valuation of the property , taking into account market conditions and the condition of the property .
to provide a balanced valuation of the property , taking into account market conditions and the [state] of the property .

We are constantly reminded of the appalling condition of our houses .
we are constantly reminded of the appalling [state] of our houses .

To sum up , damp walls are not disastrous structurally , but the cause must be ascertained and the condition rectified .
to sum up , damp walls are not disastrous structurally , but the cause must be ascertained and the [state] rectified .

Slipping tiles or slates may indicate a more serious condition , of ‘ nail sickness ’ , where the nails securing the tiles to the wooden battens have become rusted through or fatigued .
slipping tiles or slates may indicate a more serious [state] , of ‘ nail sickness ’ , where the nails securing the tiles to the wooden battens have become rusted through or fatigued .

How old is it and what condition is it in ? Is it safe ?
how old is it and what [state] is it in ? is it safe ?

There must be adequate ventilation into the room , and the flue must be in good condition and have a good draught , with no susceptibility to down-draught .
there must be adequate ventilation into the room , and the flue must be in good [state] and have a good draught , with no susceptibility to down-draught .

Check that the wiring is new and in good condition , and immediately on occupation ask the Electricity Board to safety-check the whole installation — appliances and wiring .
check that the wiring is new and in good [state] , and immediately on occupation ask the electricity board to safety-check the whole installation — appliances and wiring .

Is the roof space clean and clear of rubbish ? What is the condition of the electrical wiring ?
is the roof space clean and clear of rubbish ? what is the [state] of the electrical wiring ?

Decide on the condition of the windows , doors , decoration and fittings .
decide on the [state] of the windows , doors , decoration and fittings .

Is the wiring in good condition ?
is the wiring in good [state] ?

Are the stairs in good , sound condition ?
are the stairs in good , sound [state] ?

On the central heating , observe the condition of each radiator and valve , and on the boiler itself note the age , type and condition and whether there are signs of leakage .
on the central heating , observe the [state] of each radiator and valve , and on the boiler itself note the age , type and [state] and whether there are signs of leakage .

Insist , through your solicitor , that electric wiring is left in a safe condition , and that all gas connections are plugged and valved off , as also with water and waste pipes for dishwashers and washing machines .
insist , through your solicitor , that electric wiring is left in a safe [state] , and that all gas connections are plugged and valved off , as also with water and waste pipes for dishwashers and washing machines .

Is the pointing of the brickwork in good condition ?
is the pointing of the brickwork in good [state] ?

The vendor may be able to point out external electric cable runs , stop-cocks , gas and water runs , drains and manholes — otherwise you will have to look for them ; try to ascertain their age and condition ( see Chapter 6 ) .
the vendor may be able to point out external electric cable runs , stop-cocks , gas and water runs , drains and manholes — otherwise you will have to look for them ; try to ascertain their age and [state] ( see chapter 6 ) .

Check all gullies for condition : are they well concreted in , or do they have gaps which cause spillage onto the external walls and foundations ?
check all gullies for [state] : are they well concreted in , or do they have gaps which cause spillage onto the external walls and foundations ?

What is the condition of the cement benching ?
what is the [state] of the cement benching ?

The glazed channels in the manholes should be in sound and near-perfect condition , whether old or new .
the glazed channels in the manholes should be in sound and near-perfect [state] , whether old or new .

Are they in good condition , especially those close to the house ?
are they in good [state] , especially those close to the house ?

Check the gates for condition and operation .
check the gates for [state] and operation .

‘ … to be on the Riviera without a motor car is a condition we do not care to imagine ’ , reported Vogue in the 1920s .
‘ … to be on the riviera without a motor car is a [state] we do not care to imagine ’ , reported vogue in the 1920s .

This happy condition disintegrated on the eleventh night when Matty described Chris as vulgar , selfish , childish and dull , while he described her as self-righteous , holier-than-thou and hypocritical .
this happy [state] disintegrated on the eleventh night when matty described chris as vulgar , selfish , childish and dull , while he described her as self-righteous , holier-than-thou and hypocritical .

By the classical period of Greek thought the myth of the Golden Age had partially given way to the opposite idea that man 's early condition was ‘ nasty , brutish and short ’ .
by the classical period of greek thought the myth of the golden age had partially given way to the opposite idea that man 's early [state] was ‘ nasty , brutish and short ’ .

The clock was restored to its original condition in full working order in 1956 , after a lapse of seventy-two years .
the clock was restored to its original [state] in full working order in 1956 , after a lapse of seventy-two years .

They see urban decay not as a peripheral manifestation nor as a growing pain , but as a chronic condition of social polarization that is becoming firmly entrenched in British society .
they see urban decay not as a peripheral manifestation nor as a growing pain , but as a chronic [state] of social polarization that is becoming firmly entrenched in british society .

The Dear Report on Handsworth captures this image and links it to the social condition of young blacks :
the dear report on handsworth captures this image and links it to the social [state] of young blacks :

So it is clearly right to argue as Dahrendorf does that the emergence of an underclass excluded apparently permanently from dominant economic life is a potent condition of rising crime .
so it is clearly right to argue as dahrendorf does that the emergence of an underclass excluded apparently permanently from dominant economic life is a potent [state] of rising crime .

The poor are in reality simply experiencing the effects of inequality and can indeed be blamed for their condition .
the poor are in reality simply experiencing the effects of inequality and can indeed be blamed for their [state] .

An alternative view sees the shape of poverty as reflecting the shape and condition of the wider society and requires more wide-ranging policy responses , especially those founded on universalist principles .
an alternative view sees the shape of poverty as reflecting the shape and [state] of the wider society and requires more wide-ranging policy responses , especially those founded on universalist principles .

The back condition which troubled him sorely during the club 's invaluable spring tour of Zimbabwe , returned with a vengeance and he was obliged to miss some cricket while under constant treatment .
the back [state] which troubled him sorely during the club 's invaluable spring tour of zimbabwe , returned with a vengeance and he was obliged to miss some cricket while under constant treatment .

Donald was soon to return from his Test debut in Barbados but Reev 's condition was worrying .
donald was soon to return from his test debut in barbados but reev 's [state] was worrying .

To complicate matters he was diagnosed as having reflex epilepsy as a youngster , a condition which can lead to concussion if he sustains head injuries .
to complicate matters he was diagnosed as having reflex epilepsy as a youngster , a [state] which can lead to concussion if he sustains head injuries .

Spring had a spring in her lithesome step ; the birds were trilling in what , over Birmingham , passes for sky ; and the wicket was , according to Wisden , in decent condition .
spring had a spring in her lithesome step ; the birds were trilling in what , over birmingham , passes for sky ; and the wicket was , according to wisden , in decent [state] .

If you are a tenant , your landlord should certainly be liable for ensuring that all windows , frames and doors are in good condition .
if you are a tenant , your landlord should certainly be liable for ensuring that all windows , frames and doors are in good [state] .

There are other methods of storing food such as preserving , drying , or bottling , but these are of limited value if you live on your own , since , even if you entertain a lot , you would probably waste a lot of preserves or bottled food , as their condition quickly deteriorates once the jar or bottle is opened .
there are other methods of storing food such as preserving , drying , or bottling , but these are of limited value if you live on your own , since , even if you entertain a lot , you would probably waste a lot of preserves or bottled food , as their [state] quickly deteriorates once the jar or bottle is opened .

You will not be in a condition to care about shaving , for example , for a few days in all probability anyway .
you will not be in a [state] to care about shaving , for example , for a few days in all probability anyway .

Something , it might be a human condition , a fear of epilepsy .
something , it might be a human [state] , a fear of epilepsy .

His condition .
his [state] .

‘ If art teaches anything , ’ said Joseph Brodsky , the expatriate Russian poet in his Nobel Acceptance Speech of 1987 , ‘ … it is the privateness of the human condition , ’ and this privateness is maintained even when the experience is reenacted in public , or semi-public , surroundings .
‘ if art teaches anything , ’ said joseph brodsky , the expatriate russian poet in his nobel acceptance speech of 1987 , ‘ … it is the privateness of the human [state] , ’ and this privateness is maintained even when the experience is reenacted in public , or semi-public , surroundings .

The effect of the second condition was to require the laws of individual states to define specifically the kinds of sexual conduct which would be subject to regulation if presented in a patently offensive way .
the effect of the second [state] was to require the laws of individual states to define specifically the kinds of sexual conduct which would be subject to regulation if presented in a patently offensive way .

This condition is referred to as full surrogacy , or uterine fostering .
this [state] is referred to as full surrogacy , or uterine fostering .

Two squirrels died in transit , the rest were in poor condition on arrival .
two squirrels died in transit , the rest were in poor [state] on arrival .

’ At the risk of indelicacy , one would suggest that such a condition usually accounts for some five or six days of inactivity .
’ at the risk of indelicacy , one would suggest that such a [state] usually accounts for some five or six days of inactivity .

The name of your illness or condition ( if the doctor has reached any definite conclusions ) .
the name of your illness or [state] ( if the doctor has reached any definite conclusions ) .

No other condition claims so many lives — yet how many people really know what risks they run ?
no other [state] claims so many lives — yet how many people really know what risks they run ?

This condition is called ‘ coronary heart disease ’ .
this [state] is called ‘ coronary heart disease ’ .

Hair apparently benefited : of the 120 volunteers a total of 37 stated that the condition of their hair had actually improved whilst almost all the remainder reported no deterioration whatsoever .
hair apparently benefited : of the 120 volunteers a total of 37 stated that the [state] of their hair had actually improved whilst almost all the remainder reported no deterioration whatsoever .

In fact 31 stated the condition of their nails had definitely improved whilst the majority of the remainder reported no change in the condition .
in fact 31 stated the [state] of their nails had definitely improved whilst the majority of the remainder reported no change in the [state] .

It is a problem only afflicting women and only after puberty , so it is easy to see that the condition is connected with our hormones .
it is a problem only afflicting women and only after puberty , so it is easy to see that the [state] is connected with our hormones .

Foods such as sugar , salt , spices , fat and alcohol can therefore aggravate a cellulite condition by cluttering up the system with additional waste matter that is poorly eliminated .
foods such as sugar , salt , spices , fat and alcohol can therefore aggravate a cellulite [state] by cluttering up the system with additional waste matter that is poorly eliminated .

It is stupid to rush into the sort of vigorous exercise that may aggravate a medical condition and , of course , it also depends on how fit you are already .
it is stupid to rush into the sort of vigorous exercise that may aggravate a medical [state] and , of course , it also depends on how fit you are already .

According to the condition being treated , one or more of a whole range of different Chiropractic adjustment techniques could be employed .
according to the [state] being treated , one or more of a whole range of different chiropractic adjustment techniques could be employed .

As such , although dramatic results can be obtained , every qualified chiropractor will tell you that there is no average length for the course of treatment your condition may require .
as such , although dramatic results can be obtained , every qualified chiropractor will tell you that there is no average length for the course of treatment your [state] may require .

When a condition is diagnosed that can not benefit from chiropractic , such as acute inflammatory disease or rheumatoid arthritis , your chiropractor will refer you elsewhere .
when a [state] is diagnosed that can not benefit from chiropractic , such as acute inflammatory disease or rheumatoid arthritis , your chiropractor will refer you elsewhere .

Where diagnosis shows that your condition can benefit from chiropractic treatment , you will also get professional advice on bending , lifting and any other preventive precautions you should take .
where diagnosis shows that your [state] can benefit from chiropractic treatment , you will also get professional advice on bending , lifting and any other preventive precautions you should take .

Osteoporosis is a condition that mainly affects women after the menopause .
osteoporosis is a [state] that mainly affects women after the menopause .

The extreme condition of fetal alcohol syndrome is seen only in babies born to women who habitually take more than 10 units of alcohol a day .
the extreme [state] of fetal alcohol syndrome is seen only in babies born to women who habitually take more than 10 units of alcohol a day .

To help customers keep food in good condition , the new Food Labelling ( Amendment ) Regulations 1990 requires almost all foods have carried one of two types of date mark — ‘ Use by ’ or ‘ Best before ’ .
to help customers keep food in good [state] , the new food labelling ( amendment ) regulations 1990 requires almost all foods have carried one of two types of date mark — ‘ use by ’ or ‘ best before ’ .

The idealized state of being in love is an insecure condition .
the idealized state of being in love is an insecure [state] .

The phenomenon of ‘ post-natal depression ’ is perhaps the best chronicled negative condition associated with becoming a mother .
the phenomenon of ‘ post-natal depression ’ is perhaps the best chronicled negative [state] associated with becoming a mother .

Sociological explanations of the same condition draw attention to the hospital environment in which mothers have their babies , and to the debilitating effects of medical procedures and technology during labour and delivery .
sociological explanations of the same [state] draw attention to the hospital environment in which mothers have their babies , and to the debilitating effects of medical procedures and technology during labour and delivery .

Nor was there any instinctive offensive , no fight to transcend its condition and stay alive .
nor was there any instinctive offensive , no fight to transcend its [state] and stay alive .

This desperado parades the streets and appears upon ‘ Change with the effrontery of a man of the first condition .
this desperado parades the streets and appears upon ‘ change with the effrontery of a man of the first [state] .

Perhaps you have a medical condition that makes things worse — a back problem , arthritic or rheumatic pains , muscle tension , bad circulation or chest ailment .
perhaps you have a medical [state] that makes things worse — a back problem , arthritic or rheumatic pains , muscle tension , bad circulation or chest ailment .

( You should be able to confirm that this is the only price-quantity combination at which marginal revenue equals marginal cost , the condition for profit maximisation . )
( you should be able to confirm that this is the only price-quantity combination at which marginal revenue equals marginal cost , the [state] for profit maximisation . )

Condition 1
[state] 1

For a given rate of interest ( which determines the level of 1 ) , this equilibrium condition is illustrated in Fig .
for a given rate of interest ( which determines the level of 1 ) , this equilibrium [state] is illustrated in fig .

Condition 2
[state] 2

Boxes and pots in good condition can , of course , be sorted and arranged on shelves .
boxes and pots in good [state] can , of course , be sorted and arranged on shelves .

His restlessness was deep rooted , ever since he had passed the two boys he had been aware of a more profound , a more stark malaise in his condition .
his restlessness was deep rooted , ever since he had passed the two boys he had been aware of a more profound , a more stark malaise in his [state] .

Many rabbits become heavily infested with tapeworms , which can grow to a length of several feet , but this , surprisingly , does n't seem to affect their general condition .
many rabbits become heavily infested with tapeworms , which can grow to a length of several feet , but this , surprisingly , does n't seem to affect their general [state] .

This automatically ensures the rabbits stay in good condition even with a reduced bulk intake .
this automatically ensures the rabbits stay in good [state] even with a reduced bulk intake .

It remains in good condition from the marketing point of view .
it remains in good [state] from the marketing point of view .

Bargains are available provided you can be sure that the animals come from good stock and have been kept in good condition .
bargains are available provided you can be sure that the animals come from good stock and have been kept in good [state] .

The condition stems from dirty living conditions within the hutches .
the [state] stems from dirty living conditions within the hutches .

It has been suggested that unless females are mated they remain in season for very long periods and lose condition and strength to the point where they die .
it has been suggested that unless females are mated they remain in season for very long periods and lose [state] and strength to the point where they die .

Occasionally members of all species die when out of condition for no known reason .
occasionally members of all species die when out of [state] for no known reason .

There are few things in the human condition more likely to create intrigue and speculation than the person who manages to progress through life without marrying , and those who have avoided a close relationship of any kind with the opposite sex arouse special interest .
there are few things in the human [state] more likely to create intrigue and speculation than the person who manages to progress through life without marrying , and those who have avoided a close relationship of any kind with the opposite sex arouse special interest .

George was placed towards the end of a gigantic column , headed by five thousand Jews in poor physical condition .
george was placed towards the end of a gigantic column , headed by five thousand jews in poor physical [state] .

Information was required on his or her physical and mental condition , including any functional mental disorder or behavioural problems .
information was required on his or her physical and mental [state] , including any functional mental disorder or behavioural problems .

However , while people were in general very willing to cooperate in the data collection , it should be added that it was not always possible to collect all items of information at each stage : for example , a very severely demented person might not be able to respond to questions at all ; it was not always possible to find a medical practitioner with up-to-date information about a person 's medical condition ; respondents sometimes refused to perform all the action tests ; it was occasionally impossible to find a key informant to give , for example , information about services received by a dementia sufferer or about his/her housing circumstances .
however , while people were in general very willing to cooperate in the data collection , it should be added that it was not always possible to collect all items of information at each stage : for example , a very severely demented person might not be able to respond to questions at all ; it was not always possible to find a medical practitioner with up-to-date information about a person 's medical [state] ; respondents sometimes refused to perform all the action tests ; it was occasionally impossible to find a key informant to give , for example , information about services received by a dementia sufferer or about his/her housing circumstances .

To create an even greater homogeneity we excluded also all those who were doubly incontinent at referral ( since we know that the project found such people very hard to support ; see Chapter Seven ) , and all those whose condition — either mental or physical — was deemed too poor at referral for them to remain at home at all .
to create an even greater homogeneity we excluded also all those who were doubly incontinent at referral ( since we know that the project found such people very hard to support ; see chapter seven ) , and all those whose [state] — either mental or physical — was deemed too poor at referral for them to remain at home at all .

It is reasonable to assume that the carer 's preference provides some part of the causal explanation ; but it is also likely that the carers ’ preferences were influenced by the severity of the sufferer 's condition , and by whether long-term institutional care was expected , already planned , or already known to be unlikely .
it is reasonable to assume that the carer 's preference provides some part of the causal explanation ; but it is also likely that the carers ’ preferences were influenced by the severity of the sufferer 's [state] , and by whether long-term institutional care was expected , already planned , or already known to be unlikely .

In seven cases there was acknowledged to have been a deterioration in the dependant 's condition , so that the principal carer accepted or had even requested institutional care .
in seven cases there was acknowledged to have been a deterioration in the dependant 's [state] , so that the principal carer accepted or had even requested institutional care .

Where reported strain had increased , this was usually described among both action and control sample carers as due to deterioration in the sufferer 's condition ( which to the action sample carers even enhanced home care could not help ) .
where reported strain had increased , this was usually described among both action and control sample carers as due to deterioration in the sufferer 's [state] ( which to the action sample carers even enhanced home care could not help ) .

Apart from these four there was also one carer ( a wife ) who fractured her hip and just could not manage to look after her husband any longer : ‘ he could not understand my condition and became nasty and demanding ’ .
apart from these four there was also one carer ( a wife ) who fractured her hip and just could not manage to look after her husband any longer : ‘ he could not understand my [state] and became nasty and demanding ’ .

It was originally a large , stout , hardy draught animal at a time when beef came mainly from plough oxen once they were no longer in prime working condition ( typical of meat production in many countries even now ) and was then developed as a triple-purpose draught , meat and milk type but it soon evolved into essentially a beef animal and in that role its influence worldwide has been immense and far-reaching .
it was originally a large , stout , hardy draught animal at a time when beef came mainly from plough oxen once they were no longer in prime working [state] ( typical of meat production in many countries even now ) and was then developed as a triple-purpose draught , meat and milk type but it soon evolved into essentially a beef animal and in that role its influence worldwide has been immense and far-reaching .

Her clients ( mainly wealthy women seeking rejuvenation ) reported dramatic improvement in their skin condition as a result of her treatments .
her clients ( mainly wealthy women seeking rejuvenation ) reported dramatic improvement in their skin [state] as a result of her treatments .

Essential oils need to be diluted at a rate of ½ to 3 per cent , depending on the person 's skin , the strength of the essential oil and the condition for which it is being applied .
essential oils need to be diluted at a rate of ½ to 3 per cent , depending on the person 's skin , the strength of the essential oil and the [state] for which it is being applied .

If used regularly , they will improve the condition of your hair and scalp .
if used regularly , they will improve the [state] of your hair and scalp .

Not only does it help the condition of the skin itself by removing the build-up of dead skin cells on the surface , it stimulates lymphatic drainage and the elimination of as much as one-third of body wastes .
not only does it help the [state] of the skin itself by removing the build-up of dead skin cells on the surface , it stimulates lymphatic drainage and the elimination of as much as one-third of body wastes .

The condition of spiritual imprisonment or freedom depends on many things , but especially on how we breathe and think .
the [state] of spiritual imprisonment or freedom depends on many things , but especially on how we breathe and think .

One particular weather condition has more effect on bream fishing than any other ; wind .
one particular weather [state] has more effect on bream fishing than any other ; wind .

Social life based on this condition can hardly be favourable to older people , and the more turbulent and anarchical the times , the worse their condition and status has been .
social life based on this [state] can hardly be favourable to older people , and the more turbulent and anarchical the times , the worse their [state] and status has been .

Many religions encourage the idea that our current condition is temporary , and that old age should be a time of looking towards our place in the next life which is more important .
many religions encourage the idea that our current [state] is temporary , and that old age should be a time of looking towards our place in the next life which is more important .

Medical opinion is another influential source of dominant social attitudes , and its views on ageing are central to the expectations we have about the ‘ normal ’ condition of older people .
medical opinion is another influential source of dominant social attitudes , and its views on ageing are central to the expectations we have about the ‘ normal ’ [state] of older people .

This practice encourages the belief that old age is a condition similar to disability .
this practice encourages the belief that old age is a [state] similar to disability .

It would stress that it is the circumstances and condition of individuals , not their age , that is significant .
it would stress that it is the circumstances and [state] of individuals , not their age , that is significant .

As well as the extreme distress and loss of life this condition can cause , the hospital costs of dealing with the fractures are some £160 million a year , and a fifth of orthopaedic beds are occupied by such cases .
as well as the extreme distress and loss of life this [state] can cause , the hospital costs of dealing with the fractures are some £160 million a year , and a fifth of orthopaedic beds are occupied by such cases .

The risk factors for osteoporosis are well known , yet despite its prevalence — perhaps 25 per cent of women are at risk of osteoporotic fractures — and the severe consequences of such fractures , little priority is currently attached to developing preventive and screening approaches to this condition .
the risk factors for osteoporosis are well known , yet despite its prevalence — perhaps 25 per cent of women are at risk of osteoporotic fractures — and the severe consequences of such fractures , little priority is currently attached to developing preventive and screening approaches to this [state] .

The retirement condition encouraged an end to workforce participation on a massive scale and established arbitrary ages as the customary retirement ages .
the retirement [state] encouraged an end to workforce participation on a massive scale and established arbitrary ages as the customary retirement ages .

This is not surprising when one considers the ways in which the attitudes and structures of society condition us from the early years of life .
this is not surprising when one considers the ways in which the attitudes and structures of society [state] us from the early years of life .

Chaos may sometimes be an important condition of growth , the chaos leading to new integration .
chaos may sometimes be an important [state] of growth , the chaos leading to new integration .

From the Government 's point of view , the condition of the people was a policy-maker 's boon , all the more so as such self-restraint and national unity initially took the habitual pessimists in Whitehall by surprise .
from the government 's point of view , the [state] of the people was a policy-maker 's boon , all the more so as such self-restraint and national unity initially took the habitual pessimists in whitehall by surprise .

Sir William ) Clarke , a solicitor , on condition they were not to be shown to anyone without the consent of himself and the syndicate .
sir william ) clarke , a solicitor , on [state] they were not to be shown to anyone without the consent of himself and the syndicate .

At length , after consulting his mother , the reluctant player finally agreed — on condition that he could continue with his electrical engineering studies .
at length , after consulting his mother , the reluctant player finally agreed — on [state] that he could continue with his electrical engineering studies .

Returning from Guildford to his Hendon home , he had finally to accept his deteriorating condition .
returning from guildford to his hendon home , he had finally to accept his deteriorating [state] .

There is no ‘ correct ’ way for a librarian to calculate the desirable size of his bookfund , but taking into account published standards plus a variety of factors which affect the use and condition of his stock he can devise a semi-scientific approach .
there is no ‘ correct ’ way for a librarian to calculate the desirable size of his bookfund , but taking into account published standards plus a variety of factors which affect the use and [state] of his stock he can devise a semi-scientific approach .

the number of new books published per annum , broken down by subjects ; the length of life of stock on the open shelves ( depreciation rate ) ; the risen costs of books and binding on the previous year 's fund ; and the range and condition of the existing stock .
the number of new books published per annum , broken down by subjects ; the length of life of stock on the open shelves ( depreciation rate ) ; the risen costs of books and binding on the previous year 's fund ; and the range and [state] of the existing stock .

This humble record — the date stamp — should not be undervalued , since a loan history on the book may be correlated during the weeding process with other factors ( physical condition , the content of other shelf stock ) in a way that can not be achieved through automated systems .
this humble record — the date stamp — should not be undervalued , since a loan history on the book may be correlated during the weeding process with other factors ( physical [state] , the content of other shelf stock ) in a way that can not be achieved through automated systems .

The librarian goes to the subject area at the shelves and examines each book in sequence , taking account of its physical condition , its currency , and the amount of use it has received .
the librarian goes to the subject area at the shelves and examines each book in sequence , taking account of its physical [state] , its currency , and the amount of use it has received .

All of this information , as it relates to each interest category , is recorded on another card — the stock record card — from which the condition of the stock in each category may be quickly evaluated .
all of this information , as it relates to each interest category , is recorded on another card — the stock record card — from which the [state] of the stock in each category may be quickly evaluated .

The physical condition of stock is a matter of some importance , especially in public libraries , school libraries and any other collections for which an element of book promotion is appropriate .
the physical [state] of stock is a matter of some importance , especially in public libraries , school libraries and any other collections for which an element of book promotion is appropriate .

Standard works required for long-term retention on open access stock would obviously be bound — though works intended for relegation to store need not be unless their physical condition impedes use .
standard works required for long-term retention on open access stock would obviously be bound — though works intended for relegation to store need not be unless their physical [state] impedes use .

There is no need to attract readers by displaying books in good condition — so that this motivation to bind is removed .
there is no need to attract readers by displaying books in good [state] — so that this motivation to bind is removed .

On the other hand most research materials are retained in stock indefinitely , so that for any work where the condition has seriously deteriorated the tendency is to bind rather than to discard .
on the other hand most research materials are retained in stock indefinitely , so that for any work where the [state] has seriously deteriorated the tendency is to bind rather than to discard .

From the nature conservation viewpoint there could be substantial gains if significant areas of the uplands reverted to a more natural condition without agricultural management , providing that forestry intervention on a large scale ( as agricultural land values fell ) was prevented .
from the nature conservation viewpoint there could be substantial gains if significant areas of the uplands reverted to a more natural [state] without agricultural management , providing that forestry intervention on a large scale ( as agricultural land values fell ) was prevented .

The condition of the track and the buckling of the conduit slot was not helped by the weight of the girders transported along the Promenade during the construction of the Tower .
the [state] of the track and the buckling of the conduit slot was not helped by the weight of the girders transported along the promenade during the construction of the tower .

The magnificently restored 40 at the National Tramway Museum in 1931 condition .
the magnificently restored 40 at the national tramway museum in 1931 [state] .

In 1972 , 166 was donated to the National Tramway Museum , where it was beautifully restored to its original condition .
in 1972 , 166 was donated to the national tramway museum , where it was beautifully restored to its original [state] .

4. 173 , in its final condition , waits at the North Station loading barrier opposite the Odeon .
4. 173 , in its final [state] , waits at the north station loading barrier opposite the odeon .

This left only thirteen railcoaches in original condition , plus the ten trailer towing cars .
this left only thirteen railcoaches in original [state] , plus the ten trailer towing cars .

The condition of the track determines the smoothness of the ride enjoyed by a tram passenger , and so continuous maintenance work is needed by the track-gangs .
the [state] of the track determines the smoothness of the ride enjoyed by a tram passenger , and so continuous maintenance work is needed by the track-gangs .

The appalling condition of the highways out of London and in the northern Home Counties is attested to by many travellers of the time , especially Defoe .
the appalling [state] of the highways out of london and in the northern home counties is attested to by many travellers of the time , especially defoe .

formerly an area on the north bank of the Thames between Waterloo and Westminster bridges , belonging from ancient times to the borough of Lambeth ; according to legend it was bequeathed to the borough by a pedlar on condition that his portrait , and that of his dog , should be preserved for ever in one of the parish church 's stained glass windows .
formerly an area on the north bank of the thames between waterloo and westminster bridges , belonging from ancient times to the borough of lambeth ; according to legend it was bequeathed to the borough by a pedlar on [state] that his portrait , and that of his dog , should be preserved for ever in one of the parish church 's stained glass windows .

But adjustment went on all the same because it was the only way of making yourself tolerate a condition which you loathed .
but adjustment went on all the same because it was the only way of making yourself tolerate a [state] which you loathed .

Variations in standards of treatment and comfort made little difference relative to the permanence of this one condition .
variations in standards of treatment and comfort made little difference relative to the permanence of this one [state] .

‘ Moreover , it is important to realise that a commitment to animal welfare is consistent with striving to improve the overall condition of those individuals who have a welfare , both humans and other animals , even if this means decreasing the welfare of some .
‘ moreover , it is important to realise that a commitment to animal welfare is consistent with striving to improve the overall [state] of those individuals who have a welfare , both humans and other animals , even if this means decreasing the welfare of some .

Measurements of body damage ; for example , if you find that keeping chickens in a particular way results in a large number having broken bones before they die , that is important in assessing the effect of that condition on the welfare of the animal .
measurements of body damage ; for example , if you find that keeping chickens in a particular way results in a large number having broken bones before they die , that is important in assessing the effect of that [state] on the welfare of the animal .

Another example is where the immune system is not functioning adequately ; suppose we keep animals in a condition which is such that their immune system does not work properly .
another example is where the immune system is not functioning adequately ; suppose we keep animals in a [state] which is such that their immune system does not work properly .

For example , if surgery were performed to remove all nerves supplying the part from which the complaint originated , this could be used as a test to decide if the word pain could be used to describe the condition which disappeared after the operation .
for example , if surgery were performed to remove all nerves supplying the part from which the complaint originated , this could be used as a test to decide if the word pain could be used to describe the [state] which disappeared after the operation .

Your employer may be faced with conflicting advice if , for instance , the company doctor and your own take different views of your condition .
your employer may be faced with conflicting advice if , for instance , the company doctor and your own take different views of your [state] .

So it might be possible for a 50-year-old with a heart condition to be acting reasonably if he turned down a job involving more stress and daily travel , whereas a 30-year-old executive with no personal problems who rejected the same offer might forfeit his claim to statutory redundancy pay .
so it might be possible for a 50-year-old with a heart [state] to be acting reasonably if he turned down a job involving more stress and daily travel , whereas a 30-year-old executive with no personal problems who rejected the same offer might forfeit his claim to statutory redundancy pay .

you are excluded because you do not comply with a specific statutory condition .
you are excluded because you do not comply with a specific statutory [state] .

The brothers were now offering an annuity for life of £150 , ‘ no condition whatsoever being annexed to it ’ .
the brothers were now offering an annuity for life of £150 , ‘ no [state] whatsoever being annexed to it ’ .

Insurance companies should not be able to demand genetic data as a condition of issuing health or life cover .
insurance companies should not be able to demand genetic data as a [state] of issuing health or life cover .

In addition , as the natural history of this extremely distressing condition is to improve with time , considerable counselling and encouragement will be required .
in addition , as the natural history of this extremely distressing [state] is to improve with time , considerable counselling and encouragement will be required .

Cessation of alcohol abuse with which this condition is often associated may dramatically reduce the lipaemia , but other methods can be employed .
cessation of alcohol abuse with which this [state] is often associated may dramatically reduce the lipaemia , but other methods can be employed .

Certain key aspects need to be reviewed before increasing the dose of insulin , including diet , injection technique and condition of injection sites .
certain key aspects need to be reviewed before increasing the dose of insulin , including diet , injection technique and [state] of injection sites .

Thus , although the bonanza expected by some has not yet materialised , exploration has far from exhausted the possibilities , and the results have at least demonstrated beyond question that gas accumulated and survived in producible quantities in the Eastern Overthrust Belt , despite the disturbed condition of the strata and the passage of time .
thus , although the bonanza expected by some has not yet materialised , exploration has far from exhausted the possibilities , and the results have at least demonstrated beyond question that gas accumulated and survived in producible quantities in the eastern overthrust belt , despite the disturbed [state] of the strata and the passage of time .

In this approach , the exceptional solutions that have Killing-Cauchy horizons in the interaction region do not satisfy the condition of strict plane symmetry as defined by Yurtsever .
in this approach , the exceptional solutions that have killing-cauchy horizons in the interaction region do not satisfy the [state] of strict plane symmetry as defined by yurtsever .

It is convenient to consider separately in this chapter a number of other exact solutions that satisfy this same condition .
it is convenient to consider separately in this chapter a number of other exact solutions that satisfy this same [state] .

For stationary axisymmetric solutions , it is usual to impose the condition that the space-times are asymptotically flat , and techniques for generating new solutions of Ernst 's equation in which the space-time satisfies this condition have been developed .
for stationary axisymmetric solutions , it is usual to impose the [state] that the space-times are asymptotically flat , and techniques for generating new solutions of ernst 's equation in which the space-time satisfies this [state] have been developed .

They are a necessary , but insufficient , condition for effective decentralisation or effective working .
they are a necessary , but insufficient , [state] for effective decentralisation or effective working .

The testator has not regulated the case of the death of the second son childless : the condition on the trust in favour of his brother ( or rather now that brother 's heir ) is not satisfied , since that applied only to the brother to die first , if childless ; nor , since the first did not die childless , is the condition on the trust in favour of the granddaughter satisfied .
the testator has not regulated the case of the death of the second son childless : the [state] on the trust in favour of his brother ( or rather now that brother 's heir ) is not satisfied , since that applied only to the brother to die first , if childless ; nor , since the first did not die childless , is the [state] on the trust in favour of the granddaughter satisfied .

Since the uncle is the boy 's heir , this shows that the jurist must regard a transmissible interest in the estate as having vested in the boy before his death ; which means that he is taking dies cedens to have passed , although the boy has not lived until age sixteen ; and that in turn means that he is interpreting the trust as subject not to a condition but to a term ( dies ) .
since the uncle is the boy 's heir , this shows that the jurist must regard a transmissible interest in the estate as having vested in the boy before his death ; which means that he is taking dies cedens to have passed , although the boy has not lived until age sixteen ; and that in turn means that he is interpreting the trust as subject not to a [state] but to a term ( dies ) .

There is much to be said for interpreting a modality such as ‘ when he reaches the age of sixteen ’ as a condition rather than a term .
there is much to be said for interpreting a modality such as ‘ when he reaches the age of sixteen ’ as a [state] rather than a term .

Pomponius is quite clear that this amounts to a condition , and the consequence of that is that the legacy does not vest and transmission is not possible until the relevant age has been reached .
pomponius is quite clear that this amounts to a [state] , and the consequence of that is that the legacy does not vest and transmission is not possible until the relevant age has been reached .

In one text Paul appears to be of the same view ; but in another Papinian takes the opposite line , on the basis that the testator had in mind not that payment should be made only if a condition of surviving to a certain age was met , but that payment should be deferred to that point in time .
in one text paul appears to be of the same view ; but in another papinian takes the opposite line , on the basis that the testator had in mind not that payment should be made only if a [state] of surviving to a certain age was met , but that payment should be deferred to that point in time .

There is a good deal of evidence elsewhere in the Digest to show that in civil-law dispositions too intention was regarded as the key to application of a condition or a term ; and this goes back as early as Pegasus .
there is a good deal of evidence elsewhere in the digest to show that in civil-law dispositions too intention was regarded as the key to application of a [state] or a term ; and this goes back as early as pegasus .

Marcellus says the condition on the manumission is not to be taken to be repeated in the case of the substitutes .
marcellus says the [state] on the manumission is not to be taken to be repeated in the case of the substitutes .

He goes on to say that it would be if it were a condition of another kind .
he goes on to say that it would be if it were a [state] of another kind .

The reason why this specific condition is not regarded as repeated is that it is incompatible with the condition to which the substitution is subject : the substitutes are to be admitted if no children are born to the testator or if any born die before puberty , whereas the manumission is subject to the condition that there are children who are still alive at puberty .
the reason why this specific [state] is not regarded as repeated is that it is incompatible with the [state] to which the substitution is subject : the substitutes are to be admitted if no children are born to the testator or if any born die before puberty , whereas the manumission is subject to the [state] that there are children who are still alive at puberty .

Clearly if the substitutes are entitled to enter then the condition on the manumission can never be satisfied .
clearly if the substitutes are entitled to enter then the [state] on the manumission can never be satisfied .

The point of the trust clause here is to provide that substitutes should be liable for exactly the same as the instituted heirs , with the one exception of the problematic condition on the manumission .
the point of the trust clause here is to provide that substitutes should be liable for exactly the same as the instituted heirs , with the one exception of the problematic [state] on the manumission .

Was the lack of notice a sufficient condition to bar missio ? Or might an innocent acquirer be assailed for failing to satisfy some other requirement ? The texts are not very clear on this , but the main question is whether a third party in good faith would be secure from the missio only if he had paid value for the object under trust .
was the lack of notice a sufficient [state] to bar missio ? or might an innocent acquirer be assailed for failing to satisfy some other requirement ? the texts are not very clear on this , but the main question is whether a third party in good faith would be secure from the missio only if he had paid value for the object under trust .

The heir ought to redeem pledged lands left by legacy or trust , especially when the testator knew of their condition or , had he known , would have bequeathed you something else of equal value .
the heir ought to redeem pledged lands left by legacy or trust , especially when the testator knew of their [state] or , had he known , would have bequeathed you something else of equal value .

Modus was a modality on a bequest which differed from a condition .
modus was a modality on a bequest which differed from a [state] .

An example may help : property could be left to somebody on condition that he did something .
an example may help : property could be left to somebody on [state] that he did something .

When he did do this , he satisfied the condition and the bequest became payable .
when he did do this , he satisfied the [state] and the bequest became payable .

Julian is asked whether this is a condition ; his reply is that the freedom is unconditional .
julian is asked whether this is a [state] ; his reply is that the freedom is unconditional .

Any such sale was , if the condition was realized , to be void ab initio , and time would not run against the legatee or trust beneficiary for the purposes of positive prescription .
any such sale was , if the [state] was realized , to be void ab initio , and time would not run against the legatee or trust beneficiary for the purposes of positive prescription .

To be without emotion is to be unfeeling , to have no contact with the human condition .
to be without emotion is to be unfeeling , to have no contact with the human [state] .

Stagnation of the functions of the body is identified as a medical condition in China , and is a state that-will lead to illness .
stagnation of the functions of the body is identified as a medical [state] in china , and is a state that-will lead to illness .

It is you and only you who , by accepting your condition , create insurmountable walls .
it is you and only you who , by accepting your [state] , create insurmountable walls .

Rational philosophy explored the human condition without the element of spirit .
rational philosophy explored the human [state] without the element of spirit .

In addition , my Grandfather , for twenty-odd years prior to his death , at the age of seventy two in 1907 , suffered from a chest condition which incapacitated him each winter .
in addition , my grandfather , for twenty-odd years prior to his death , at the age of seventy two in 1907 , suffered from a chest [state] which incapacitated him each winter .

Since the main function of bone collecting by porcupines seems to keep their incisors in good condition rather than as food , it does not seem likely that small mammal bone could serve any useful purpose from the porcupine 's point of view .
since the main function of bone collecting by porcupines seems to keep their incisors in good [state] rather than as food , it does not seem likely that small mammal bone could serve any useful purpose from the porcupine 's point of view .

After 36 month 's weathering , the bones of the skull were found to be little altered beyond the condition described above .
after 36 month 's weathering , the bones of the skull were found to be little altered beyond the [state] described above .

The teeth also were found to be similar to the condition described after 29 months weathering : for a sample of 31 teeth , 25.8 per cent were split ( Fig .
the teeth also were found to be similar to the [state] described after 29 months weathering : for a sample of 31 teeth , 25.8 per cent were split ( fig .

3.2 that the barn owl assemblages approximate to this condition , but all elements are considerably less than 100 per cent .
3.2 that the barn owl assemblages approximate to this [state] , but all elements are considerably less than 100 per cent .

Tradesmen 's vans , builders lorries , furniture vans ( brought by night , twelve to twenty-five at a time , ) followed into the Road Vehicle Shop gate , their mechanical condition as varied as their outward appearance , to be fitted in the first place with a double wooden box lined with pebbles — a Heath-Robinson contraption , but resistant to machine-gun fire at close range .
tradesmen 's vans , builders lorries , furniture vans ( brought by night , twelve to twenty-five at a time , ) followed into the road vehicle shop gate , their mechanical [state] as varied as their outward appearance , to be fitted in the first place with a double wooden box lined with pebbles — a heath-robinson contraption , but resistant to machine-gun fire at close range .

The damage to wings was sometimes considerable and it was possible to almost rebuild them , provided the two main spars were in a reasonable condition .
the damage to wings was sometimes considerable and it was possible to almost rebuild them , provided the two main spars were in a reasonable [state] .

The conventional type of bridge was obviously an impossibility under war condition , owing to the necessity to survey the site , and the time for its provision .
the conventional type of bridge was obviously an impossibility under war [state] , owing to the necessity to survey the site , and the time for its provision .

This saved unnecessary handling , and also avoided work being neglected whilst in a half-finished condition .
this saved unnecessary handling , and also avoided work being neglected whilst in a half-finished [state] .

The formula was clearly a successful one as proved by the high survival rate and healthy condition of all four penguin species .
the formula was clearly a successful one as proved by the high survival rate and healthy [state] of all four penguin species .

For over sixty years , his work explored the constants and variables of the human condition , embodying the individual 's quest for meaning in a world burdened by ‘ complexities of ancestry and identity ’ .
for over sixty years , his work explored the constants and variables of the human [state] , embodying the individual 's quest for meaning in a world burdened by ‘ complexities of ancestry and identity ’ .

Given the growing acceptance of the view that education represents the basic condition for future economic success , partnerships are surely well placed within their localities to begin the task of building the structures and confidence necessary to establish education investment banks or funds where there is a professional approach given to venture capital for educational development .
given the growing acceptance of the view that education represents the basic [state] for future economic success , partnerships are surely well placed within their localities to begin the task of building the structures and confidence necessary to establish education investment banks or funds where there is a professional approach given to venture capital for educational development .

Thrown by the conundrum of local government finance , government finds no easy solutions to the underlying issues of central-local relationships — those questions of the economic and political ‘ assignments ’ that a satisfactory condition of democracy requires .
thrown by the conundrum of local government finance , government finds no easy solutions to the underlying issues of central-local relationships — those questions of the economic and political ‘ assignments ’ that a satisfactory [state] of democracy requires .

In larger economic terms , however , some previous attempts at intervention in the regions have been misguided , even patronising , assuming the North best supported by being kept in its place and in the ( terminal ) condition it should expect .
in larger economic terms , however , some previous attempts at intervention in the regions have been misguided , even patronising , assuming the north best supported by being kept in its place and in the ( terminal ) [state] it should expect .

The Foundation 's broad survey , relating world-wide events to the condition and future of the North of England , attempts to show how the Northern home of the Industrial Revolution , which changed the course of civilisation , can earn a reflex benefit from the outside world : to suggest how it should see its continuing importance and the integrity of its peculiar contribution to that world , the value of its own inalienable strengths and their potential .
the foundation 's broad survey , relating world-wide events to the [state] and future of the north of england , attempts to show how the northern home of the industrial revolution , which changed the course of civilisation , can earn a reflex benefit from the outside world : to suggest how it should see its continuing importance and the integrity of its peculiar contribution to that world , the value of its own inalienable strengths and their potential .

Consensus has to be a necessary condition of partnership .
consensus has to be a necessary [state] of partnership .

Odours which cause an existing condition to worsen , however , will be regarded as prejudicial to health .
odours which cause an existing [state] to worsen , however , will be regarded as prejudicial to health .

The only restriction being that a condition must directly relate to the site and must be reasonable .
the only restriction being that a [state] must directly relate to the site and must be reasonable .

Condition : ‘ The types and quantities of waste accepted at the site shall not exceed the limits of its operational and storage capacity ’ .
[state] : ‘ the types and quantities of waste accepted at the site shall not exceed the limits of its operational and storage capacity ’ .

Condition : ‘ Wastes shall be initially blended before incineration and the plant operated in such a manner as to ensure that the flue gases discharged to the atmosphere are such that they do not give rise to an environmental hazard or danger to public health ’ .
[state] : ‘ wastes shall be initially blended before incineration and the plant operated in such a manner as to ensure that the flue gases discharged to the atmosphere are such that they do not give rise to an environmental hazard or danger to public health ’ .

In addition , s.9 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to ensure that conditions are complied with , and they may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( a ) , serve on the licence holder , a notice requiring compliance with a condition ( s ) within a specified time .
in addition , s.9 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to ensure that conditions are complied with , and they may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( a ) , serve on the licence holder , a notice requiring compliance with a [state] ( s ) within a specified time .

Is the condition ( 1 ) necessary ; ( 2 ) relevant to planning ; ( 3 ) relevant to the development to be permitted ; ( 4 ) enforceable ; ( 5 ) precise ; ( 6 ) reasonable ?
is the [state] ( 1 ) necessary ; ( 2 ) relevant to planning ; ( 3 ) relevant to the development to be permitted ; ( 4 ) enforceable ; ( 5 ) precise ; ( 6 ) reasonable ?

Types of condition which may be imposed fall into two categories :
types of [state] which may be imposed fall into two categories :

Many district planning authorities in fact use standard conditions and some have a policy of attaching certain conditions to particular types of development , e.g. it is the normal practice of some local planning authorities to impose a standard condition on all hot food shops requiring that , ‘ No noise , dust , grit , fumes or odours shall be emitted from the development , which in the opinion of the local planning authority create a nuisance in the locality ’ .
many district planning authorities in fact use standard conditions and some have a policy of attaching certain conditions to particular types of development , e.g. it is the normal practice of some local planning authorities to impose a standard [state] on all hot food shops requiring that , ‘ no noise , dust , grit , fumes or odours shall be emitted from the development , which in the opinion of the local planning authority create a nuisance in the locality ’ .

Other planning authorities prefer not to impose standard conditions but refer each application on its own merits , and whenever there is a likelihood of odour emission the matter is referred to the Director of Environmental Health and his advice either incorporated into the planning application or is covered by a condition .
other planning authorities prefer not to impose standard conditions but refer each application on its own merits , and whenever there is a likelihood of odour emission the matter is referred to the director of environmental health and his advice either incorporated into the planning application or is covered by a [state] .

Often the types of process in one class are very wide , consequently changing from one use to another can lead to odour nuisance yet no planning permission is required unless a condition had been attached at the time of the original planning permission prohibiting a change of use even within the same use class .
often the types of process in one class are very wide , consequently changing from one use to another can lead to odour nuisance yet no planning permission is required unless a [state] had been attached at the time of the original planning permission prohibiting a change of use even within the same use class .

Attaching such a condition as the one reproduced below is permitted on planning grounds , even though it is in conflict with the Use Classes Order and its imposition a useful preventative measure :
attaching such a [state] as the one reproduced below is permitted on planning grounds , even though it is in conflict with the use classes order and its imposition a useful preventative measure :

One of the tests of any condition is its enforceability .
one of the tests of any [state] is its enforceability .

Very little benefit is gained by imposing a condition relating to odour emission if it can not be enforced , and for that reason conditions which refer to the responsibilities of a third party , such as : ‘ all odours must be abated to the satisfaction of the Environmental Health Department ’ , should be avoided .
very little benefit is gained by imposing a [state] relating to odour emission if it can not be enforced , and for that reason conditions which refer to the responsibilities of a third party , such as : ‘ all odours must be abated to the satisfaction of the environmental health department ’ , should be avoided .

Failure to take formal action under the relevant legislation or unjustifiable delay in doing so , in respect of obnoxious odours which amount to a statutory nuisance or for breach of a condition attached to a site licence for waste disposal , may be deemed to amount to maladministration if they cause injustice such as injury to health or depreciation in the value of property .
failure to take formal action under the relevant legislation or unjustifiable delay in doing so , in respect of obnoxious odours which amount to a statutory nuisance or for breach of a [state] attached to a site licence for waste disposal , may be deemed to amount to maladministration if they cause injustice such as injury to health or depreciation in the value of property .

When two descriptions are of the same type , plural reference is enhanced , regardless of syntactic condition , and regardless of whether the two descriptions are names or noun phrases .
when two descriptions are of the same type , plural reference is enhanced , regardless of syntactic [state] , and regardless of whether the two descriptions are names or noun phrases .

The results show that simply conjoining characters with and serves to facilitate plural reference relative to the ‘ with ’ condition , although this tendency is only a relative facilitation : under no condition does the proportion of plural reference get as high as 60 % .
the results show that simply conjoining characters with and serves to facilitate plural reference relative to the ‘ with ’ [state] , although this tendency is only a relative facilitation : under no [state] does the proportion of plural reference get as high as 60 % .

Turning first to the tendency to produce relatively less plural references under the mixed condition , it is possible to analyse the effect in terms of the different effects which name and noun descriptions might have .
turning first to the tendency to produce relatively less plural references under the mixed [state] , it is possible to analyse the effect in terms of the different effects which name and noun descriptions might have .

It is clear that there is a strong tendency to continue with the named individual , the only exception being the noun-with-name condition .
it is clear that there is a strong tendency to continue with the named individual , the only exception being the noun-with-name [state] .

in the ‘ with ’ condition , and in the mixed description condition .
in the ‘ with ’ [state] , and in the mixed description [state] .

However , it might be supposed that the poorest conditions of all for producing plural continuations ( mixed conditions , especially in the ‘ with ’ condition ) would show the highest proportion of use of both .
however , it might be supposed that the poorest conditions of all for producing plural continuations ( mixed conditions , especially in the ‘ with ’ [state] ) would show the highest proportion of use of both .

Table 1 Occurrence of ‘ both ’ in plural references as a function of condition
table 1 occurrence of ‘ both ’ in plural references as a function of [state]

Since base rates of plural description vary over condition .
since base rates of plural description vary over [state] .

Even though the actions in the present experiment were specifically designed to eliminate any overt suggestion of role differentiation , singulars still accounted for nearly half of the continuations under the best condition for plurals ( same description type , use of and ) .
even though the actions in the present experiment were specifically designed to eliminate any overt suggestion of role differentiation , singulars still accounted for nearly half of the continuations under the best [state] for plurals ( same description type , use of and ) .

However , 11 stated that it was poorly written , and all but one of those 11 rewrote the passage so as to make it conform to Hankamer & Sag 's parallelism condition — some changed the antecedent from are critical of to criticize , others changed the form of the ellipses ( e.g .
however , 11 stated that it was poorly written , and all but one of those 11 rewrote the passage so as to make it conform to hankamer & sag 's parallelism [state] — some changed the antecedent from are critical of to criticize , others changed the form of the ellipses ( e.g .

We also found , surprisingly , that the effect of congruity with verb bias was largely restricted to the condition in which there was a gender cue .
we also found , surprisingly , that the effect of congruity with verb bias was largely restricted to the [state] in which there was a gender cue .

Cruttenden 's data also tend to confirm that congruity has a greater effect when it is paired with gender cue , which is the condition in which it would seem , a priori , to be less useful .
cruttenden 's data also tend to confirm that congruity has a greater effect when it is paired with gender cue , which is the [state] in which it would seem , a priori , to be less useful .

Dr Hill was allocated to deal with this previously unmentionable condition .
dr hill was allocated to deal with this previously unmentionable [state] .

The present position is that the local education authorities are accountable to the local electorate for the condition of the education service in their area but , some would say , are effectively denied the powers necessary to deal with those responsibilities .
the present position is that the local education authorities are accountable to the local electorate for the [state] of the education service in their area but , some would say , are effectively denied the powers necessary to deal with those responsibilities .

At about seven his mother returned from the hospital to make him breakfast , looking utterly exhausted and reporting no change in his stepfather 's condition .
at about seven his mother returned from the hospital to make him breakfast , looking utterly exhausted and reporting no change in his stepfather 's [state] .

‘ First it will tell you about your Glory — it 's running condition — anything wrong .
‘ first it will tell you about your glory — it 's running [state] — anything wrong .

Despite its poor condition , someone clearly swept the chapel regularly .
despite its poor [state] , someone clearly swept the chapel regularly .

In practice , of course , this condition would rarely be satisfied by foreign companies , or by Irish companies whose shareholders were resident in other member states .
in practice , of course , this [state] would rarely be satisfied by foreign companies , or by irish companies whose shareholders were resident in other member states .

For example , a condition of official listing on the stock exchange of any member state is that disclosure is made of certain matters required by Community law ( see pp .
for example , a [state] of official listing on the stock exchange of any member state is that disclosure is made of certain matters required by community law ( see pp .

Under the Listing Particulars Directive , it is a condition of admission to listing that the issuer publishes listing particulars which contain , in as easily analysable and comprehensive a form as possible , the applicable items listed in the Directive .
under the listing particulars directive , it is a [state] of admission to listing that the issuer publishes listing particulars which contain , in as easily analysable and comprehensive a form as possible , the applicable items listed in the directive .

These include situations where there are competing bids , or where the acquisition is prohibited by the merger control authorities , or where a condition of the bid announced in the offer document is not fulfilled or , exceptionally , where the bid may not be put into effect for reasons beyond the control of the parties to the bid .
these include situations where there are competing bids , or where the acquisition is prohibited by the merger control authorities , or where a [state] of the bid announced in the offer document is not fulfilled or , exceptionally , where the bid may not be put into effect for reasons beyond the control of the parties to the bid .

This notice sets out a positive and negative condition that must be satisfied :
this notice sets out a positive and negative [state] that must be satisfied :

positive condition :
positive [state] :

negative condition :
negative [state] :

If you are uncertain about your physical condition ; if you are overweight , suffer from cardiovascular or respiratory disease , or have a medically diagnosed problem , then you should consult your doctor before starting to walk briskly .
if you are uncertain about your physical [state] ; if you are overweight , suffer from cardiovascular or respiratory disease , or have a medically diagnosed problem , then you should consult your doctor before starting to walk briskly .

The resting pulse rate ( heart rate ) is a rough guide to your general physical condition .
the resting pulse rate ( heart rate ) is a rough guide to your general physical [state] .

You should now begin your walking routine to suit your physical condition .
you should now begin your walking routine to suit your physical [state] .

The fact that all three babies had been born with an incurable heart condition was characteristic of the Rollerson side of the family , but Maud preferred to blame her husband , and the marriage suffered as a consequence .
the fact that all three babies had been born with an incurable heart [state] was characteristic of the rollerson side of the family , but maud preferred to blame her husband , and the marriage suffered as a consequence .

Condition monitoring and/or signal interpretation
[state] monitoring and/or signal interpretation

Condition Monitoring + Expert Systems
[state] monitoring + expert systems

Substantial investment is required in order to maintain aircraft in an airworthy condition .
substantial investment is required in order to maintain aircraft in an airworthy [state] .

However , efficiency can be further improved by integrating expert systems with existing data processing orientated , computer systems , ie databases , critical path planning , hypermedia , condition monitoring etc .
however , efficiency can be further improved by integrating expert systems with existing data processing orientated , computer systems , ie databases , critical path planning , hypermedia , [state] monitoring etc .

Non-Destructive Testing and Condition Monitoring : The anticipation of maintenance problems is significant in terms of aircraft airworthiness and economic considerations .
non-destructive testing and [state] monitoring : the anticipation of maintenance problems is significant in terms of aircraft airworthiness and economic considerations .

Low and thready pulse , low blood pressure — a condition analogous to a faint , peripheral blood supply dilated .
low and thready pulse , low blood pressure — a [state] analogous to a faint , peripheral blood supply dilated .

On the way this time it rained , but despite his dragging cloak and the glum faces of the small train he took with him , Nicholas made the journey in a condition of numbness that amounted almost to happiness .
on the way this time it rained , but despite his dragging cloak and the glum faces of the small train he took with him , nicholas made the journey in a [state] of numbness that amounted almost to happiness .

Nicholas stood stock-still , in a condition of protest , thought or even possibly refusal .
nicholas stood stock-still , in a [state] of protest , thought or even possibly refusal .

‘ That is the condition of the truce , ’ he said .
‘ that is the [state] of the truce , ’ he said .

Just be sure to consider the structural condition , wiring and plumbing and check that the person who prepares the base and erects the conservatory has been suitably trained , says Peter Moon , Conservatory Association secretary .
just be sure to consider the structural [state] , wiring and plumbing and check that the person who prepares the base and erects the conservatory has been suitably trained , says peter moon , conservatory association secretary .

if the condition has a psychological root , therapy is available with a very high success rate .
if the [state] has a psychological root , therapy is available with a very high success rate .

After hearing that they had been attending a high school graduation party , they were released by the judge on the condition that they were each driven to their parents ' home exactly as they appeared in court — with only a blanket for
after hearing that they had been attending a high school graduation party , they were released by the judge on the [state] that they were each driven to their parents ' home exactly as they appeared in court — with only a blanket for

One of the more distressing consequences of sex without serenity is a rare , but no less alarming condition that prevents withdrawal when all is done and spent .
one of the more distressing consequences of sex without serenity is a rare , but no less alarming [state] that prevents withdrawal when all is done and spent .

Staff at the medical centre at Heathrow airport once called in the Customs and Excise after discovering that two men admitted in a critical condition had brought it upon themselves after swallowing a total of forty-eight condoms filled with liquid cannabis .
staff at the medical centre at heathrow airport once called in the customs and excise after discovering that two men admitted in a critical [state] had brought it upon themselves after swallowing a total of forty-eight condoms filled with liquid cannabis .

In addition to being a hunchback the painter Toulouse-Lautrec suffered from a condition which endowed him with an oversized penis .
in addition to being a hunchback the painter toulouse-lautrec suffered from a [state] which endowed him with an oversized penis .

We would like to hear from people who regularly attend Auction Sales in different areas or who would be prepared to attend and be good enough to send us regular fair and balanced reports of their observations ; conclusions and recommendations with regard to the numbers of and general condition of the animals ; their handling and treatment ; attendance by officials at the Sales ; facilities for the animals , e.g. hay , water , etc. , and more particularly what happens to the rubbish section ?
we would like to hear from people who regularly attend auction sales in different areas or who would be prepared to attend and be good enough to send us regular fair and balanced reports of their observations ; conclusions and recommendations with regard to the numbers of and general [state] of the animals ; their handling and treatment ; attendance by officials at the sales ; facilities for the animals , e.g. hay , water , etc. , and more particularly what happens to the rubbish section ?

Cedar Health claim that Equi-Strath is a natural restorative for horses in training , competition and hunting and an ideal supplement in helping broodmares maintain their condition both prior to conception and throughout the foaling period .
cedar health claim that equi-strath is a natural restorative for horses in training , competition and hunting and an ideal supplement in helping broodmares maintain their [state] both prior to conception and throughout the foaling period .

Condition and turnout
[state] and turnout

Judged on the condition , cleanliness and correctness of horse , tack and rider 's clothing .
judged on the [state] , cleanliness and correctness of horse , tack and rider 's clothing .

The judge is looking mainly at condition in relation to age , but manners , conformation and action may be taken into account .
the judge is looking mainly at [state] in relation to age , but manners , conformation and action may be taken into account .

‘ He 's terribly difficult to keep condition on .
‘ he 's terribly difficult to keep [state] on .

This condition occurs in low pigmented areas , e.g .
this [state] occurs in low pigmented areas , e.g .

Few people relish the though of a visit to the dentist , but neglecting your horse 's teeth could affect your riding and the horse 's condition and comfort . Jo Osborne reports
few people relish the though of a visit to the dentist , but neglecting your horse 's teeth could affect your riding and the horse 's [state] and comfort . jo osborne reports

Navel-ill is another disease condition which can affect your young foal .
navel-ill is another disease [state] which can affect your young foal .

If people were making demands on him for what he owed them , he should assemble them and lay before them a fair statement of his past transactions , of his present condition and his future prospects .
if people were making demands on him for what he owed them , he should assemble them and lay before them a fair statement of his past transactions , of his present [state] and his future prospects .

It led to the condition of which William Cowper wrote in The Winter Evening :
it led to the [state] of which william cowper wrote in the winter evening :

Henry Calverley , a friend of the family , asked for the arrow to use as a trophy and it was given to him on condition he solemnly promised not to reveal its origin .
henry calverley , a friend of the family , asked for the arrow to use as a trophy and it was given to him on [state] he solemnly promised not to reveal its origin .

Moeri 's original procedure , of adding the chemicals to the second vat , would however have taken only a few minutes and would have left the reaction in no condition to explode .
moeri 's original procedure , of adding the chemicals to the second vat , would however have taken only a few minutes and would have left the reaction in no [state] to explode .

But — the third condition — prey families must not be too easily detected by predators .
but — the third [state] — prey families must not be too easily detected by predators .

The larger creature placed its feet straight forward while the other toed-out markedly , suggesting a pathological condition .
the larger creature placed its feet straight forward while the other toed-out markedly , suggesting a pathological [state] .

It turned out that victorious females selected small cocks , and small birds were more likely to be in good condition .
it turned out that victorious females selected small cocks , and small birds were more likely to be in good [state] .

This is probably because small birds need less food , ( Condition refers to stored energy , in the form of fat deposits ; Petrie used a complicated measure of condition to get rid of the effects of size alone .
this is probably because small birds need less food , ( [state] refers to stored energy , in the form of fat deposits ; petrie used a complicated measure of [state] to get rid of the effects of size alone .

Big birds weigh more , but a smaller proportion of that weight is fat , ) Corroboration comes from the observation that males who had not formed pairs were in worse condition than those that had .
big birds weigh more , but a smaller proportion of that weight is fat , ) corroboration comes from the observation that males who had not formed pairs were in worse [state] than those that had .

The importance of selecting a male in good condition is that a male with larger food reserves should be able to do more incubating .
the importance of selecting a male in good [state] is that a male with larger food reserves should be able to do more incubating .

This was supported by the correlation between the male 's condition at the start of the season and the number of days he spent incubating eggs .
this was supported by the correlation between the male 's [state] at the start of the season and the number of days he spent incubating eggs .

Petrie also found that there was also a strong positive correlation between the number of clutches a pair started in a season ( when earlier ones were destroyed by predators ) and the male 's condition .
petrie also found that there was also a strong positive correlation between the number of clutches a pair started in a season ( when earlier ones were destroyed by predators ) and the male 's [state] .

In both patients naloxone led to great improvement , supporting the idea that endogenous opiates are involved in the condition .
in both patients naloxone led to great improvement , supporting the idea that endogenous opiates are involved in the [state] .

We saw a Civil Defence exercise in Tyne and Wear where local government officials , obviously not in peak condition , rushed about and contemplated what they were going to do about the rain of megatonne weapons that was being dumped on their ratepayers .
we saw a civil defence exercise in tyne and wear where local government officials , obviously not in peak [state] , rushed about and contemplated what they were going to do about the rain of megatonne weapons that was being dumped on their ratepayers .

Far too many reclaimed sites , far from being well manicured , still present problems of their maintenance in a condition that enables them to be utilised and enjoyed .
far too many reclaimed sites , far from being well manicured , still present problems of their maintenance in a [state] that enables them to be utilised and enjoyed .

He was a leading figure in social evolution — his second book , on the origin of civilisation as shown by the mental and social condition of savages , was published in 1870 , the year before The Descent of Man by his dear friend Charles Darwin — but he knew better than to talk of evolution in Parliament .
he was a leading figure in social evolution — his second book , on the origin of civilisation as shown by the mental and social [state] of savages , was published in 1870 , the year before the descent of man by his dear friend charles darwin — but he knew better than to talk of evolution in parliament .

Dental fluorosis , no matter how slight , is an irreversible pathological condition recognised by authorities around the world as the first readily detectable clinical symptom of previous chronic fluoride poisoning .
dental fluorosis , no matter how slight , is an irreversible pathological [state] recognised by authorities around the world as the first readily detectable clinical symptom of previous chronic fluoride poisoning .

When Sakharov suffered last summer from thrombophlebitis , a serious condition , he was treated only by his wife .
when sakharov suffered last summer from thrombophlebitis , a serious [state] , he was treated only by his wife .

This is a necessary condition for obtaining clearance .
this is a necessary [state] for obtaining clearance .

The University of Utah said that Barney Clark was ‘ fine , in fair condition ’ when New Scientist went to press .
the university of utah said that barney clark was ‘ fine , in fair [state] ’ when new scientist went to press .

If the test proves successful , it may enable physicians to start therapy for the condition before the diabetes causes irreparable damage .
if the test proves successful , it may enable physicians to start therapy for the [state] before the diabetes causes irreparable damage .

Of the twins , one contracted the condition when 12 years old while the other developed it 36 years later .
of the twins , one contracted the [state] when 12 years old while the other developed it 36 years later .

Both of the patients who were diagnosed late in life had the abnormal antibodies in their blood for several years before the condition became obvious .
both of the patients who were diagnosed late in life had the abnormal antibodies in their blood for several years before the [state] became obvious .

Once that happens , it may be possible to delay or halt the development of the condition with drugs designed to suppress the body 's immune system .
once that happens , it may be possible to delay or halt the development of the [state] with drugs designed to suppress the body 's immune system .

This condition is satisfied even though the minimum size of the oscillator is quite small ( Figure 4 ) .
this [state] is satisfied even though the minimum size of the oscillator is quite small ( figure 4 ) .

From the condition of the meat when the cages were regurgitated , he inferred that digestion was a chemical rather than a mechanical process .
from the [state] of the meat when the cages were regurgitated , he inferred that digestion was a chemical rather than a mechanical process .

Now what perplexes me about this universal condition ( perhaps the most universal of all ) is the scant attention it receives in — the literature ’ .
now what perplexes me about this universal [state] ( perhaps the most universal of all ) is the scant attention it receives in — the literature ’ .

The gregarious owls were juveniles less than a year old just coming into breeding condition , but unable to find a place to nest in the plantation .
the gregarious owls were juveniles less than a year old just coming into breeding [state] , but unable to find a place to nest in the plantation .

However , contrary to the rig 's operating manual , the centre ballast tanks had been kept full instead of empty , resulting in a ‘ condition in which a 10–15 o list could develop rapidly ’ , the board said .
however , contrary to the rig 's operating manual , the centre ballast tanks had been kept full instead of empty , resulting in a ‘ [state] in which a 10–15 o list could develop rapidly ’ , the board said .

On most sites the physical condition of the soil is ideal for plant growth and its store of nutrients ( except for nitrogen ) is comparable with many topsoils .
on most sites the physical [state] of the soil is ideal for plant growth and its store of nutrients ( except for nitrogen ) is comparable with many topsoils .

She was in truly remarkable condition .
she was in truly remarkable [state] .

The addicts thought they were injecting a synthetic heroin , instead they had given themselves a permanent Parkinson-like condition .
the addicts thought they were injecting a synthetic heroin , instead they had given themselves a permanent parkinson-like [state] .

But the main reason that trolleybuses were often preferred to buses as replacements for trams was that the electrical distribution system was still in good condition .
but the main reason that trolleybuses were often preferred to buses as replacements for trams was that the electrical distribution system was still in good [state] .

Cattle are in poor condition and many have been slaughtered ; meanwhile , the wheat crop from the latest harvest was only 8.7 million tonnes , compared with 16.5 million tonnes in 1981/82 .
cattle are in poor [state] and many have been slaughtered ; meanwhile , the wheat crop from the latest harvest was only 8.7 million tonnes , compared with 16.5 million tonnes in 1981/82 .

He would make an annual report to parliament giving the number of exemptions to the basic ‘ pain condition ’ which he had allowed in the year .
he would make an annual report to parliament giving the number of exemptions to the basic ‘ pain [state] ’ which he had allowed in the year .

The condition is , however , almost unknown among healthy men of the same age as those in the survey .
the [state] is , however , almost unknown among healthy men of the same age as those in the survey .

Melman told the tale of an American car parts manufacturer where one plant elected to perpetuate Taylorism when it installed computers , and the other agreed ( as a condition of collective bargaining ) to train workers to program , In the first plant , workers were designated ‘ operators ’ and paid $ 12–50 an hour ; when their machine malfunctions they nip the on-off switch and call in a repairman .
melman told the tale of an american car parts manufacturer where one plant elected to perpetuate taylorism when it installed computers , and the other agreed ( as a [state] of collective bargaining ) to train workers to program , in the first plant , workers were designated ‘ operators ’ and paid $ 12–50 an hour ; when their machine malfunctions they nip the on-off switch and call in a repairman .

Even when pods have to be opened in the field , to save weight on the return journey , the seeds can be kept in good condition for two weeks by packing them in damp charcoal .
even when pods have to be opened in the field , to save weight on the return journey , the seeds can be kept in good [state] for two weeks by packing them in damp charcoal .

They scaled them up nationally , using the recently-published English House Condition Survey as a back-up .
they scaled them up nationally , using the recently-published english house [state] survey as a back-up .

The English House Condition survey , which the Department of the Environment published shortly before Christmas 1982 , showed a sharp increase in the number of homes now needing £7000 or more spent on them to bring them up to an acceptable standard .
the english house [state] survey , which the department of the environment published shortly before christmas 1982 , showed a sharp increase in the number of homes now needing £7000 or more spent on them to bring them up to an acceptable standard .

Nationally , the largest number of homes in bad condition were owner-occupied , and probably reflect the difficulties that the retired home-owner faces today in trying to eke out a fixed income .
nationally , the largest number of homes in bad [state] were owner-occupied , and probably reflect the difficulties that the retired home-owner faces today in trying to eke out a fixed income .

These figures had now been revised so that a truer comparison of the housing stock 's condition could be made .
these figures had now been revised so that a truer comparison of the housing stock 's [state] could be made .

The effect on salinity caused by bringing in less-saline Mediterranean water will be to return the sea to something approaching its former condition when the River Jordan inflow was strong .
the effect on salinity caused by bringing in less-saline mediterranean water will be to return the sea to something approaching its former [state] when the river jordan inflow was strong .

Over the past few weeks , Apple has been courting the press with sneak previews of Lisa on the condition that the participants undertook not to breath a word of what they had seen until the machine was officially announced on 20 January ( simultaneously around the world ) .
over the past few weeks , apple has been courting the press with sneak previews of lisa on the [state] that the participants undertook not to breath a word of what they had seen until the machine was officially announced on 20 january ( simultaneously around the world ) .

The discovery of an animal population with a skewed sex ratio thus triggers a search for an explanation of an unnatural condition .
the discovery of an animal population with a skewed sex ratio thus triggers a search for an explanation of an unnatural [state] .

The reason became apparent when she saw a young female come into breeding condition .
the reason became apparent when she saw a young female come into breeding [state] .

This is because , should they be wounded , or should a small cut become infected , they may temporarily lose peak condition .
this is because , should they be wounded , or should a small cut become infected , they may temporarily lose peak [state] .

If the predator pounces and manages to catch hold of the tail , it quickly breaks away from the reptile 's body and , even in its severed condition , continues to writhe and twist , either on the ground or in the mouth of the triumphant killer .
if the predator pounces and manages to catch hold of the tail , it quickly breaks away from the reptile 's body and , even in its severed [state] , continues to writhe and twist , either on the ground or in the mouth of the triumphant killer .

This auto-haemorrhage , as it is called , is an astonishing refinement of the death-feigning strategy , implying that predators pay a great deal of attention to minute details of their prey 's condition .
this auto-haemorrhage , as it is called , is an astonishing refinement of the death-feigning strategy , implying that predators pay a great deal of attention to minute details of their prey 's [state] .

In this pathetic condition it is completely immune to any pain that may be inflicted upon it .
in this pathetic [state] it is completely immune to any pain that may be inflicted upon it .

They are , however , finely tuned to the parental condition of the birds .
they are , however , finely tuned to the parental [state] of the birds .

And , as if that is not enough , it causes extra problems for joints of knees , hips and lower back , causing osteoarthritis and aggravating the condition where it already exists .
and , as if that is not enough , it causes extra problems for joints of knees , hips and lower back , causing osteoarthritis and aggravating the [state] where it already exists .

It is not a disease in itself , but a condition which may give rise to problems if not controlled .
it is not a disease in itself , but a [state] which may give rise to problems if not controlled .

‘ Our outward appearance undoubtedly alters as we get older and for most people the condition of the skin and hair is the final arbiter of age . ’ Dr Miriam Stoppard , The Prime of Your Life
‘ our outward appearance undoubtedly alters as we get older and for most people the [state] of the skin and hair is the final arbiter of age . ’ dr miriam stoppard , the prime of your life

Hair sometimes changes from being dry to becoming greasy at this age but as likely as not will revert later to its usual condition .
hair sometimes changes from being dry to becoming greasy at this age but as likely as not will revert later to its usual [state] .

Baby shampoo is excellent — and cheap — for fine or out of condition hair .
baby shampoo is excellent — and cheap — for fine or out of [state] hair .

Positive suggestions about diet and a cleansing routine may improve the condition and boost morale while the spots last .
positive suggestions about diet and a cleansing routine may improve the [state] and boost morale while the spots last .

In this respect the ‘ condition ’ calls for the same personal discipline as a celibate single life .
in this respect the ‘ [state] ’ calls for the same personal discipline as a celibate single life .

Their initial closure decision was made on three grounds , according to the minutes : the expected financial savings of about £3,000 ; consideration of the good condition and underused capacity of the school building at Green Haven , as opposed to the poor condition of the older building at Village ( whose toilet facilities were located in an out-building at the school ) ; and the Director 's feeling that the ‘ educational situation ’ would be better at Green Haven .
their initial closure decision was made on three grounds , according to the minutes : the expected financial savings of about £3,000 ; consideration of the good [state] and underused capacity of the school building at green haven , as opposed to the poor [state] of the older building at village ( whose toilet facilities were located in an out-building at the school ) ; and the director 's feeling that the ‘ educational situation ’ would be better at green haven .

condition of the buildings ;
[state] of the buildings ;

To James McGuire , their eldest son , he gave an estate at Houston , in Renfrewshire , and an unknown substantial sum of money , on condition that he changed his name to James McGuire Macrae .
to james mcguire , their eldest son , he gave an estate at houston , in renfrewshire , and an unknown substantial sum of money , on [state] that he changed his name to james mcguire macrae .

Within a few hours , a team of very brave men descended into the crater and entered the workings where the disaster had begun ; the danger of further subsidence from the surface and the extremely unsafe condition of the underground workings meant that they were knowingly putting their lives at risk .
within a few hours , a team of very brave men descended into the crater and entered the workings where the disaster had begun ; the danger of further subsidence from the surface and the extremely unsafe [state] of the underground workings meant that they were knowingly putting their lives at risk .

If any man collapsed , his condition would not be allowed to interfere with the operation .
if any man collapsed , his [state] would not be allowed to interfere with the operation .

The clan chiefs who had taken part against the King were offered pardons on condition that each took an oath of allegiance to King William before 1st January , 1692 .
the clan chiefs who had taken part against the king were offered pardons on [state] that each took an oath of allegiance to king william before 1st january , 1692 .

Another factor in the slowing of the rescue work was the condition of the air in which the men had to work .
another factor in the slowing of the rescue work was the [state] of the air in which the men had to work .

Workers were brought in from all of the Eglinton properties to repair the damage of the first day and to improve the condition of the lists .
workers were brought in from all of the eglinton properties to repair the damage of the first day and to improve the [state] of the lists .

It would seem that these moves , the deification of Jesus Christ , and the introduction of the Holy Ghost , were the outcome of the obstinate intention to apply to the new religion the utterly unalterable condition that the ancient ‘ god ’ of the original scriptures must , at all costs be retained .
it would seem that these moves , the deification of jesus christ , and the introduction of the holy ghost , were the outcome of the obstinate intention to apply to the new religion the utterly unalterable [state] that the ancient ‘ god ’ of the original scriptures must , at all costs be retained .

This is not a satisfactory state of affairs as far as a religion is concerned , and when this condition is reached it is in decline .
this is not a satisfactory state of affairs as far as a religion is concerned , and when this [state] is reached it is in decline .

This is a condition brought about by the combined effect of evolution and civilisation and for everyone it is quite unavoidable .
this is a [state] brought about by the combined effect of evolution and civilisation and for everyone it is quite unavoidable .

The sobering thought emerges here that , although it is contended that ‘ evil ’ did not exist before ‘ civilisation ’ , once it had been established it could nevertheless exist in a reversal of the civilising process right back to a restoration of the pre-life condition of the earth .
the sobering thought emerges here that , although it is contended that ‘ evil ’ did not exist before ‘ civilisation ’ , once it had been established it could nevertheless exist in a reversal of the civilising process right back to a restoration of the pre-life [state] of the earth .

The resulting human condition , forever changing , is the product of life , not of a ‘ god ’ of pre-life origin .
the resulting human [state] , forever changing , is the product of life , not of a ‘ god ’ of pre-life origin .

The canonising of many of these into ‘ sainthood ’ , and its corresponding condition within non-Christian religions puts them temporarily into a surrogate position relative to the Created God , which is similar to that into which Jesus Christ may be put .
the canonising of many of these into ‘ sainthood ’ , and its corresponding [state] within non-christian religions puts them temporarily into a surrogate position relative to the created god , which is similar to that into which jesus christ may be put .

‘ This is a good place to sit down and a good time to sit , ’ said the Friar , ‘ for judging from the condition of the sun , we should eat a little .
‘ this is a good place to sit down and a good time to sit , ’ said the friar , ‘ for judging from the [state] of the sun , we should eat a little .

This was the night when Marian and Allen slept little and Hugh 's condition became serious .
this was the night when marian and allen slept little and hugh 's [state] became serious .

The survival of many stone walls and buildings , and especially churches , from the centuries of this book , testifies that even before the mid twelfth century their wealth and pride and religious sentiment were sufficient to beautify them in lasting materials — and often , and especially with the smaller ones , their condition reflects the declining prosperity of later centuries which saved their older buildings from being replaced .
the survival of many stone walls and buildings , and especially churches , from the centuries of this book , testifies that even before the mid twelfth century their wealth and pride and religious sentiment were sufficient to beautify them in lasting materials — and often , and especially with the smaller ones , their [state] reflects the declining prosperity of later centuries which saved their older buildings from being replaced .

It would be a pity because these books have something special to say about the human condition , about being human beings , and about the power of words and images .
it would be a pity because these books have something special to say about the human [state] , about being human beings , and about the power of words and images .

The wisdom of this choice is confirmed by the excellent condition of the pilot tunnel dug during the 1880s which has been incorporated in the Eurotunnel 's design .
the wisdom of this choice is confirmed by the excellent [state] of the pilot tunnel dug during the 1880s which has been incorporated in the eurotunnel 's design .

with jobs such as schedules of dilapidations , condition surveys , site surveys and design work , the detailed work programme should be regularly monitored for progress .
with jobs such as schedules of dilapidations , [state] surveys , site surveys and design work , the detailed work programme should be regularly monitored for progress .

For example , permission to carry out development can not be completely frustrated by the terms of the condition .
for example , permission to carry out development can not be completely frustrated by the terms of the [state] .

The question of whether an authority is exceeding its power in imposing a particular condition on a planning permission — ultra vires , as the law puts it — and what happens when ultra vires , is easily stated but difficult to determine in practice .
the question of whether an authority is exceeding its power in imposing a particular [state] on a planning permission — ultra vires , as the law puts it — and what happens when ultra vires , is easily stated but difficult to determine in practice .

The courts have developed criteria against which to judge a condition , the main elements being : does the condition fairly relate to the development in question ?
the courts have developed criteria against which to judge a [state] , the main elements being : does the [state] fairly relate to the development in question ?

If a condition is ultra vires , the second question is , what happens to the consent ?
if a [state] is ultra vires , the second question is , what happens to the consent ?

Broadly , if the courts believe the authority would still have granted the consent if they had known that they could not have imposed the condition in question , the permission stands without the offending condition , but if the answer is that they probably would not , then the permission itself falls .
broadly , if the courts believe the authority would still have granted the consent if they had known that they could not have imposed the [state] in question , the permission stands without the offending [state] , but if the answer is that they probably would not , then the permission itself falls .

Any applicant who is aggrieved either by a refusal or a condition on a permission can appeal to the Secretary of State who , in effect , considers the whole application afresh .
any applicant who is aggrieved either by a refusal or a [state] on a permission can appeal to the secretary of state who , in effect , considers the whole application afresh .

Where the appeal is in respect of a condition , in particular , he can refuse the whole application .
where the appeal is in respect of a [state] , in particular , he can refuse the whole application .

The developer may , for example , be very happy to improve a road junction as an essential prerequisite to his proposed development , but often this can not be assured by a condition .
the developer may , for example , be very happy to improve a road junction as an essential prerequisite to his proposed development , but often this can not be assured by a [state] .

Therefore the condition of equilibrium between the two departments is that an exchange should take place , and that IIc = Iv + Is .
therefore the [state] of equilibrium between the two departments is that an exchange should take place , and that iic = iv + is .

And this is the basic condition for equilibrium assuming extended reproduction .
and this is the basic [state] for equilibrium assuming extended reproduction .

As a preliminary statement we can say that the equation : is at best only ever achieved as a momentary or fleeting condition .
as a preliminary statement we can say that the equation : is at best only ever achieved as a momentary or fleeting [state] .

This being the case , a crisis of capitalist economy is not a crisis of society in terms of the catastrophic visions of some of the early Marxists , but , on the contrary , crisis is a normal condition of its longer term equilibrium .
this being the case , a crisis of capitalist economy is not a crisis of society in terms of the catastrophic visions of some of the early marxists , but , on the contrary , crisis is a normal [state] of its longer term equilibrium .

Moreover , even today allowing for the enormous growth in monopoly , or oligopoly , in the advanced capitalist countries , the national economies have not yet reached that condition of ‘ rationality ’ or planning in production that Bukharin assumed had been already achieved .
moreover , even today allowing for the enormous growth in monopoly , or oligopoly , in the advanced capitalist countries , the national economies have not yet reached that [state] of ‘ rationality ’ or planning in production that bukharin assumed had been already achieved .

On the contrary its development is an essential condition for the growth of our heavy industry … The extraction of an additional amount of products from this sphere pre-supposes its growth , which — temporarily , in the present phases of development — is none other than the growth of bourgeois relations .
on the contrary its development is an essential [state] for the growth of our heavy industry … the extraction of an additional amount of products from this sphere pre-supposes its growth , which — temporarily , in the present phases of development — is none other than the growth of bourgeois relations .

Secondly , given the condition of expanded reproduction , a part of the social surplus-value will be embodied in use-values whose material form makes them suitable for use as means of production , i.e .
secondly , given the [state] of expanded reproduction , a part of the social surplus-value will be embodied in use-values whose material form makes them suitable for use as means of production , i.e .

Bukharin commented that ‘ the law of proportional labour expenditure or , for short the ‘ law of labour expenditure ’ is a necessary condition of social equilibrium in all and every socio-historical structure .
bukharin commented that ‘ the law of proportional labour expenditure or , for short the ‘ law of labour expenditure ’ is a necessary [state] of social equilibrium in all and every socio-historical structure .

By the end of the evening he described his voice as being in the most distressing condition , the problem had returned so acutely that he was hardly able to speak .
by the end of the evening he described his voice as being in the most distressing [state] , the problem had returned so acutely that he was hardly able to speak .

He found that he was unable to do anything to improve the condition of his larynx or his breathing , but he was able to stop pulling his head back .
he found that he was unable to do anything to improve the [state] of his larynx or his breathing , but he was able to stop pulling his head back .

Alexander often referred to this condition as the ‘ mind-wandering habit ’ which will often lead us to use our bodies in a very uncoordinated way , without even realizing it .
alexander often referred to this [state] as the ‘ mind-wandering habit ’ which will often lead us to use our bodies in a very uncoordinated way , without even realizing it .

Most people are just given pain-killers to cope with the condition .
most people are just given pain-killers to cope with the [state] .

Moreover , his system has a reflex result upon the mind of the patient , and a general condition of buoyancy and freedom , and indeed of gaiety of spirit takes the place of the old jaded mental position .
moreover , his system has a reflex result upon the mind of the patient , and a general [state] of buoyancy and freedom , and indeed of gaiety of spirit takes the place of the old jaded mental position .

He called this very common human condition ‘ our faulty sensory perception ’ .
he called this very common human [state] ‘ our faulty sensory perception ’ .

This is an extremely painful condition .
this is an extremely painful [state] .

He referred to this condition as the ‘ mind-wandering habit ’ .
he referred to this [state] as the ‘ mind-wandering habit ’ .

It was in terrible condition .
it was in terrible [state] .

The four-year-old car looks in remarkably good condition given its mileage .
the four-year-old car looks in remarkably good [state] given its mileage .

More than 25 historic buildings and features are gradually being returned to their original condition to house the museum 's collection of more than 30 aircraft , cars and motorcycles with Brooklands connections .
more than 25 historic buildings and features are gradually being returned to their original [state] to house the museum 's collection of more than 30 aircraft , cars and motorcycles with brooklands connections .

They employ two rangers to look after the district 's 1,200 footpaths , and work with farmers and landowners to make sure these well-used rights of way are kept in good condition .
they employ two rangers to look after the district 's 1,200 footpaths , and work with farmers and landowners to make sure these well-used rights of way are kept in good [state] .

Winchester city councillor Major Dougie Covill requested that more pressure be put upon the county council to improve the footpaths and pavements which are in a very dangerous condition , and a Broad Street businessman wondered if residents were really aware of the changes going on in Broad Street , and the manner in which they were to be undertaken .
winchester city councillor major dougie covill requested that more pressure be put upon the county council to improve the footpaths and pavements which are in a very dangerous [state] , and a broad street businessman wondered if residents were really aware of the changes going on in broad street , and the manner in which they were to be undertaken .

It was here that they were found , over 30,000 of them , stored in boxes and covered in dust , some of them in a poor condition .
it was here that they were found , over 30,000 of them , stored in boxes and covered in dust , some of them in a poor [state] .

His condition creates a crisis of conscience amongst medical staff — should a patient with a terminal condition really be allowed to take up already over-subscribed resources ?
his [state] creates a crisis of conscience amongst medical staff — should a patient with a terminal [state] really be allowed to take up already over-subscribed resources ?

Such a condition also makes living organisms highly sensitive to their environment , reflecting the characteristics of mind and consciousness themselves .
such a [state] also makes living organisms highly sensitive to their environment , reflecting the characteristics of mind and consciousness themselves .

And perhaps the light from those ears of corn which are in just the right condition for her to lay her eggs , fluoresce in a particular manner , recognizing which from her own inward pre-patterned instincts , she homes in and deposits her eggs .
and perhaps the light from those ears of corn which are in just the right [state] for her to lay her eggs , fluoresce in a particular manner , recognizing which from her own inward pre-patterned instincts , she homes in and deposits her eggs .

Other creatures , according to their own tattvic tapestry , will have communications to make to each other which reflect that inward condition .
other creatures , according to their own tattvic tapestry , will have communications to make to each other which reflect that inward [state] .

The harmony is such that man is even said to live , in a much etherealized condition , for 100,000 years .
the harmony is such that man is even said to live , in a much etherealized [state] , for 100,000 years .

The condition of the physical universe deteriorates .
the [state] of the physical universe deteriorates .

Very different from man 's condition .
very different from man 's [state] .

In fact , it is this mental or auric vibration which shamans and herbalists feel when deciding which herbs are appropriate for which people and which condition .
in fact , it is this mental or auric vibration which shamans and herbalists feel when deciding which herbs are appropriate for which people and which [state] .

Scored for flute , viola and harp , it is alternately perky and elegiac in mood , reflecting the happier circumstances of its composition — and Zeisl 's knowledge of the heart condition that was to kill him three years later .
scored for flute , viola and harp , it is alternately perky and elegiac in mood , reflecting the happier circumstances of its composition — and zeisl 's knowledge of the heart [state] that was to kill him three years later .

During a five-day fast , Joanna showed a ‘ very marked improvement in her condition ’ and when subsequently challenged with individual foods , she responded sharply to some but not others .
during a five-day fast , joanna showed a ‘ very marked improvement in her [state] ’ and when subsequently challenged with individual foods , she responded sharply to some but not others .

Robert Meister in his book Hypochondria writes : ‘ Those physicians who shrug off a suffering patient because they regard his condition as psychosomatic or hypochondriacal are not acting as professional healers … The cultural and social norms that affect considerations of health and illness have established what might be called an unspoken ‘ Acceptability Index ’ of various forms of illness .
robert meister in his book hypochondria writes : ‘ those physicians who shrug off a suffering patient because they regard his [state] as psychosomatic or hypochondriacal are not acting as professional healers … the cultural and social norms that affect considerations of health and illness have established what might be called an unspoken ‘ acceptability index ’ of various forms of illness .

On such an index , bacterial pneumonia , which is regarded as a ‘ real ’ illness , would indubitably outrank peptic ulcers , which are viewed suspiciously as being of psychosomatic ’ origin , and all illnesses known to man would outrank hypochondria … The prevailing negative attitudes towards hypochondria are largely unexplained , unjustified and certainly unjust to victims of the condition .
on such an index , bacterial pneumonia , which is regarded as a ‘ real ’ illness , would indubitably outrank peptic ulcers , which are viewed suspiciously as being of psychosomatic ’ origin , and all illnesses known to man would outrank hypochondria … the prevailing negative attitudes towards hypochondria are largely unexplained , unjustified and certainly unjust to victims of the [state] .

For such people , the symptoms are indispensable and the best hope is to keep the condition within limits so that it causes the least possible disruption to the patient and his family .
for such people , the symptoms are indispensable and the best hope is to keep the [state] within limits so that it causes the least possible disruption to the patient and his family .

Although not all doctors would agree that restless legs are attributable to caffeine , anyone suffering this condition should try avoiding caffeine for a while to see if it makes any difference .
although not all doctors would agree that restless legs are attributable to caffeine , anyone suffering this [state] should try avoiding caffeine for a while to see if it makes any difference .

One study of Parkinson 's disease , an incurable nervous condition , showed that the use of garden pesticides was associated with a higher incidence of the disease .
one study of parkinson 's disease , an incurable nervous [state] , showed that the use of garden pesticides was associated with a higher incidence of the disease .

‘ We in the West regard infant crying as normal , and in a thousand different ways condition our children to associate babies with bawling .
‘ we in the west regard infant crying as normal , and in a thousand different ways [state] our children to associate babies with bawling .

The proper name for Matthew 's condition is the hyperkinetic syndrome — although hyperactivity is often used as a diagnostic label , it is actually just one aspect of that syndrome .
the proper name for matthew 's [state] is the hyperkinetic syndrome — although hyperactivity is often used as a diagnostic label , it is actually just one aspect of that syndrome .

Much to my surprise she agreed , on condition that we had separate rooms and made our own travel arrangements .
much to my surprise she agreed , on [state] that we had separate rooms and made our own travel arrangements .

The official explanation was that the car contained instruments for monitoring the condition of the track .
the official explanation was that the car contained instruments for monitoring the [state] of the track .

Some intrinsic proteins require a fluid environment for their activity , while others operate in a fixed , immobile , condition .
some intrinsic proteins require a fluid environment for their activity , while others operate in a fixed , immobile , [state] .

Burke was not in the best of condition and had lost his fighting spirit because of his troubles with Byrne and O'Rourke .
burke was not in the best of [state] and had lost his fighting spirit because of his troubles with byrne and o'rourke .

An alert cat has fully-opened eyes and this is the condition that is always maintained in the presence of strangers , who are not entirely trusted by the cat .
an alert cat has fully-opened eyes and this is the [state] that is always maintained in the presence of strangers , who are not entirely trusted by the cat .

In addition to the familiar tail-wagging of a cat in a conflict , there are a number of other tail-signals that indicate the changing moods of the pet feline as it goes about its business . Each tail movement or posture tells us ( and other cats ) something about the animal 's emotional condition and it is possible to draw up a ‘ de-coding key ’ , as follows :
in addition to the familiar tail-wagging of a cat in a conflict , there are a number of other tail-signals that indicate the changing moods of the pet feline as it goes about its business . each tail movement or posture tells us ( and other cats ) something about the animal 's emotional [state] and it is possible to draw up a ‘ de-coding key ’ , as follows :

After eating its mouse , the cat may start to vomit , froth at the mouth and stagger about in a confused condition .
after eating its mouse , the cat may start to vomit , froth at the mouth and stagger about in a confused [state] .

Teeth are useless here and these important parts of the body can not be kept in perfect condition with only clawless feet to groom them .
teeth are useless here and these important parts of the body can not be kept in perfect [state] with only clawless feet to groom them .

It is one of the basic rules of reproductive behaviour that the condition of pregnancy suppresses a female 's sexual physiology , but female cats break this golden rule .
it is one of the basic rules of reproductive behaviour that the [state] of pregnancy suppresses a female 's sexual physiology , but female cats break this golden rule .

There are now two breeds of cat available that do not appear to cause allergic responses , which with an ordinary cat would lead to breathing difficulties and an asthmatic condition .
there are now two breeds of cat available that do not appear to cause allergic responses , which with an ordinary cat would lead to breathing difficulties and an asthmatic [state] .

In reality , the tailless condition is a genetic deformity of a rather serious kind .
in reality , the tailless [state] is a genetic deformity of a rather serious kind .

In severe cases it gives rise to the condition known as spina bifida .
in severe cases it gives rise to the [state] known as spina bifida .

This seems to have begun in London where there were countless scruffy alley-cats whose poor condition doubtless led to the comparison with ‘ dishevelled old women ’ .
this seems to have begun in london where there were countless scruffy alley-cats whose poor [state] doubtless led to the comparison with ‘ dishevelled old women ’ .

— ‘ High forest ’ refers to management aims rather than present condition , so that a young plantation is included in the ‘ high forest ’ category .
— ‘ high forest ’ refers to management aims rather than present [state] , so that a young plantation is included in the ‘ high forest ’ category .

If you have any continuing illness or condition or if you are registered as a disabled person you should make an early appointment with one of the doctors .
if you have any continuing illness or [state] or if you are registered as a disabled person you should make an early appointment with one of the doctors .

Individual care is based on an understanding of the social , psychological and physical condition of the patient .
individual care is based on an understanding of the social , psychological and physical [state] of the patient .

This , then is the first condition for successful objectives — lack of ambiguity .
this , then is the first [state] for successful objectives — lack of ambiguity .

The second condition is that it must specify the conditions under which the behaviour will occur .
the second [state] is that it must specify the conditions under which the behaviour will occur .

In the latter case , the nurse is free to choose which post-operative condition she is to work on .
in the latter case , the nurse is free to choose which post-operative [state] she is to work on .

Plan and execute the post-operative care for a second patient ( different condition ) ( synthesis )
plan and execute the post-operative care for a second patient ( different [state] ) ( synthesis )

The second condition is that repetition or practice of this pairing was necessary .
the second [state] is that repetition or practice of this pairing was necessary .

It seems that anxious people condition most easily and it is thought that irrational fears are established in this way .
it seems that anxious people [state] most easily and it is thought that irrational fears are established in this way .

Successful nursing depends very largely on the nurse 's ability to deal effectively with information received through the senses , whether it is obtained by formal means , such as taking blood-pressure , temperatures and so on or by informal means such as noticing changes in the patient 's condition during bed-making .
successful nursing depends very largely on the nurse 's ability to deal effectively with information received through the senses , whether it is obtained by formal means , such as taking blood-pressure , temperatures and so on or by informal means such as noticing changes in the patient 's [state] during bed-making .

The third necessary condition is the provision of various forms of feedback to the student .
the third necessary [state] is the provision of various forms of feedback to the student .

When teaching theatre nursing , in the accident and emergency department and in other situations where teaching is dictated by the medical condition of the patient , the student is learning established solutions to problems .
when teaching theatre nursing , in the accident and emergency department and in other situations where teaching is dictated by the medical [state] of the patient , the student is learning established solutions to problems .

This type of sequence could be used to build up a picture of a patient suffering from a specific condition .
this type of sequence could be used to build up a picture of a patient suffering from a specific [state] .

‘ Few projects for amending the condition of the needy , and for the reduction of parish rates , would be so beneficially devised as to build lodging houses in places where they were likely to be let : and in what way could money be more securely deposited than by a general subscription , in shares of fifty or one hundred pounds each : five thousand pounds would build a number of houses , worth from five to twenty-five pounds per annum , or double that sum if furnished . ’
‘ few projects for amending the [state] of the needy , and for the reduction of parish rates , would be so beneficially devised as to build lodging houses in places where they were likely to be let : and in what way could money be more securely deposited than by a general subscription , in shares of fifty or one hundred pounds each : five thousand pounds would build a number of houses , worth from five to twenty-five pounds per annum , or double that sum if furnished . ’

Two-thirds of women working in the public services are members of a scheme , and joining is generally a condition of employment .
two-thirds of women working in the public services are members of a scheme , and joining is generally a [state] of employment .

Local groups also hold meetings with speakers at which those caring for relatives or friends with the condition can learn more .
local groups also hold meetings with speakers at which those caring for relatives or friends with the [state] can learn more .

Diverticular disease is a condition of the bowel caused by abnormal activity of the bowel wall when your diet contains insufficient fibre .
diverticular disease is a [state] of the bowel caused by abnormal activity of the bowel wall when your diet contains insufficient fibre .

The fall in oestrogen levels during the menopause affects the layers of cells in the vagina so that they become thinner , with less lubrication and elasticity and intercourse can become painful , making the vagina sore ( a condition called dyspareunia ) .
the fall in oestrogen levels during the menopause affects the layers of cells in the vagina so that they become thinner , with less lubrication and elasticity and intercourse can become painful , making the vagina sore ( a [state] called dyspareunia ) .

Brittle bones is a condition that affects all older people to some degree , but post-menopausal women in particular ; and it is the reason why they break their bones so easily if they fall .
brittle bones is a [state] that affects all older people to some degree , but post-menopausal women in particular ; and it is the reason why they break their bones so easily if they fall .

, the entire Railway , engines , coaches , track , stations and equipment , have all been restored from total dereliction to their present condition , a remarkable example of what can be achieved by qualified volunteers .
, the entire railway , engines , coaches , track , stations and equipment , have all been restored from total dereliction to their present [state] , a remarkable example of what can be achieved by qualified volunteers .

Fully roofed and in excellent condition !
fully roofed and in excellent [state] !

Her father had a chronic heart condition as a result of which Pamela had come to feel that she could not discuss problems with him .
her father had a chronic heart [state] as a result of which pamela had come to feel that she could not discuss problems with him .

Are you trying to deny you 're responsible for her condition ?
are you trying to deny you 're responsible for her [state] ?

The physical and emotional condition of a new resident .
the physical and emotional [state] of a new resident .

Read their notes and check for any change in their condition .
read their notes and check for any change in their [state] .

Laxatives upset normal bowel-emptying patterns and can make the condition harder to treat .
laxatives upset normal bowel-emptying patterns and can make the [state] harder to treat .

People who are especially at risk include those who are unable to move , perhaps because of a stroke , those with contracted limbs which could be a result of an arthritic condition , people with a known skin condition or allergy and those who are debilitated or undernourished , where there is little flesh between the skin and the bone .
people who are especially at risk include those who are unable to move , perhaps because of a stroke , those with contracted limbs which could be a result of an arthritic [state] , people with a known skin [state] or allergy and those who are debilitated or undernourished , where there is little flesh between the skin and the bone .

All changes in the patient 's condition should be monitored and recorded in the care plan .
all changes in the patient 's [state] should be monitored and recorded in the care plan .

The resident 's general condition becomes weaker and they may find it difficult to breathe .
the resident 's general [state] becomes weaker and they may find it difficult to breathe .

This means that even in old age , we are able to recover at least partially from what might look like an incurable condition .
this means that even in old age , we are able to recover at least partially from what might look like an incurable [state] .

The Scout Law was , after all , ‘ a statement of a moral condition ’ .
the scout law was , after all , ‘ a statement of a moral [state] ’ .

It is the poverty of their own life which makes the poor content to inhabit ‘ unthinkable ’ houses … which makes so many careless of cleanliness , listless about the unhealthy condition of their workshops , and heedless of anything beyond the enjoyment of a moment 's excitement … Such poverty of life can best be removed by contact with those who possess the means of higher life .
it is the poverty of their own life which makes the poor content to inhabit ‘ unthinkable ’ houses … which makes so many careless of cleanliness , listless about the unhealthy [state] of their workshops , and heedless of anything beyond the enjoyment of a moment 's excitement … such poverty of life can best be removed by contact with those who possess the means of higher life .

Thus while the committees hoped their work would act as an antidote to the apparent tendency ‘ to reduce workpeople to the mental condition of animated machines ’ , they also sought to encourage an all-round improvement in efficiency and a training designed to develop ‘ the habit of regular industry … a healthy growth in mind and body ’ , the inculcation of thrift , and the ever popular ‘ discipline ’ .
thus while the committees hoped their work would act as an antidote to the apparent tendency ‘ to reduce workpeople to the mental [state] of animated machines ’ , they also sought to encourage an all-round improvement in efficiency and a training designed to develop ‘ the habit of regular industry … a healthy growth in mind and body ’ , the inculcation of thrift , and the ever popular ‘ discipline ’ .

But while young people were being sent to ‘ blind-alley ’ and other unskilled vacancies , the exchanges could do little to alter the condition of the juvenile labour-market since ‘ wider knowledge of possibilities and prospects ’ could not offset demand .
but while young people were being sent to ‘ blind-alley ’ and other unskilled vacancies , the exchanges could do little to alter the [state] of the juvenile labour-market since ‘ wider knowledge of possibilities and prospects ’ could not offset demand .

The idea of ‘ humanism ’ had been raised in the report of the Consultative Committee when it warned : ‘ That the schools should humanise their pupils is an indispensable condition to their being able to impart true economic efficiency .
the idea of ‘ humanism ’ had been raised in the report of the consultative committee when it warned : ‘ that the schools should humanise their pupils is an indispensable [state] to their being able to impart true economic efficiency .

The answer , as far as ‘ boy labour ’ reformers were concerned , lay in their perceptions of the condition of the juvenile labour-market , which meant ‘ the apprenticeship question ’ , the influence of machinery , and the relation of ‘ boy labour ’ to the problem of unemployment .
the answer , as far as ‘ boy labour ’ reformers were concerned , lay in their perceptions of the [state] of the juvenile labour-market , which meant ‘ the apprenticeship question ’ , the influence of machinery , and the relation of ‘ boy labour ’ to the problem of unemployment .

Psychology had sanctified the charge that youthful rebellion was evidence of the ‘ natural ’ condition of adolescence .
psychology had sanctified the charge that youthful rebellion was evidence of the ‘ natural ’ [state] of adolescence .

In recent months , the physical condition of equipment and buildings has deteriorated alarmingly , due to lack of maintenance , and due also to the lack of basic expenditure on light , water , security guards , chalk , stationery , publications and books … In both central and regional offices staff members who provide technical and administrative support to educational centres are semi-paralysed in their work by lack of transport , of travel allowances , petrol and educational materials .
in recent months , the physical [state] of equipment and buildings has deteriorated alarmingly , due to lack of maintenance , and due also to the lack of basic expenditure on light , water , security guards , chalk , stationery , publications and books … in both central and regional offices staff members who provide technical and administrative support to educational centres are semi-paralysed in their work by lack of transport , of travel allowances , petrol and educational materials .

The steward was not left to mourn that his bottles found no custom : there was treating and return treating , and one humble Highlander who could sing Gaelic songs was made the sink into which was poured the spirits bought by sundry odd pence ; and , to the satisfaction of those who deem it a noble accomplishment the filling a man drunk , this Celt was brought into that pitiable condition , and manifested the power of the spirits over his brain in rather a curious way , — he was for kissing all round .
the steward was not left to mourn that his bottles found no custom : there was treating and return treating , and one humble highlander who could sing gaelic songs was made the sink into which was poured the spirits bought by sundry odd pence ; and , to the satisfaction of those who deem it a noble accomplishment the filling a man drunk , this celt was brought into that pitiable [state] , and manifested the power of the spirits over his brain in rather a curious way , — he was for kissing all round .

Let us return now to the policy question : how well do death rates predict sickness , the condition that requires the cash ? Forster is right that the correlation between the variables is far from perfect ; the data points are spread quite widely to either side of the line .
let us return now to the policy question : how well do death rates predict sickness , the [state] that requires the cash ? forster is right that the correlation between the variables is far from perfect ; the data points are spread quite widely to either side of the line .

The authors ' argument may be put more technically now : they suggested that there was an interaction in the effect that certain provoking agents had upon the risk of clinical depression ; these agents operated much more strongly on women who were in a vulnerable condition than on those who were not .
the authors ' argument may be put more technically now : they suggested that there was an interaction in the effect that certain provoking agents had upon the risk of clinical depression ; these agents operated much more strongly on women who were in a vulnerable [state] than on those who were not .

The goalkeeper 's agony is a specifically Scottish condition .
the goalkeeper 's agony is a specifically scottish [state] .

The sympathetic voices preferred to argue that Charlie 's champagne bubble had burst and he had been smitten by the sentimental Scottish condition called homesickness .
the sympathetic voices preferred to argue that charlie 's champagne bubble had burst and he had been smitten by the sentimental scottish [state] called homesickness .

According to Shepherd these users share a common need for up-to-date information on the amount , capacity and condition of urban land , transport networks , utilities , hospitals , schools and other major communal facilities .
according to shepherd these users share a common need for up-to-date information on the amount , capacity and [state] of urban land , transport networks , utilities , hospitals , schools and other major communal facilities .

Apart from asking Burton about his proposals , it heard about the poor structural condition of the Foreign Office from Seward .
apart from asking burton about his proposals , it heard about the poor structural [state] of the foreign office from seward .

The Condition of the Old Foreign Office
the [state] of the old foreign office

On 27th December , 1858 , Hammond had requested a report on the condition of the old Foreign Office , which Phipps carried out and submitted to Manners on 12th January 1859 .
on 27th december , 1858 , hammond had requested a report on the [state] of the old foreign office , which phipps carried out and submitted to manners on 12th january 1859 .

Both China and India were signatories , but only on condition that they received substantial assistance from the West ( both financial and technological ) to ensure that they were not penalized economically for having to use the more expensive alternatives to CFCs .
both china and india were signatories , but only on [state] that they received substantial assistance from the west ( both financial and technological ) to ensure that they were not penalized economically for having to use the more expensive alternatives to cfcs .

At a domestic level , fire can be prevented by maintaining equipment in a safe working condition , for example repairing frayed flexes , avoiding trailing flexes , ensuring that electrical circuits are not overloaded , having fires adequately guarded , and using self-extinguishing devices for movable articles which can be knocked over with relative ease such as oil lamps and oil-heaters .
at a domestic level , fire can be prevented by maintaining equipment in a safe working [state] , for example repairing frayed flexes , avoiding trailing flexes , ensuring that electrical circuits are not overloaded , having fires adequately guarded , and using self-extinguishing devices for movable articles which can be knocked over with relative ease such as oil lamps and oil-heaters .

Over a 16-month period , 296 accidents were reported and of these , 285 were falls ( 3 were scalds , and 8 were abrasions caused by wheelchairs ) and the falls were most likely to occur among those who had suffered previous falls indoors , frequently because of impaired gait and balance , associated usually with a pathological condition .
over a 16-month period , 296 accidents were reported and of these , 285 were falls ( 3 were scalds , and 8 were abrasions caused by wheelchairs ) and the falls were most likely to occur among those who had suffered previous falls indoors , frequently because of impaired gait and balance , associated usually with a pathological [state] .

The patient , however , rather than succumbing to a nosocomial infection , may have an infectious condition when admitted and probably will be anxious about infecting others .
the patient , however , rather than succumbing to a nosocomial infection , may have an infectious [state] when admitted and probably will be anxious about infecting others .

Such people need help in maintaining their environment in a condition which is safe for them until their mood improves .
such people need help in maintaining their environment in a [state] which is safe for them until their mood improves .

If someone ‘ recovers ’ from their arthritic condition but later develops a heart condition then , in reality , they never recovered at all but the focus of their disease shifted from a more superficial to a deeper level .
if someone ‘ recovers ’ from their arthritic [state] but later develops a heart [state] then , in reality , they never recovered at all but the focus of their disease shifted from a more superficial to a deeper level .

This natural sequence of events is frequently obscured when the condition is treated without taking the constitution into account .
this natural sequence of events is frequently obscured when the [state] is treated without taking the constitution into account .

If the condition is a recurrent one such as migraine or period pains , it is perfectly possible to use a book like this to find remedies that will give relief each time the pain occurs but it will not prevent the pain recurring next time .
if the [state] is a recurrent one such as migraine or period pains , it is perfectly possible to use a book like this to find remedies that will give relief each time the pain occurs but it will not prevent the pain recurring next time .

In order to bring about a deterioration in the patient 's condition with low potency remedies one would have to keep on repeating the wrong remedy many times and even then it is unlikely that much would happen unless the patient were particularly frail and weak , in which case they should be having constitutional treatment to boost their overall state and not ‘ first aid ’ treatment for the little bits that go wrong .
in order to bring about a deterioration in the patient 's [state] with low potency remedies one would have to keep on repeating the wrong remedy many times and even then it is unlikely that much would happen unless the patient were particularly frail and weak , in which case they should be having constitutional treatment to boost their overall state and not ‘ first aid ’ treatment for the little bits that go wrong .

This is not a guide as to when to call on expert medical advice which should always be determined by the condition of the patient and carried out at whatever stage you would normally call upon such help whether or not you are treating them with Homoeopathic remedies .
this is not a guide as to when to call on expert medical advice which should always be determined by the [state] of the patient and carried out at whatever stage you would normally call upon such help whether or not you are treating them with homoeopathic remedies .

You should not worry if part of the pill comes out as well , just wait and watch the child 's condition .
you should not worry if part of the pill comes out as well , just wait and watch the child 's [state] .

Complete books have been written on this subject which will give much more information about when a condition is likely to be serious or not .
complete books have been written on this subject which will give much more information about when a [state] is likely to be serious or not .

Whilst each episode of cystitis may be helped by remedies selected from these tables , the tendency for the condition to recur is unlikely to be affected .
whilst each episode of cystitis may be helped by remedies selected from these tables , the tendency for the [state] to recur is unlikely to be affected .

This condition often arises when the system is out of balance .
this [state] often arises when the system is out of balance .

Complete books have been written on this subject which will give much more information about when a condition is likely to be serious or not .
complete books have been written on this subject which will give much more information about when a [state] is likely to be serious or not .

Other remedies will be needed if Aconite does not suffice and the condition lingers or continues on for more than a day or so .
other remedies will be needed if aconite does not suffice and the [state] lingers or continues on for more than a day or so .

The sweat usually ameliorates ( > ) the condition ( like Natrum mur ) .
the sweat usually ameliorates ( > ) the [state] ( like natrum mur ) .

Bronchitis of children with coarse rattling , coughing , gagging and a sense of suffocation , weight and anxiety in the chest , after a rapid onset and they look dreadfully sick , drawn and pale ; the condition has come on rapidly .
bronchitis of children with coarse rattling , coughing , gagging and a sense of suffocation , weight and anxiety in the chest , after a rapid onset and they look dreadfully sick , drawn and pale ; the [state] has come on rapidly .

is the condition of things ;
is the [state] of things ;

Carl ’ s mother had granted his request for piano instruction under one condition : that he stick to the lessons for six months .
carl ’ s mother had granted his request for piano instruction under one [state] : that he stick to the lessons for six months .

In one study , Lonigan and Whitehurst compared shared reading with teachers at preschool , shared reading with parents at home , and a combined condition .
in one study , lonigan and whitehurst compared shared reading with teachers at preschool , shared reading with parents at home , and a combined [state] .

Play produced far better recall.23 During the “ remember ” condition , children repeatedly named and touched the objects—a rehearsal strategy that , much like repeating a phone number , helped them hold on to information , but only brieﬂy .
play produced far better recall.23 during the “ remember ” [state] , children repeatedly named and touched the objects—a rehearsal strategy that , much like repeating a phone number , helped them hold on to information , but only brieﬂy .

In contrast , the “ play ” condition led to many spontaneous organizations of the toys that enabled children to recall effortlessly .
in contrast , the “ play ” [state] led to many spontaneous organizations of the toys that enabled children to recall effortlessly .

Sweatshops at the turn of the century encompassed a range of workplaces in which , as one commentator noted , “ Congestion , unsanitary quarters , lack of restriction on child labor , absolutely unregulated hours , and miserable pay combine to create a condition which endangers the lives not only of the workers , but of the purchasers of their products. ” 19 A study in 1893 of the “ sweating system ” estimated that one-half of the clothing manufactured at that time came from factories , while the other half originated in home work or was subcontracted in small shops often adjoining homes .
sweatshops at the turn of the century encompassed a range of workplaces in which , as one commentator noted , “ congestion , unsanitary quarters , lack of restriction on child labor , absolutely unregulated hours , and miserable pay combine to create a [state] which endangers the lives not only of the workers , but of the purchasers of their products. ” 19 a study in 1893 of the “ sweating system ” estimated that one-half of the clothing manufactured at that time came from factories , while the other half originated in home work or was subcontracted in small shops often adjoining homes .

The leveraged buyouts , mergers , and corporate restructuring of the 1980s left many of the historic retail powerhouses in a vulnerable condition , with a number of the strongest traditional retailers—Macy ’ s , Saks , Sears—in an extremely weakened state .
the leveraged buyouts , mergers , and corporate restructuring of the 1980s left many of the historic retail powerhouses in a vulnerable [state] , with a number of the strongest traditional retailers—macy ’ s , saks , sears—in an extremely weakened state .

For an individual it defines an attitude , a sensibility , or a social condition .
for an individual it defines an attitude , a sensibility , or a social [state] .

Caída de mollera ( literally , the fall of the fontanelle ) is a medical condition that can occur in infants , is often classified as a folk illness , but has obvious medical symptoms .
caída de mollera ( literally , the fall of the fontanelle ) is a medical [state] that can occur in infants , is often classified as a folk illness , but has obvious medical symptoms .

Some Mexican Americans refer to this condition as a Mexican folk disease because American doctors may not recognize the medical conditions .
some mexican americans refer to this [state] as a mexican folk disease because american doctors may not recognize the medical conditions .

Second were the Mexicans who continued to migrate into California during the nineteenth century , and these people , as Espinosa delicately put it , were “ gente de mas baja condición y cultura ” ( people of a lower condition and culture ) ( 1930 , 301 ) .
second were the mexicans who continued to migrate into california during the nineteenth century , and these people , as espinosa delicately put it , were “ gente de mas baja condición y cultura ” ( people of a lower [state] and culture ) ( 1930 , 301 ) .

To round out the commitment to equality , according to the Fifteenth Amendment ratified in 1870 , the states could no longer deny voting rights to citizens on the grounds of their race , color , or previous condition of servitude .
to round out the commitment to equality , according to the fifteenth amendment ratified in 1870 , the states could no longer deny voting rights to citizens on the grounds of their race , color , or previous [state] of servitude .

The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race , color , or previous condition of servitude .
the right of citizens of the united states to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the united states or by any state on account of race , color , or previous [state] of servitude .

The federal government would have become the watchdog of private relationships that approached too close to the forbidden line , defined in the Thirteenth Amendment as “ slavery ” or “ previous condition of servitude. ” The “ self-evident truths ” of the Declaration of Independence—the inalienable rights to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness—could have generated the foundation of a new constitutional order .
the federal government would have become the watchdog of private relationships that approached too close to the forbidden line , defined in the thirteenth amendment as “ slavery ” or “ previous [state] of servitude. ” the “ self-evident truths ” of the declaration of independence—the inalienable rights to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness—could have generated the foundation of a new constitutional order .

The Civil Rights Act of 1875 , Section 1 , provided that all persons should enjoy equal access to “ inns , public conveyances on land or water , theaters , and other places of public amusement ” regardless of race , color , or previous condition of servitude.36 Section 2 attached a fine and a prison term of up to thirty days for committing the misdemeanor of denying someone access to these facilities for the prohibited reasons .
the civil rights act of 1875 , section 1 , provided that all persons should enjoy equal access to “ inns , public conveyances on land or water , theaters , and other places of public amusement ” regardless of race , color , or previous [state] of servitude.36 section 2 attached a fine and a prison term of up to thirty days for committing the misdemeanor of denying someone access to these facilities for the prohibited reasons .

In 1870 , the Fifteenth Amendment secured the right to vote regardless of “ race , color , or previous condition of servitude. ” Of the ten succeeding amendments from the Sixteenth to the Twenty-Seventh ( leaving aside the Eighteenth on Prohibition and the Twenty-First repealing the Eighteenth ) , seven have addressed the extension of the power of the people to choose their government.23 In short , the securing of Lincoln ’ s promise of universal popular suffrage became the primary focus of the new constitutional order .
in 1870 , the fifteenth amendment secured the right to vote regardless of “ race , color , or previous [state] of servitude. ” of the ten succeeding amendments from the sixteenth to the twenty-seventh ( leaving aside the eighteenth on prohibition and the twenty-first repealing the eighteenth ) , seven have addressed the extension of the power of the people to choose their government.23 in short , the securing of lincoln ’ s promise of universal popular suffrage became the primary focus of the new constitutional order .

The drama can be narrowly understood as an enormous sacrifice of human life to liberate people held in the most demeaning condition imaginable .
the drama can be narrowly understood as an enormous sacrifice of human life to liberate people held in the most demeaning [state] imaginable .

The entire constitutional structure drafted in 1787 needed revamping but , without a compelling theory to guide them , the political powers in Congress settled for the modest demand in the Fifteenth Amendment that the states not deny the franchise “ on account of race , color , or previous condition of servitude. ” It is hard to imagine a lesser demand on the states , consistent with the policy of treating the emancipated slaves as members of the nation with equal political rights .
the entire constitutional structure drafted in 1787 needed revamping but , without a compelling theory to guide them , the political powers in congress settled for the modest demand in the fifteenth amendment that the states not deny the franchise “ on account of race , color , or previous [state] of servitude. ” it is hard to imagine a lesser demand on the states , consistent with the policy of treating the emancipated slaves as members of the nation with equal political rights .

The book of Exodus permits the purchase of a Hebrew slave , but after six years of service “ he shall go out free , for nothing. ” 10 There are people , the Bible recognizes , who prefer the condition of servitude :
the book of exodus permits the purchase of a hebrew slave , but after six years of service “ he shall go out free , for nothing. ” 10 there are people , the bible recognizes , who prefer the [state] of servitude :

In this example , the servant chooses the condition of servitude .
in this example , the servant chooses the [state] of servitude .

The same is true of heroin consumption , which may readily develop into a condition of dependency in which the addict may enjoy the illusion of freely choosing not a hole bored in his ear but rather numerous telltale holes bored in his veins .
the same is true of heroin consumption , which may readily develop into a [state] of dependency in which the addict may enjoy the illusion of freely choosing not a hole bored in his ear but rather numerous telltale holes bored in his veins .

In that condition , other proteins bound at the promoter are able to transcribe the structural genes of the lactose operon .
in that [state] , other proteins bound at the promoter are able to transcribe the structural genes of the lactose operon .

Our biology , based on DNA and RNA and proteins , is an instantiation , a suYcient condition for Darwinian evolution .
our biology , based on dna and rna and proteins , is an instantiation , a suycient [state] for darwinian evolution .

One of their examples of a “ dated contingent good ” is “ ton of wheat delivered in Chicago on May , , under the condition that the average rainfall in Nebraska for the six preceding months has been percent less than normal for the past fifty years and that the Boston Red Sox won the World Series the previous year . ”
one of their examples of a “ dated contingent good ” is “ ton of wheat delivered in chicago on may , , under the [state] that the average rainfall in nebraska for the six preceding months has been percent less than normal for the past fifty years and that the boston red sox won the world series the previous year . ”

In Figure . , the main diagonal , running at a -degree angle from the lower-left corner , which corresponds to Dt = and D ( t + ) = , shows the condition where D ( t + ) = Dt .
in figure . , the main diagonal , running at a -degree angle from the lower-left corner , which corresponds to dt = and d ( t + ) = , shows the [state] where d ( t + ) = dt .

Is this just another initial or boundary condition hiding from view the question : Where did this organization of stu and process come from ?
is this just another initial or boundary [state] hiding from view the question : where did this organization of stu and process come from ?

Autonomous agents appear to be a sucient condition for application of this concept of organization , and a biosphere comprised of coevolving autonomous agents appears to be a sucient condition for propagating self-constructing organization .
autonomous agents appear to be a sucient [state] for application of this concept of organization , and a biosphere comprised of coevolving autonomous agents appears to be a sucient [state] for propagating self-constructing organization .

The coal and iron in turn were worked into the machinery of the Industrial Revolution and cannons and also , notably , more steam pumps that could keep the mines in working condition .
the coal and iron in turn were worked into the machinery of the industrial revolution and cannons and also , notably , more steam pumps that could keep the mines in working [state] .

On the other hand , displacement from equilibrium is a necessary condition for a microcode to do anything at all .
on the other hand , displacement from equilibrium is a necessary [state] for a microcode to do anything at all .

In the string theory context , one would consider a hyperspace of Calabi-Yau spaces , in which neighboring Calabi-Yau spaces would propagate amplitudes from the same initial condition in dierent ways .
in the string theory context , one would consider a hyperspace of calabi-yau spaces , in which neighboring calabi-yau spaces would propagate amplitudes from the same initial [state] in dierent ways .

The site sprawls over a wide area , but unfortunately , some remains are in poor condition , a situation which causes the site to close intermittently because of the danger of falling masonry .
the site sprawls over a wide area , but unfortunately , some remains are in poor [state] , a situation which causes the site to close intermittently because of the danger of falling masonry .

The approach to the house must have been truly spectacular at that time , but today you must drive with a little care , as its condition is a bit rough .
the approach to the house must have been truly spectacular at that time , but today you must drive with a little care , as its [state] is a bit rough .

For the novice or those not in peak condition there are walks or gentle strolls in the valley bottoms and around the lake shores .
for the novice or those not in peak [state] there are walks or gentle strolls in the valley bottoms and around the lake shores .

Planted with hundreds of pretty blooms , all in pristine condition , it has kept accurate time since its creation in 1903 .
planted with hundreds of pretty blooms , all in pristine [state] , it has kept accurate time since its creation in 1903 .

The surrounding landscaped grounds are kept in pristine condition .
the surrounding landscaped grounds are kept in pristine [state] .

The middle classes were no longer prepared to tolerate the restraints on their freedom , nor the worsening condition of the economy in the hands of an incompetent aristocracy .
the middle classes were no longer prepared to tolerate the restraints on their freedom , nor the worsening [state] of the economy in the hands of an incompetent aristocracy .

Most visited , perhaps , are the Baths ( Terme ) , not particularly lavish , but in excellent condition , well equipped and practically laid out with separate areas for men and women .
most visited , perhaps , are the baths ( terme ) , not particularly lavish , but in excellent [state] , well equipped and practically laid out with separate areas for men and women .

This is open to anyone over the age of eight in reasonable physical condition .
this is open to anyone over the age of eight in reasonable physical [state] .

Suffering less than the north from the ravages of Muslim iconoclasts , their temples have survived in profusion and in much better condition .
suffering less than the north from the ravages of muslim iconoclasts , their temples have survived in profusion and in much better [state] .

The climb to the summit is largely open to anyone in good condition and ready to make the effort .
the climb to the summit is largely open to anyone in good [state] and ready to make the effort .

This is the oldest inhabited structure on the island ( dating from about 1700 ) and is still in remarkably good condition considering the volatile weather that it has undoubtedly had to contend with .
this is the oldest inhabited structure on the island ( dating from about 1700 ) and is still in remarkably good [state] considering the volatile weather that it has undoubtedly had to contend with .

Deciding where to go will depend on the time available and your physical condition .
deciding where to go will depend on the time available and your physical [state] .

Trekking shops should be seen as a place to pick up things you might have forgotten , since rental jackets and sleeping bags are not always in the best condition .
trekking shops should be seen as a place to pick up things you might have forgotten , since rental jackets and sleeping bags are not always in the best [state] .

Despotic noblemen repressed the peasants so harshly that an army led by György Dózsa rose in rebellion in 1514 , but the insurrection failed ; Dózsa was roasted alive and the serfs ’ condition continued to decline .
despotic noblemen repressed the peasants so harshly that an army led by györgy dózsa rose in rebellion in 1514 , but the insurrection failed ; dózsa was roasted alive and the serfs ’ [state] continued to decline .

Professor Semmelweis , who was born here in 1815 , discovered the cause of puerperal fever and thus became known as the “ Saviour of Mothers. ” The museum is a lively , sometimes gruesome , trawl through old instruments and techniques , some of which appear far worse than the condition they were intended to relieve .
professor semmelweis , who was born here in 1815 , discovered the cause of puerperal fever and thus became known as the “ saviour of mothers. ” the museum is a lively , sometimes gruesome , trawl through old instruments and techniques , some of which appear far worse than the [state] they were intended to relieve .

Make sure your car is in good mechanical condition and that the tank is full before you begin each day ’ s tour .
make sure your car is in good mechanical [state] and that the tank is full before you begin each day ’ s tour .

Farther along the Villena road is the round castle of Biar , of Moorish origin and still in reasonable condition .
farther along the villena road is the round castle of biar , of moorish origin and still in reasonable [state] .

The area of Mar Menor is also noted for its windmills , some of them restored to perfect working condition .
the area of mar menor is also noted for its windmills , some of them restored to perfect working [state] .

One of the cinemas , near the Grande Arche , has a big wrap-around IMAX screen , and in the same building the Musée de l ’ Automobile displays over 100 classic cars , restored to mint condition .
one of the cinemas , near the grande arche , has a big wrap-around imax screen , and in the same building the musée de l ’ automobile displays over 100 classic cars , restored to mint [state] .

Heading west beyond La Parguera , you ’ ll need to use secondary roads , but these are in surprisingly good condition and relatively quiet .
heading west beyond la parguera , you ’ ll need to use secondary roads , but these are in surprisingly good [state] and relatively quiet .

The boats are brightly colored and carefully tended to ensure that they are always in peak condition — not one is splintered or sun-bleached .
the boats are brightly colored and carefully tended to ensure that they are always in peak [state] — not one is splintered or sun-bleached .

When you set out for the higher altitudes , be prepared for cold with damp mists , or for scorching sunshine.Either condition is possible .
when you set out for the higher altitudes , be prepared for cold with damp mists , or for scorching sunshine.either [state] is possible .

Two of the greatest Qing emperors , Kangxi and his grandson Qianlong , maintained the Ming Tombs and saw to the building of the Summer Palace , while the last great imperial ruler of China , the Empress Dowager Cixi , kept the Summer Palace and the Forbidden City in splendid condition into the early 20th century .
two of the greatest qing emperors , kangxi and his grandson qianlong , maintained the ming tombs and saw to the building of the summer palace , while the last great imperial ruler of china , the empress dowager cixi , kept the summer palace and the forbidden city in splendid [state] into the early 20th century .

This decree is qualified by the condition that were anything to change , the museum ’ s contents would be sold off , with the proceeds going to Harvard University .
this decree is qualified by the [state] that were anything to change , the museum ’ s contents would be sold off , with the proceeds going to harvard university .

His mother funded the establishment of the library , on condition that every Harvard graduate be able to swim 50 yards .
his mother funded the establishment of the library , on [state] that every harvard graduate be able to swim 50 yards .

The area is easy to explore by vehicle , as the road following the coastline — though in some places a few kilometers inland from it — is in good condition ; around half is a four-lane highway opened in 1998 .
the area is easy to explore by vehicle , as the road following the coastline — though in some places a few kilometers inland from it — is in good [state] ; around half is a four-lane highway opened in 1998 .

Downtown Tulum has the decided feeling of a frontier town , and beyond — towards the state capital Chetumal — the road is in worse condition than farther north .
downtown tulum has the decided feeling of a frontier town , and beyond — towards the state capital chetumal — the road is in worse [state] than farther north .

Two highways travel west : the four-lane toll highway carries traffic halfway across the Yucatán peninsula in around three hours ; the local road ( in good condition ) travels through the countryside and many local settlements , which allows the opportunity to view the daily life of the region .
two highways travel west : the four-lane toll highway carries traffic halfway across the yucatán peninsula in around three hours ; the local road ( in good [state] ) travels through the countryside and many local settlements , which allows the opportunity to view the daily life of the region .

This Buddhist complex is in immaculate condition , its marble a gleaming white .
this buddhist complex is in immaculate [state] , its marble a gleaming white .

Only tourists in good physical condition should venture to the capital of the Tibet ( Xizang ) Autonomous Region , for the altitude of 3,600 m ( nearly 12,000 ft ) taxes heart and lungs .
only tourists in good physical [state] should venture to the capital of the tibet ( xizang ) autonomous region , for the altitude of 3,600 m ( nearly 12,000 ft ) taxes heart and lungs .

All destinations discussed in this book have courts in excellent condition at the higher end hotels , with some offering lighted or covered play , and a range of surfaces .
all destinations discussed in this book have courts in excellent [state] at the higher end hotels , with some offering lighted or covered play , and a range of surfaces .

Otherwise , many hotels will lend or rent it to you — check the fit and condition carefully .
otherwise , many hotels will lend or rent it to you — check the fit and [state] carefully .

On her death in 1895 Louisa bequeathed the house and its contents to the city of Amsterdam on condition that it would be opened as a museum .
on her death in 1895 louisa bequeathed the house and its contents to the city of amsterdam on [state] that it would be opened as a museum .

The view has no trees and shows the “ Gentleman ’ s Canal ” in pristine condition .
the view has no trees and shows the “ gentleman ’ s canal ” in pristine [state] .

The oldest house in Cuba and considered one of the oldest in the Americas , it is in remarkable condition .
the oldest house in cuba and considered one of the oldest in the americas , it is in remarkable [state] .

Moated , thickly walled , and full of cannons , drawbridges , and passageways , it is in excellent condition .
moated , thickly walled , and full of cannons , drawbridges , and passageways , it is in excellent [state] .

The greens and fairways are kept in pristine condition .
the greens and fairways are kept in pristine [state] .

Continue past the remains of a hypostyle hall which was the Customs House to the start of the Royal Road leading north to the coast , still in exceptional condition and far better than most thoroughfares on Crete until only a few years ago .
continue past the remains of a hypostyle hall which was the customs house to the start of the royal road leading north to the coast , still in exceptional [state] and far better than most thoroughfares on crete until only a few years ago .

Few foreign visitors are happy with the size and condition of the cages , although the new Panda Garden , featuring a half-dozen adult pandas and twin babies , is a bit more spacious and a step in the right direction .
few foreign visitors are happy with the size and [state] of the cages , although the new panda garden , featuring a half-dozen adult pandas and twin babies , is a bit more spacious and a step in the right direction .

He said the agency claimed he had failed to return a form updating the condition of his health .
he said the agency claimed he had failed to return a form updating the [state] of his health .

The landlord was claiming Stimpson owed $ 2,750 in back rent , but Stimpson told Liebler she was planning to move out anyway because of the poor condition of her West Belden Avenue residence .
the landlord was claiming stimpson owed $ 2,750 in back rent , but stimpson told liebler she was planning to move out anyway because of the poor [state] of her west belden avenue residence .

Motivational considerations The rationale for interventions in the emergency setting is that the medical condition or injury prompting admission provides a `` window of opportunity '' when the individual may be more vulnerable and more open to seeing the connection between current consequences and his or her drinking or drug abuse and may be more motivated to change.13-15 * Presenter The presence of an adverse consequence that can be linked to drinking-such as gastrointestinal , vascular , renal , or other medical problem ; an automobile crash ; unintentional injury ; or involvement in a violent incident-facilitates intervention among patients with alcohol problems encountered in the emergency setting .
motivational considerations the rationale for interventions in the emergency setting is that the medical [state] or injury prompting admission provides a `` window of opportunity '' when the individual may be more vulnerable and more open to seeing the connection between current consequences and his or her drinking or drug abuse and may be more motivated to change.13-15 * presenter the presence of an adverse consequence that can be linked to drinking-such as gastrointestinal , vascular , renal , or other medical problem ; an automobile crash ; unintentional injury ; or involvement in a violent incident-facilitates intervention among patients with alcohol problems encountered in the emergency setting .

Several studies have documented consumption changes not only in the intervention condition but also in the minimal intervention control groups.18,19 However , changes in alcohol consumption are often not sustained among participants in control conditions .
several studies have documented consumption changes not only in the intervention [state] but also in the minimal intervention control groups.18,19 however , changes in alcohol consumption are often not sustained among participants in control conditions .

A total of 366 patients were randomly assigned to the intervention condition , but nearly 15 % of these patients were discharged before the intervention could be given , and nearly 2 % refused the intervention .
a total of 366 patients were randomly assigned to the intervention [state] , but nearly 15 % of these patients were discharged before the intervention could be given , and nearly 2 % refused the intervention .

Herman Diesenhaus added that there must be some type of maintenance activity if we are dealing with a chronic , relapsing condition .
herman diesenhaus added that there must be some type of maintenance activity if we are dealing with a chronic , relapsing [state] .

To contribute to its strategic goal to restore and maintain the health of the land , BLM set an expectation for senior executives to understand and plan for the condition and use of public lands .
to contribute to its strategic goal to restore and maintain the health of the land , blm set an expectation for senior executives to understand and plan for the [state] and use of public lands .

Restore and maintain the health of the land : Understand and plan for the condition and use of the public lands by conducting assessments and completing land use plan evaluations ; restore at-risk resources and maintain functioning systems , particularly riparian areas and watersheds ; incorporate management land health standards into decisions and plans ; implement the National Fire Plan ; and emphasize resource protection by assuring that work commitments for monitoring and inspection are met , appropriate enforcement actions are taken , and results are recorded .
restore and maintain the health of the land : understand and plan for the [state] and use of the public lands by conducting assessments and completing land use plan evaluations ; restore at-risk resources and maintain functioning systems , particularly riparian areas and watersheds ; incorporate management land health standards into decisions and plans ; implement the national fire plan ; and emphasize resource protection by assuring that work commitments for monitoring and inspection are met , appropriate enforcement actions are taken , and results are recorded .

For the government 's major departments and agencies , this legislation ( 1 ) established chief financial officer positions , ( 2 ) required audited financial statements annually , and ( 3 ) set expectations for agencies to develop and deploy more modern financial management systems , produce sound cost and operating performance information , and design results oriented reports on the government 's financial condition by integrating budget , accounting , and program information .
for the government 's major departments and agencies , this legislation ( 1 ) established chief financial officer positions , ( 2 ) required audited financial statements annually , and ( 3 ) set expectations for agencies to develop and deploy more modern financial management systems , produce sound cost and operating performance information , and design results oriented reports on the government 's financial [state] by integrating budget , accounting , and program information .

Implemented together , these measures provide a basis for improving accountability over government operations and routinely producing sound cost and operating performance information , thereby making it possible to better assess and improve the government 's financial condition and operating performance .
implemented together , these measures provide a basis for improving accountability over government operations and routinely producing sound cost and operating performance information , thereby making it possible to better assess and improve the government 's financial [state] and operating performance .

The resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for assets and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the Federal Government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods .
the resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for assets and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial [state] of the federal government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods .

Financial Condition 10 .
financial [state] 10 .

The measures of accountability mentioned above help to portray the Government 's `` financial condition . ''
the measures of accountability mentioned above help to portray the government 's `` financial [state] . ''

Financial condition is a broader and more forward-looking concept than is financial position .
financial [state] is a broader and more forward-looking concept than is financial position .

Financial condition allows an assessment of an entity on the basis of additional data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current conditions .
financial [state] allows an assessment of an entity on the basis of additional data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current conditions .

Moreover , assessment of financial condition could include analysis of trends , demands , commitments , events , and uncertainties.4 Stewardship PP & E 11 .
moreover , assessment of financial [state] could include analysis of trends , demands , commitments , events , and uncertainties.4 stewardship pp & e 11 .

However , the Federal Government should be able to demonstrate accountability for stewardship PP & E by reporting on its existence and on its condition by a reference to deferred maintenance reported in the financial statements .
however , the federal government should be able to demonstrate accountability for stewardship pp & e by reporting on its existence and on its [state] by a reference to deferred maintenance reported in the financial statements .

Chapter 7 of the Objectives of Federal Financial Reporting provides a full discussion of financial position and financial condition .
chapter 7 of the objectives of federal financial reporting provides a full discussion of financial position and financial [state] .

A key aspect of the stewardship objective requires that Federal reporting provide information that helps users determine ( 1 ) whether the Government 's financial condition improved or deteriorated over the period and ( 2 ) whether future budgetary resources will likely be sufficient to sustain public services and to meet obligations as they come due .
a key aspect of the stewardship objective requires that federal reporting provide information that helps users determine ( 1 ) whether the government 's financial [state] improved or deteriorated over the period and ( 2 ) whether future budgetary resources will likely be sufficient to sustain public services and to meet obligations as they come due .

Many state and local governments , members of Congressional oversight committees , and national groups , have raised the issue of the deteriorating condition of federally-owned PP & E because of deferred maintenance associated with these assets .
many state and local governments , members of congressional oversight committees , and national groups , have raised the issue of the deteriorating [state] of federally-owned pp & e because of deferred maintenance associated with these assets .

Examples of condition information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized condition rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of assets above , at , or below acceptable condition ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .
examples of [state] information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized [state] rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of assets above , at , or below acceptable [state] ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .

Examples of condition information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized condition rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of assets above , at , or below acceptable condition ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .
examples of [state] information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized [state] rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of assets above , at , or below acceptable [state] ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .

Examples of condition information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized condition rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of assets above , at , or below acceptable condition ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .
examples of [state] information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized [state] rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of assets above , at , or below acceptable [state] ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .

It believes that reporting on information related to the existence and the condition of the stewardship PP & E has more relevance to decision-makers and other users of the financial report .
it believes that reporting on information related to the existence and the [state] of the stewardship pp & e has more relevance to decision-makers and other users of the financial report .

The most relevant information about heritage assets is their existence and condition .
the most relevant information about heritage assets is their existence and [state] .

In each category , cost includes all costs to put the item in usable condition for its intended purpose including , among others , transportation , assembly , and inspection costs .
in each category , cost includes all costs to put the item in usable [state] for its intended purpose including , among others , transportation , assembly , and inspection costs .

The most relevant information about stewardship land is its existence , condition , and use .
the most relevant information about stewardship land is its existence , [state] , and use .

CONDITION -The physical state of an asset .
[state] -the physical state of an asset .

The condition of an asset is based on an evaluation of the physical status/state of an asset , its ability to perform as planned , and its continued usefulness .
the [state] of an asset is based on an evaluation of the physical status/state of an asset , its ability to perform as planned , and its continued usefulness .

Evaluating an asset 's condition requires knowledge of the asset , its performance capacity and its actual ability to perform , and expectations for its continued performance .
evaluating an asset 's [state] requires knowledge of the asset , its performance capacity and its actual ability to perform , and expectations for its continued performance .

The condition of a long-lived asset is affected by its durability , the quality of its design and construction , its use , the adequacy of maintenance that has been performed , and many other factors , including : accidents ( an unforeseen and unplanned or unexpected event or circumstance ) , catastrophes ( a tragic event ) , disasters ( a sudden calamitous event bringing great damage , loss , or destruction ) , and obsolescence .
the [state] of a long-lived asset is affected by its durability , the quality of its design and construction , its use , the adequacy of maintenance that has been performed , and many other factors , including : accidents ( an unforeseen and unplanned or unexpected event or circumstance ) , catastrophes ( a tragic event ) , disasters ( a sudden calamitous event bringing great damage , loss , or destruction ) , and obsolescence .

CONDITION ASSESSMENT SURVEYS - Periodic inspections of PP & E to determine their current condition and estimated cost to correct any deficiencies .
[state] assessment surveys - periodic inspections of pp & e to determine their current [state] and estimated cost to correct any deficiencies .

CONTINGENCY - An existing condition , situation , or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible gain or loss to an entity that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur .
contingency - an existing [state] , situation , or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible gain or loss to an entity that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur .

The Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act of 1990 provided for chief financial officer positions in 24 major agencies and required annual reports on the financial condition of government entities and the status of management controls .
the chief financial officers ( cfo ) act of 1990 provided for chief financial officer positions in 24 major agencies and required annual reports on the financial [state] of government entities and the status of management controls .

In the past , the Coast Guard 's marine safety program concentrated on the physical condition of vessels , through activities such as inspections and certifications .
in the past , the coast guard 's marine safety program concentrated on the physical [state] of vessels , through activities such as inspections and certifications .

Keep in mind that a finding may include only a description of the condition , as in a purely descriptive report .
keep in mind that a finding may include only a description of the [state] , as in a purely descriptive report .

The AICPA 's Generally Accepted Auditing Standards defines a reportable condition as a significant deficiency in the design or operation of internal control that could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with management 's assertions in the financial statements .
the aicpa 's generally accepted auditing standards defines a reportable [state] as a significant deficiency in the design or operation of internal control that could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with management 's assertions in the financial statements .

The information had to include specific identification of the good or service ( e.g. , stock numbers , detailed descriptions , grades or quality , and types or models ) ; quantities ordered , received , and billed ; the quality ( type , grade , or condition ) of the items received ; and prices per unit .
the information had to include specific identification of the good or service ( e.g. , stock numbers , detailed descriptions , grades or quality , and types or models ) ; quantities ordered , received , and billed ; the quality ( type , grade , or [state] ) of the items received ; and prices per unit .

The analysis estimated $ 25 million in savings associated with requiring a producer to obtain at least catastrophic coverage for any crop of economic significance as a condition of receiving benefits for that crop under certain Department of Agriculture programs ( linkage requirement ) or signing a waiver for eligibility for emergency crop loss assistance .
the analysis estimated $ 25 million in savings associated with requiring a producer to obtain at least catastrophic coverage for any crop of economic significance as a [state] of receiving benefits for that crop under certain department of agriculture programs ( linkage requirement ) or signing a waiver for eligibility for emergency crop loss assistance .

The subject matter of an attestation engagement may take many forms , including historical or prospective performance or condition , physical characteristics , historical events , analyses , systems and processes , or behavior .
the subject matter of an attestation engagement may take many forms , including historical or prospective performance or [state] , physical characteristics , historical events , analyses , systems and processes , or behavior .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and The AICPA standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and the aicpa standards define a material weakness as a reportable [state] in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .

At a minimum , auditors should identify the condition , criteria , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .
at a minimum , auditors should identify the [state] , criteria , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .

At a minimum , auditors should identify the condition , criteria , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .
at a minimum , auditors should identify the [state] , criteria , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .

At a minimum , auditors should identify the condition , criteria , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .
at a minimum , auditors should identify the [state] , criteria , and possible effect to provide sufficient information to federal , state , and local officials to assist them in taking corrective action .

Criteria are discussed in paragraph 7.21 , and the other elements of a finding -- condition , effect , and cause -- are discussed in the following paragraphs .
criteria are discussed in paragraph 7.21 , and the other elements of a finding -- [state] , effect , and cause -- are discussed in the following paragraphs .

When the auditors ' objectives include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a condition that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the criteria identified in the audit , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .
when the auditors ' objectives include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a [state] that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the criteria identified in the audit , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .

Many times these weaknesses will be described as the cause of the finding or in `` a process finding '' will be the condition element .
many times these weaknesses will be described as the cause of the finding or in `` a process finding '' will be the [state] element .

Condition : The audit report is improved when it provides evidence of what the auditors found regarding the actual situation .
[state] : the audit report is improved when it provides evidence of what the auditors found regarding the actual situation .

Reporting the scope or extent of the condition allows the report user to gain an accurate perspective .
reporting the scope or extent of the [state] allows the report user to gain an accurate perspective .

GAO recommended that the agency establish appropriate criteria for the condition of safety control components on passenger cars .
gao recommended that the agency establish appropriate criteria for the [state] of safety control components on passenger cars .

Because of its statutory access authority , GAO generally does not sign a nondisclosure or other agreement as a condition of gaining access to sensitive or proprietary data to which it is entitled .
because of its statutory access authority , gao generally does not sign a nondisclosure or other agreement as a [state] of gaining access to sensitive or proprietary data to which it is entitled .

Normative Question A type of evaluation question requiring comparison between what is happening ( the condition ) to norms and expectations or standards for what should be happening ( the criterion ) .
normative question a type of evaluation question requiring comparison between what is happening ( the [state] ) to norms and expectations or standards for what should be happening ( the criterion ) .

Reliability The extent to which a measurement process produces similar results on repeated observations of the same condition or event .
reliability the extent to which a measurement process produces similar results on repeated observations of the same [state] or event .

Certain `` eligible individuals '' who lose group health insurance coverage are assured availability of coverage in the individual market , on a guaranteed issue basis , without preexisting condition exclusions .
certain `` eligible individuals '' who lose group health insurance coverage are assured availability of coverage in the individual market , on a guaranteed issue basis , without preexisting [state] exclusions .

Usually , IDA account holders must undergo economic literacy training as a condition of participation .
usually , ida account holders must undergo economic literacy training as a [state] of participation .

Any substantial benefit reform should be coupled with adequate and effective cost containment measures to avoid worsening Medicare 's long-range financial condition .
any substantial benefit reform should be coupled with adequate and effective cost containment measures to avoid worsening medicare 's long-range financial [state] .

They asserted as well that Congress had imposed an unconstitutional condition on recipients of federal funds by requiring them to relinquish their right to engage in abortion advocacy and counseling in exchange for the subsidy .
they asserted as well that congress had imposed an unconstitutional [state] on recipients of federal funds by requiring them to relinquish their right to engage in abortion advocacy and counseling in exchange for the subsidy .

Because LSC attorneys must withdraw whenever a question of a welfare statute 's validity arises , an individual could not obtain joint representation so that the constitutional challenge would be presented by a non-LSC attorney , and other , §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) is necessary to define the scope and contours of the federal program , a condition that ensures funds can be spent for those cases most immediate to congressional concern .
because lsc attorneys must withdraw whenever a question of a welfare statute 's validity arises , an individual could not obtain joint representation so that the constitutional challenge would be presented by a non-lsc attorney , and other , §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) is necessary to define the scope and contours of the federal program , a [state] that ensures funds can be spent for those cases most immediate to congressional concern .

Congress can not recast a condition on funding as a mere definition of its program in every case , lest the Amendment be reduced to a simple semantic exercise .
congress can not recast a [state] on funding as a mere definition of its program in every case , lest the amendment be reduced to a simple semantic exercise .

Here , notwithstanding Congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction operates to insulate current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central Amendment concerns .
here , notwithstanding congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction operates to insulate current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a [state] implicating central amendment concerns .

This serves to distinguish §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) from any of the Title X program restrictions upheld in Rust , and to place it beyond any congressional funding condition approved in the past by this Court .
this serves to distinguish §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) from any of the title x program restrictions upheld in rust , and to place it beyond any congressional funding [state] approved in the past by this court .

For the reasons we have set forth , the funding condition is invalid .
for the reasons we have set forth , the funding [state] is invalid .

Finally , notwithstanding Congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction insulates current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central Amendment concerns .
finally , notwithstanding congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction insulates current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a [state] implicating central amendment concerns .

Attorneys working for LSC-funded programs may no longer , for example , initiate or participate in class action lawsuits , collect courtawarded attorneys ' fees , represent prisoners or certain categories of aliens , or take cases involving political redistricting , abortion , or drug-related public housing evictions.4 Another major reform of 1996 instituted a competitive bidding process for LSC service contracts , requiring programs to demonstrate results and progress as a condition of continued federal funding.5 Finally , in 1996 Congress approved a one-third reduction in LSC 's annual appropriation , from $ 400 million to $ 278 million.6 In July 1995 , in anticipation of the funding cutbacks , LSC initiated the broad outlines of its `` state planning process '' to highlight strategies by which programs could stretch scarce federal dollars to help ensure that all low-income clients have an equal opportunity to receive the most accessible , effective legal assistance possible .
attorneys working for lsc-funded programs may no longer , for example , initiate or participate in class action lawsuits , collect courtawarded attorneys ' fees , represent prisoners or certain categories of aliens , or take cases involving political redistricting , abortion , or drug-related public housing evictions.4 another major reform of 1996 instituted a competitive bidding process for lsc service contracts , requiring programs to demonstrate results and progress as a [state] of continued federal funding.5 finally , in 1996 congress approved a one-third reduction in lsc 's annual appropriation , from $ 400 million to $ 278 million.6 in july 1995 , in anticipation of the funding cutbacks , lsc initiated the broad outlines of its `` state planning process '' to highlight strategies by which programs could stretch scarce federal dollars to help ensure that all low-income clients have an equal opportunity to receive the most accessible , effective legal assistance possible .

When an applicant seeks federal funding from LSC and as they become grantees , they are required , as a condition of continued federal funding , to pursue state planning with all other LSC-funded grantees , The penultimate goals is the establishment of `` communities of justice '' in every state .
when an applicant seeks federal funding from lsc and as they become grantees , they are required , as a [state] of continued federal funding , to pursue state planning with all other lsc-funded grantees , the penultimate goals is the establishment of `` communities of justice '' in every state .

That is surely irrelevant , since it leaves the welfare recipient in no worse condition than he would have been in had the LSC program never been enacted .
that is surely irrelevant , since it leaves the welfare recipient in no worse [state] than he would have been in had the lsc program never been enacted .

The mortality may be due to the presence of toxicity , if receiving water is used as dilution water , rather than a diseased condition of the test organisms .
the mortality may be due to the presence of toxicity , if receiving water is used as dilution water , rather than a diseased [state] of the test organisms .

Other factors which can affect test precision include : test organism age , condition , and sensitivity ; temperature control ; and feeding .
other factors which can affect test precision include : test organism age , [state] , and sensitivity ; temperature control ; and feeding .

The condition of a lake or stream improves as the the ANC increases , moving from chronically acidic � episodically acidic � not acidic .
the [state] of a lake or stream improves as the the anc increases , moving from chronically acidic � episodically acidic � not acidic .

The mortality may be due to the presence of toxicity , if the receiving water is used as dilution water , rather than a diseased condition of the test organisms .
the mortality may be due to the presence of toxicity , if the receiving water is used as dilution water , rather than a diseased [state] of the test organisms .

Delivery cost heterogeneity is an essential condition for inefficient entry and the degree of the heterogeneity would play an important role in determining the vulnerability to inefficient entry.1 The delivery function is the most important source of inherent cost differences between the geographic areas served by a post and , indeed between posts themselves .
delivery cost heterogeneity is an essential [state] for inefficient entry and the degree of the heterogeneity would play an important role in determining the vulnerability to inefficient entry.1 the delivery function is the most important source of inherent cost differences between the geographic areas served by a post and , indeed between posts themselves .

When Norm called in June to ask if I would participate in an R2000-1 postmortem conference , I agreed on the condition that ( 1 ) I speak before Gene and ( 2 ) that I not be subjected to Florida 's erratic weather .
when norm called in june to ask if i would participate in an r2000-1 postmortem conference , i agreed on the [state] that ( 1 ) i speak before gene and ( 2 ) that i not be subjected to florida 's erratic weather .

I want to thank you on meeting my first condition .
i want to thank you on meeting my first [state] .

On your meeting my other condition , what can I say Norm but thank you .
on your meeting my other [state] , what can i say norm but thank you .

I will be assuming that the 6.0¢ cost of the Postal Service to take the mail from basic to workshared condition is constant as limited quantities of mail move back and forth between basic and workshared .
i will be assuming that the 6.0¢ cost of the postal service to take the mail from basic to workshared [state] is constant as limited quantities of mail move back and forth between basic and workshared .

This characteristic is a symmetry condition imposed in the econometrics as the demand equations were developed .
this characteristic is a symmetry [state] imposed in the econometrics as the demand equations were developed .

Note , however , that the cross-elasticities stop short of obeying the Slutsky-Schultz condition .
note , however , that the cross-elasticities stop short of obeying the slutsky-schultz [state] .

At 8:58 , however , after assessing the North Tower roof , a helicopter pilot advised the ESU team that they could not land on the roof , because '' it is too engulfed in flames and heavy smoke condition . ''
at 8:58 , however , after assessing the north tower roof , a helicopter pilot advised the esu team that they could not land on the roof , because '' it is too engulfed in flames and heavy smoke [state] . ''

At 9:32 , a senior chief radioed all units in the North Tower to return to the lobby , either because of a false report of a third plane approaching or because of his judgment about the deteriorating condition of the building .
at 9:32 , a senior chief radioed all units in the north tower to return to the lobby , either because of a false report of a third plane approaching or because of his judgment about the deteriorating [state] of the building .

This transmission was followed by communications at 10:08 , 10:15 , and 10:22 that called into question the condition of the North Tower .
this transmission was followed by communications at 10:08 , 10:15 , and 10:22 that called into question the [state] of the north tower .

For the condition of people on the impact floors , see Civilian interview 10 ( Mar .
for the [state] of people on the impact floors , see civilian interview 10 ( mar .

For the 105th floor and the condition of the less affected area , see Civilian interview 16 ( Apr .
for the 105th floor and the [state] of the less affected area , see civilian interview 16 ( apr .

On June 21 , near the height of the threat reporting , U.S. Central Command raised the force protection condition level for U.S. troops in six countries to the highest possible level , Delta .
on june 21 , near the height of the threat reporting , u.s. central command raised the force protection [state] level for u.s. troops in six countries to the highest possible level , delta .

The secretary of defense directed the nation 's armed forces to Defense Condition 3 , an increased state of military readiness .
the secretary of defense directed the nation 's armed forces to defense [state] 3 , an increased state of military readiness .

He claimed that the world was beset with barbarism , licentiousness , and unbelief ( a condition he called jahiliyya , the religious term for the period of ignorance prior to the revelations given to the Prophet Mohammed ) .
he claimed that the world was beset with barbarism , licentiousness , and unbelief ( a [state] he called jahiliyya , the religious term for the period of ignorance prior to the revelations given to the prophet mohammed ) .

Appropriately stained cells were counted in a minimum of ten random microscopic fields obtained from at least ten cell clusters per condition .
appropriately stained cells were counted in a minimum of ten random microscopic fields obtained from at least ten cell clusters per [state] .

The scientist had read my articles on whistleblowers who had raised concerns about the undue influence of the pharmaceutical industry on American medicine My industry source had information for me about drug company practices , but—out of fear of career ruin—would only talk on the condition that I would conceal the scientist 's identity .
the scientist had read my articles on whistleblowers who had raised concerns about the undue influence of the pharmaceutical industry on american medicine my industry source had information for me about drug company practices , but—out of fear of career ruin—would only talk on the [state] that i would conceal the scientist 's identity .

Suppression of BMP signaling by expression of its antagonists is the condition that specifies the dorsal ectoderm or BCNE as future anterior neural ectoderm ; in contrast , posterior neural ectoderm may form under the influence of FGF even in the presence of BMP signaling .
suppression of bmp signaling by expression of its antagonists is the [state] that specifies the dorsal ectoderm or bcne as future anterior neural ectoderm ; in contrast , posterior neural ectoderm may form under the influence of fgf even in the presence of bmp signaling .

Increasing the pressure on pharmaceutical companies to include more trials in registries , the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors has announced that , as a condition of considering a trial for publication , member journals will require its registration in a public trials registry [ 6 ] .
increasing the pressure on pharmaceutical companies to include more trials in registries , the international committee of medical journal editors has announced that , as a [state] of considering a trial for publication , member journals will require its registration in a public trials registry [ 6 ] .

The presence of diabetic autonomic neuropathy should also be assessed prior to surgery because this condition predisposes to perioperative hypotension .
the presence of diabetic autonomic neuropathy should also be assessed prior to surgery because this [state] predisposes to perioperative hypotension .

If the patient has a coexisting condition associated with increased insulin requirement , IV insulin doses need to be increased .
if the patient has a coexisting [state] associated with increased insulin requirement , iv insulin doses need to be increased .

Ralph Waldo Emerson , American essayist and philosopher ( 1803–1882 ) , commented about success ( I have adapted his comments for all of us who gathered in Washington in mid-May 2005 ) : “ To leave the world a bit better , whether by a healthy child , a garden patch or a redeemed social condition ; to know even one life breathed easier because you have lived ; this is to have succeeded [ as a whistleblower ] . ”
ralph waldo emerson , american essayist and philosopher ( 1803–1882 ) , commented about success ( i have adapted his comments for all of us who gathered in washington in mid-may 2005 ) : “ to leave the world a bit better , whether by a healthy child , a garden patch or a redeemed social [state] ; to know even one life breathed easier because you have lived ; this is to have succeeded [ as a whistleblower ] . ”

For each specified condition we calculate the OEAS .
for each specified [state] we calculate the oeas .

Therefore , CD36 expression in PTECs is specifically associated with the diabetic condition and appears to be independent of degree of proteinuria and renal failure .
therefore , cd36 expression in ptecs is specifically associated with the diabetic [state] and appears to be independent of degree of proteinuria and renal failure .

Second , individuals who do develop dementia might be blamed for their condition .
second , individuals who do develop dementia might be blamed for their [state] .

It is similarly cheering to hear from the dwarfs and albinos , or from Chuy Aceves , who has hypertrichosis and looks like the original Hollywood wolfman but suffers no ill effects and is proud of his rare condition .
it is similarly cheering to hear from the dwarfs and albinos , or from chuy aceves , who has hypertrichosis and looks like the original hollywood wolfman but suffers no ill effects and is proud of his rare [state] .

The extensive literature on mtDNA phylogeography ( Avise 2000 ) indicates that this condition often holds , although there are exceptions .
the extensive literature on mtdna phylogeography ( avise 2000 ) indicates that this [state] often holds , although there are exceptions .

Dementia remains an incurable condition and its increasing prevalence is a deeply worrying aspect of the “ graying ” of the population .
dementia remains an incurable [state] and its increasing prevalence is a deeply worrying aspect of the “ graying ” of the population .

While the numbers inside the reserves look good , the crucial condition of larval spillover has yet to be proven .
while the numbers inside the reserves look good , the crucial [state] of larval spillover has yet to be proven .

Gene duplication provides opportunities to explore this forbidden evolutionary space more widely by generating duplicates of a gene that can ‘ wander ’ more freely , on condition that between them they continue to supply the original function .
gene duplication provides opportunities to explore this forbidden evolutionary space more widely by generating duplicates of a gene that can ‘ wander ’ more freely , on [state] that between them they continue to supply the original function .

Internal carotid artery dissection is a potentially life-threatening condition and carries a substantial risk of disabling stroke [ 4 ] .
internal carotid artery dissection is a potentially life-threatening [state] and carries a substantial risk of disabling stroke [ 4 ] .

This can occur either through the biological impact of a condition ( diagnosed or preclinical ) or as an inducement to attempt to lose weight as a means to improve health .
this can occur either through the biological impact of a [state] ( diagnosed or preclinical ) or as an inducement to attempt to lose weight as a means to improve health .

The second set of analyses ( fully adjusted ) were adjusted for all covariates and potential confounders : age , sex , race , poverty to income ratio , body mass index , prevalent cardiovascular disease , prevalent diabetes , prevalent chronic inflammatory condition , current acute illness , and use of alcohol , non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medication , aspirin , and estrogen replacement .
the second set of analyses ( fully adjusted ) were adjusted for all covariates and potential confounders : age , sex , race , poverty to income ratio , body mass index , prevalent cardiovascular disease , prevalent diabetes , prevalent chronic inflammatory [state] , current acute illness , and use of alcohol , non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medication , aspirin , and estrogen replacement .

The major findings echo the insights of the Amgen executive about credibility , and underline the importance of your star being perceived as generally trustworthy , and specifically knowledgeable about the condition on which they are hired to speak .
the major findings echo the insights of the amgen executive about credibility , and underline the importance of your star being perceived as generally trustworthy , and specifically knowledgeable about the [state] on which they are hired to speak .

The researchers concluded by recommending that drug companies choose a celebrity with personal experience of the target condition ; choose someone trustworthy—perhaps a newsreader or sports figure ; and choose someone who will promote a single cause or brand rather than multiple ones .
the researchers concluded by recommending that drug companies choose a celebrity with personal experience of the target [state] ; choose someone trustworthy—perhaps a newsreader or sports figure ; and choose someone who will promote a single cause or brand rather than multiple ones .

While Prince Charles 's companion Camilla Parker Bowles takes no money from drug companies , she did choose to make an important public statement about the bone condition osteoporosis at an international conference funded by Lilly , a company promoting a medication for the condition [ 8 ] .
while prince charles 's companion camilla parker bowles takes no money from drug companies , she did choose to make an important public statement about the bone [state] osteoporosis at an international conference funded by lilly , a company promoting a medication for the [state] [ 8 ] .

There have been six case reports of this condition , and in all cases it occurred in young children , suggesting a genetic predisposition [ 8 ] .
there have been six case reports of this [state] , and in all cases it occurred in young children , suggesting a genetic predisposition [ 8 ] .

Postherpetic neuralgia ( PHN ) is a chronically painful condition that is a complication of shingles ( acute herpes zoster ) , a recurrence of the varicella-zoster virus , which initially causes chickenpox .
postherpetic neuralgia ( phn ) is a chronically painful [state] that is a complication of shingles ( acute herpes zoster ) , a recurrence of the varicella-zoster virus , which initially causes chickenpox .

Experimental procedure All assays were done at least twice , with duplicates for each condition .
experimental procedure all assays were done at least twice , with duplicates for each [state] .

In the remaining 70 % of the postings , group members provided each other with what amounted to a crash course in their shared disease , discussing topics such as the anatomy , physiology , and natural history of the disorder ; treatment options and management guidelines for each form of treatment ; and treatment side effects , medical self-management , the day-to-day practicalities of living with the disease , and the effects of their condition on family and friends ( Table 1 ) .
in the remaining 70 % of the postings , group members provided each other with what amounted to a crash course in their shared disease , discussing topics such as the anatomy , physiology , and natural history of the disorder ; treatment options and management guidelines for each form of treatment ; and treatment side effects , medical self-management , the day-to-day practicalities of living with the disease , and the effects of their [state] on family and friends ( table 1 ) .

After observing the group , I realized that I had been providing my patients with a very limited subset of what I knew about their condition .
after observing the group , i realized that i had been providing my patients with a very limited subset of what i knew about their [state] .

However , there is evidence from epidemiological studies and clinical trials supporting the use of aspirin and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for this condition [ 4–10 ] .
however , there is evidence from epidemiological studies and clinical trials supporting the use of aspirin and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for this [state] [ 4–10 ] .

PDS is a very frequent disorder , with approximately 1 % of the population suffering from this condition .
pds is a very frequent disorder , with approximately 1 % of the population suffering from this [state] .

Charles Darwin also stuttered ; interestingly , his grandfather Erasmus Darwin suffered from the same condition , highlighting the fact that stuttering runs in families and is likely to have a genetic basis .
charles darwin also stuttered ; interestingly , his grandfather erasmus darwin suffered from the same [state] , highlighting the fact that stuttering runs in families and is likely to have a genetic basis .

Three independent experiments were performed for each cell line ; each experiment included four to eight replicates per condition .
three independent experiments were performed for each cell line ; each experiment included four to eight replicates per [state] .

While we support the recent announcement on trial registration by the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors—as a condition of considering a trial for publication , member journals will require registration of the trial in a public trials registry [ 3 ] —we believe that this policy addresses only part of the problem .
while we support the recent announcement on trial registration by the international committee of medical journal editors—as a [state] of considering a trial for publication , member journals will require registration of the trial in a public trials registry [ 3 ] —we believe that this policy addresses only part of the problem .

These results indicate that humans are not poor smellers ( a condition technically called microsmats ) , but rather are relatively good , perhaps even excellent , smellers ( macrosmats ) ( Laska et al .
these results indicate that humans are not poor smellers ( a [state] technically called microsmats ) , but rather are relatively good , perhaps even excellent , smellers ( macrosmats ) ( laska et al .

For the sake of this study , patients whose encounter forms did not indicate the presence of a condition were assumed to not have that condition .
for the sake of this study , patients whose encounter forms did not indicate the presence of a [state] were assumed to not have that [state] .

This can lead to a condition called imprinting , where the baby grows up thinking it is a people instead of a duck .
this can lead to a [state] called imprinting , where the baby grows up thinking it is a people instead of a duck .

Besides , Tim Russert added , casting Bush as a hothead would tread on McCain 's pre-existing condition , namely his temper .
besides , tim russert added , casting bush as a hothead would tread on mccain 's pre-existing [state] , namely his temper .

Hoelterhoff recently told the New York Times that at least some of the cancellations had to do with the condition of Bartoli 's brother Gabriele , who has had surgery for a brain tumor .
hoelterhoff recently told the new york times that at least some of the cancellations had to do with the [state] of bartoli 's brother gabriele , who has had surgery for a brain tumor .

At work between herself and us there wasA new principle of social awkwardnessAnd skillfulness required of each of us.Our tones of voice in this easy conversationWere instruments of marvelous finesse , Measuring and maintaining with exactitude '' The fact or condition of the differenceThere was between us , both in space and time .
at work between herself and us there wasa new principle of social awkwardnessand skillfulness required of each of us.our tones of voice in this easy conversationwere instruments of marvelous finesse , measuring and maintaining with exactitude '' the fact or [state] of the differencethere was between us , both in space and time .

The North Carolina verdict , which netted Williamson $ 500,000 , states that the therapist did not sufficiently follow up with Williamson after terminating their sessions , and did not sufficiently explain Williamson 's condition to him .
the north carolina verdict , which netted williamson $ 500,000 , states that the therapist did not sufficiently follow up with williamson after terminating their sessions , and did not sufficiently explain williamson 's [state] to him .

Under the agreement , Clinton offers no apology to Jones -- a condition which `` [ Jones ] had once called her most important demand , '' notes the NYT .
under the agreement , clinton offers no apology to jones -- a [state] which `` [ jones ] had once called her most important demand , '' notes the nyt .

He 's quoted , a liquidation of Long-Term would have made investors too frightened to take risks , and risk-taking is `` a necessary condition for wealth creation . ''
he 's quoted , a liquidation of long-term would have made investors too frightened to take risks , and risk-taking is `` a necessary [state] for wealth creation . ''

The second article was by critic and novelist David Gates in Newsweek , claiming in somewhat overblown newsweekly fashion that irony and ironic juxtapositions are `` an inevitable response to the human condition .
the second article was by critic and novelist david gates in newsweek , claiming in somewhat overblown newsweekly fashion that irony and ironic juxtapositions are `` an inevitable response to the human [state] .

The third was Slate 's own Chatterbox , who argues for irony on the charmingly loopy ground that it is a fin de siècle condition , and that one corrective for the fin de siècle condition is , historically , the election of non-ironic presidents , whose ranks might include not just Al Gore and Bill Bradley but also the frightening Gary Bauer , Orrin Hatch , and Alan Keyes .
the third was slate 's own chatterbox , who argues for irony on the charmingly loopy ground that it is a fin de siècle [state] , and that one corrective for the fin de siècle [state] is , historically , the election of non-ironic presidents , whose ranks might include not just al gore and bill bradley but also the frightening gary bauer , orrin hatch , and alan keyes .

The people on whose behalf David Gates is pleading -- Quentin Tarantino , Lorrie Moore , Beck -- would not be happy to know that their particular slant on life expresses the universal human condition .
the people on whose behalf david gates is pleading -- quentin tarantino , lorrie moore , beck -- would not be happy to know that their particular slant on life expresses the universal human [state] .

In most of the country , workers can be required to join a union or pay union dues as a condition of employment .
in most of the country , workers can be required to join a union or pay union dues as a [state] of employment .

As a condition of joining the European Union , Lithuania has agreed to ban a practice quite common in the United States .
as a [state] of joining the european union , lithuania has agreed to ban a practice quite common in the united states .

As a condition of joining the European Union , Lithuania has agreed to ban a practice quite common in the United States .
as a [state] of joining the european union , lithuania has agreed to ban a practice quite common in the united states .

The essence of the problem is the condition of the worst-off blacks in the urban ghetto .
the essence of the problem is the [state] of the worst-off blacks in the urban ghetto .

Example : `` 'The rules we 've always had is that politics stop at the shore , '' one senior White House official said , speaking on the condition of anonymity .
example : `` 'the rules we 've always had is that politics stop at the shore , '' one senior white house official said , speaking on the [state] of anonymity .

The world 's first surviving octuplets are in critical but stable condition .
the world 's first surviving octuplets are in critical but stable [state] .

The other seven remain in critical condition , though four are now breathing without ventilators .
the other seven remain in critical [state] , though four are now breathing without ventilators .

Prudie agrees with the late and witty Mo Udall , who said , in another context , `` That condition can be cured only with embalming fluid . ''
prudie agrees with the late and witty mo udall , who said , in another context , `` that [state] can be cured only with embalming fluid . ''

Then a Russian-American medical team led by renowned heart surgeon Michael DeBakey examined Yeltsin , pronounced his condition `` not bad at all , '' and predicted that although his surgery would be delayed a few weeks , he would probably serve out his term .
then a russian-american medical team led by renowned heart surgeon michael debakey examined yeltsin , pronounced his [state] `` not bad at all , '' and predicted that although his surgery would be delayed a few weeks , he would probably serve out his term .

Writing in the New York Review of Books , Luc Sante defends DeLillo against the perennial charge that his novels are schematic : `` Large thematic strokes may define his architecture , but within lies continual surprise at the fluidity and resilience of the human condition . ''
writing in the new york review of books , luc sante defends delillo against the perennial charge that his novels are schematic : `` large thematic strokes may define his architecture , but within lies continual surprise at the fluidity and resilience of the human [state] . ''

Mother Teresa suffered a near-fatal heart attack , checked into the hospital for the fourth time this year , received an emergency angioplasty , staged a surprising recovery ( attributed by doctors to her `` spiritual strength '' ) , suffered another setback , then improved slightly , but remained in critical condition with chronic lung and kidney trouble .
mother teresa suffered a near-fatal heart attack , checked into the hospital for the fourth time this year , received an emergency angioplasty , staged a surprising recovery ( attributed by doctors to her `` spiritual strength '' ) , suffered another setback , then improved slightly , but remained in critical [state] with chronic lung and kidney trouble .

In fact , Damon , who was one of the movie 's writers , attached himself to the project as an actor as a condition of its purchase .
in fact , damon , who was one of the movie 's writers , attached himself to the project as an actor as a [state] of its purchase .

True , if Miramax were not fond of `` using novices , '' they might have rejected Damon 's condition .
true , if miramax were not fond of `` using novices , '' they might have rejected damon 's [state] .

The conventional wisdom about impotence has changed : What was once considered a normal part of the aging process is now considered a treatable medical condition .
the conventional wisdom about impotence has changed : what was once considered a normal part of the aging process is now considered a treatable medical [state] .

In the 1970s , women who were willing to get an abortion , or who used contraception reliably , no longer found it necessary to condition sexual relations on a promise of marriage in the event of pregnancy .
in the 1970s , women who were willing to get an abortion , or who used contraception reliably , no longer found it necessary to [state] sexual relations on a promise of marriage in the event of pregnancy .

On one condition : Both parties must return to a genuine debate and stop bickering over who can present a better image of wistful middle-American family life .
on one [state] : both parties must return to a genuine debate and stop bickering over who can present a better image of wistful middle-american family life .

They jubilantly announced that the baby , born in May , shows no sign of the congenital condition .
they jubilantly announced that the baby , born in may , shows no sign of the congenital [state] .

GOP leaders appeased moderates by agreeing to condition the cuts on yearly reductions in the federal debt .
gop leaders appeased moderates by agreeing to [state] the cuts on yearly reductions in the federal debt .

Twenty million people suffer from this heart condition worldwide .
twenty million people suffer from this heart [state] worldwide .

The doctor explained this was not uncommon ( apparently the detergent used by some motels can cause an allergic reaction ) and sent her home with three different prescriptions , which returned her skin to its previous lustrous condition but rendered her semi-comatose .
the doctor explained this was not uncommon ( apparently the detergent used by some motels can cause an allergic reaction ) and sent her home with three different prescriptions , which returned her skin to its previous lustrous [state] but rendered her semi-comatose .

The tabs -- especially the Globe -- soon woke from their stupor and attacked the story with their usual zeal , claiming to have the inside track on everything from the `` secrets the tragic couple took to the grave '' to the precise condition of the victims ' bodies .
the tabs -- especially the globe -- soon woke from their stupor and attacked the story with their usual zeal , claiming to have the inside track on everything from the `` secrets the tragic couple took to the grave '' to the precise [state] of the victims ' bodies .

It said that while President Bill Clinton and French President Jacques Chirac had agreed to deny all but humanitarian aid to Yugoslavia while Milosevic remains in power , Japan opposes such a condition and has already pledged $ 200 million toward reconstruction .
it said that while president bill clinton and french president jacques chirac had agreed to deny all but humanitarian aid to yugoslavia while milosevic remains in power , japan opposes such a [state] and has already pledged $ 200 million toward reconstruction .

It 's true that , as he says , `` We 're electing someone to run the government , not minister to the condition of our souls . ''
it 's true that , as he says , `` we 're electing someone to run the government , not minister to the [state] of our souls . ''

In and out of the emergency room over the course of several nights , Pierce gets chummy with Burke 's estranged daughter , Mary ( Patricia Arquette ) , a lost soul whose shellshocked existence ( she begins to drift back into drug abuse ) seems tied in to her dad 's neither-living-nor-dead condition .
in and out of the emergency room over the course of several nights , pierce gets chummy with burke 's estranged daughter , mary ( patricia arquette ) , a lost soul whose shellshocked existence ( she begins to drift back into drug abuse ) seems tied in to her dad 's neither-living-nor-dead [state] .

A team of Canadian psychologists believes that Tourette 's syndrome -- the condition that leads patients to suffer muscular spasms and to blurt out obscenities -- may be a psychological rather than a physical disorder .
a team of canadian psychologists believes that tourette 's syndrome -- the [state] that leads patients to suffer muscular spasms and to blurt out obscenities -- may be a psychological rather than a physical disorder .

Cyrus Sanai replies : Dr. Duncan is correct that the HMOs administering the Oregon Health Plan may elect to cover conditions below the funding line , and no doubt many physicians do treat such conditions at no charge or by combining treatment with a condition falling above the line .
cyrus sanai replies : dr. duncan is correct that the hmos administering the oregon health plan may elect to cover conditions below the funding line , and no doubt many physicians do treat such conditions at no charge or by combining treatment with a [state] falling above the line .

Executive Editor Marcia Angell assumed the interim editor position on the condition that the medical society not use the name `` New England Journal '' in the title of new society-run publications .
executive editor marcia angell assumed the interim editor position on the [state] that the medical society not use the name `` new england journal '' in the title of new society-run publications .

Mistrust , for example , is a special condition .
mistrust , for example , is a special [state] .

The risk to the South Korean workers is reportedly `` negligible , '' but the condition of the 50 Japanese citizens who were exposed remains unclear .
the risk to the south korean workers is reportedly `` negligible , '' but the [state] of the 50 japanese citizens who were exposed remains unclear .

GOP leaders appeased moderates by agreeing to condition the cuts on yearly reductions in the federal debt .
gop leaders appeased moderates by agreeing to [state] the cuts on yearly reductions in the federal debt .

Pause for a moment and contemplate the possibilities for chaos in the human condition , then question no more the authenticity of Prudie 's correspondents .
pause for a moment and contemplate the possibilities for chaos in the human [state] , then question no more the authenticity of prudie 's correspondents .

Whether a condition is a problem requiring government remedies depends on how much of the condition there is .
whether a [state] is a problem requiring government remedies depends on how much of the [state] there is .

Since then , she has played her part just fine , establishing herself as a separate unit and not just `` standing by her man , '' like Dowd 's `` failed feminist , '' but standing by her family , like a grown-up -- a condition that Dowd herself curiously never seems to get any closer to as the years go by .
since then , she has played her part just fine , establishing herself as a separate unit and not just `` standing by her man , '' like dowd 's `` failed feminist , '' but standing by her family , like a grown-up -- a [state] that dowd herself curiously never seems to get any closer to as the years go by .

The vet 's records should attest to the cat 's precarious condition .
the vet 's records should attest to the cat 's precarious [state] .

One wonders what the outcome would have been had The Traveler been in residence when his pet 's condition was moving toward ... well , catatonic .
one wonders what the outcome would have been had the traveler been in residence when his pet 's [state] was moving toward ... well , catatonic .

This book has three elements : a description of the terrible present state and future prospects of the American economy , a theory of the causes of that dreadful condition , and a prescription for rescuing us .
this book has three elements : a description of the terrible present state and future prospects of the american economy , a theory of the causes of that dreadful [state] , and a prescription for rescuing us .

The description of our condition is grossly exaggerated .
the description of our [state] is grossly exaggerated .

The theory of the causes of the alleged condition is inadequately supported .
the theory of the causes of the alleged [state] is inadequately supported .

From the standpoint of human history , race is not the distinctive American condition -- freedom and prosperity are .
from the standpoint of human history , race is not the distinctive american [state] -- freedom and prosperity are .

The purpose of assistance by the IMF and foreign governments is to cushion that transition and help Korea get to its postcrisis condition .
the purpose of assistance by the imf and foreign governments is to cushion that transition and help korea get to its postcrisis [state] .

I would like to offer some musings on another kind of `` golden '' condition .
i would like to offer some musings on another kind of `` golden '' [state] .

Within the usual range of variation of the national condition , the difference between a golden national age and a not-so-golden national age is for most people unimportant when it comes to achieving a personal golden day .
within the usual range of variation of the national [state] , the difference between a golden national age and a not-so-golden national age is for most people unimportant when it comes to achieving a personal golden day .

I interviewed him recently , and found him to have a charm so forceful that it was akin to encountering a major climatic condition , which surprisingly few of the professionally famous do .
i interviewed him recently , and found him to have a charm so forceful that it was akin to encountering a major climatic [state] , which surprisingly few of the professionally famous do .

Clinton attached a condition to the treaty saying the U.S. would pull out if its stockpile is n't certified .
clinton attached a [state] to the treaty saying the u.s. would pull out if its stockpile is n't certified .

In line with conservative dogma , states would be free to set their own standards and select the tests that they would be obligated to give to every child between grades three and eight , every year , as a condition of receiving federal money .
in line with conservative dogma , states would be free to set their own standards and select the tests that they would be obligated to give to every child between grades three and eight , every year , as a [state] of receiving federal money .

Babel myth notwithstanding , it 's quite possible that multilingualism has always been part of the human condition .
babel myth notwithstanding , it 's quite possible that multilingualism has always been part of the human [state] .

Cunningham-Potier 's claim is followed by Metabolife 's Ellis saying , on camera : `` There 's nothing in the medical records that indicate that her condition was caused by Metabolife . ''
cunningham-potier 's claim is followed by metabolife 's ellis saying , on camera : `` there 's nothing in the medical records that indicate that her [state] was caused by metabolife . ''

Unfortunately , a reader might consider the article merely humorous , describing an impossible proposition , where in fact , the basics of The Servile State ( concentrated ownership and status-based laws governing employee-employer relations ) have been long established , and the need for slavery in the light of the increasingly degraded condition of the welfare class becomes more evident .
unfortunately , a reader might consider the article merely humorous , describing an impossible proposition , where in fact , the basics of the servile state ( concentrated ownership and status-based laws governing employee-employer relations ) have been long established , and the need for slavery in the light of the increasingly degraded [state] of the welfare class becomes more evident .

The sorry condition of popular cinema leaves film critics in a quandary .
the sorry [state] of popular cinema leaves film critics in a quandary .

They 're not overtly corrupt , but their standards are in a condition of collapse .
they 're not overtly corrupt , but their standards are in a [state] of collapse .

Such self-absorption seems very selfish when what I want to hear about is Bosnia and its condition on the eve of the elections .
such self-absorption seems very selfish when what i want to hear about is bosnia and its [state] on the eve of the elections .

It seems that the disease has cut a swath through a much broader sector of the population , and no longer requires testosterone poisoning as a condition of entry .
it seems that the disease has cut a swath through a much broader sector of the population , and no longer requires testosterone poisoning as a [state] of entry .

In 1965 came the famous Moynihan report on the condition of black families .
in 1965 came the famous moynihan report on the [state] of black families .

Neither Genovese nor Gutman would ever argue , like the Sons of Confederate Veterans , that slaves were happy in their condition as slaves .
neither genovese nor gutman would ever argue , like the sons of confederate veterans , that slaves were happy in their [state] as slaves .

They might agree that slaves were sometimes happy despite their condition as slaves .
they might agree that slaves were sometimes happy despite their [state] as slaves .

Anthony Hopkins plays the zillionaire communications baron whom Death enlists in the hope of understanding the human condition -- an odd choice for a tour guide , since most people 's condition does n't involve personal helicopters , sprawling mansions on Long Island Sound , or Manhattan apartments that sport Olympic-size swimming pools .
anthony hopkins plays the zillionaire communications baron whom death enlists in the hope of understanding the human [state] -- an odd choice for a tour guide , since most people 's [state] does n't involve personal helicopters , sprawling mansions on long island sound , or manhattan apartments that sport olympic-size swimming pools .

Leaking to -- or , as Starr put it , `` briefing '' -- reporters about the case on condition of anonymity was sneaky and unfair , but Starr decided it was OK because it was legally defensible .
leaking to -- or , as starr put it , `` briefing '' -- reporters about the case on [state] of anonymity was sneaky and unfair , but starr decided it was ok because it was legally defensible .

Justifying his attendance , Le Monde said that `` war brings inhumanity with it and peace is obviously the first condition of the rights of man . ''
justifying his attendance , le monde said that `` war brings inhumanity with it and peace is obviously the first [state] of the rights of man . ''

It is this obsession and lust for knowledge that caused the human condition ( suffering , evil , painful childbirth , etc . )
it is this obsession and lust for knowledge that caused the human [state] ( suffering , evil , painful childbirth , etc . )

Recently , he dropped in on Elton John at his country house in Berkshire and was shocked by his old friend 's condition : `` I 've never seen so much porcelain , '' he complained , wondering what happened to the glitterballs , strobe lights , amyl nitrate , cocaine , and louche young men .
recently , he dropped in on elton john at his country house in berkshire and was shocked by his old friend 's [state] : `` i 've never seen so much porcelain , '' he complained , wondering what happened to the glitterballs , strobe lights , amyl nitrate , cocaine , and louche young men .

All these high jinks have the Globe worried that DiCaprio could end up with the same medical condition for which the Star says Clinton is receiving treatment .
all these high jinks have the globe worried that dicaprio could end up with the same medical [state] for which the star says clinton is receiving treatment .

Before this condition caused her to resemble one of those ancient , frozen corpses that occasionally turns up in the Alps , Brolin melted her .
before this [state] caused her to resemble one of those ancient , frozen corpses that occasionally turns up in the alps , brolin melted her .

This is the condition that causes the penis to bend at an unusual angle ; for a time it was reported that this was the `` distinguishing characteristic '' of Clinton 's sex organ that Paula Jones was going to reveal .
this is the [state] that causes the penis to bend at an unusual angle ; for a time it was reported that this was the `` distinguishing characteristic '' of clinton 's sex organ that paula jones was going to reveal .

The skin condition got the Vietnam War supporter out of the draft .
the skin [state] got the vietnam war supporter out of the draft .

Moral indignation over the incident was almost overshadowed by disbelief that nobody had noticed her condition .
moral indignation over the incident was almost overshadowed by disbelief that nobody had noticed her [state] .

Further study will be required on the long-term psychological impact of this denial , a condition known clinically as Sorenseniasis .
further study will be required on the long-term psychological impact of this denial , a [state] known clinically as sorenseniasis .

At a book reading in Seattle some months ago , Roy told her audience that she 'd allowed The God to be published on the condition that it never be optioned .
at a book reading in seattle some months ago , roy told her audience that she 'd allowed the god to be published on the [state] that it never be optioned .

Jim Hodges asked the NAACP to drop the boycott on the condition that he push for a bill designating Martin Luther King Jr. 's birthday as a state holiday .
jim hodges asked the naacp to drop the boycott on the [state] that he push for a bill designating martin luther king jr. 's birthday as a state holiday .

In his book , Jacoby deplores what he characterizes as a sort of fall , from the Edenic condition of what he calls `` classical American intellectuals '' born at the turn of the century -- Lewis Mumford , Dwight Macdonald , and , inevitably , Edmund Wilson -- to the generation born after World War II , whose intellectuals , he claims , have all retreated into academia , where they have lost themselves in a thicket of specialized professional jargon .
in his book , jacoby deplores what he characterizes as a sort of fall , from the edenic [state] of what he calls `` classical american intellectuals '' born at the turn of the century -- lewis mumford , dwight macdonald , and , inevitably , edmund wilson -- to the generation born after world war ii , whose intellectuals , he claims , have all retreated into academia , where they have lost themselves in a thicket of specialized professional jargon .

As W. Jackson Bate -- my choice for the ultimate literary biographer of our time -- wrote of Samuel Johnson , Powell 's work would allow us to construct a vastly pessimistic vision of the human condition .
as w. jackson bate -- my choice for the ultimate literary biographer of our time -- wrote of samuel johnson , powell 's work would allow us to construct a vastly pessimistic vision of the human [state] .

Few artists have captured the condition well .
few artists have captured the [state] well .

For this reason , Perot deserves a share of the credit for the healthy condition of the economy today .
for this reason , perot deserves a share of the credit for the healthy [state] of the economy today .

They tap into a universal condition of childhood -- the sense of being misunderstood , different , special .
they tap into a universal [state] of childhood -- the sense of being misunderstood , different , special .

Within Britain , press opinion was generally divided between rejection of military action against Iraq and support for it on condition that it resulted in the elimination of Saddam Hussein .
within britain , press opinion was generally divided between rejection of military action against iraq and support for it on [state] that it resulted in the elimination of saddam hussein .

Libération 's editorial said that deep rivalries between Israeli communities of different regional origins explained `` the acceptance of the sinking of a peace process the success of which was the essential condition for Israel 's entry into adulthood . ''
libération 's editorial said that deep rivalries between israeli communities of different regional origins explained `` the acceptance of the sinking of a peace process the success of which was the essential [state] for israel 's entry into adulthood . ''

In the world 's current parlous condition , `` US leadership and prudent US policies are vital , '' it said .
in the world 's current parlous [state] , `` us leadership and prudent us policies are vital , '' it said .

There 's also the detail that one of Reagan 's former White House physicians first suspected trouble when he had an odd conversation with Reagan in September , 1992 -- more than two years before his condition was publicly acknowledged .
there 's also the detail that one of reagan 's former white house physicians first suspected trouble when he had an odd conversation with reagan in september , 1992 -- more than two years before his [state] was publicly acknowledged .

Here 's an idea : why not require these countries to swear off such weapons deals as a condition of receiving any IMF or U.S. bailout money ?
here 's an idea : why not require these countries to swear off such weapons deals as a [state] of receiving any imf or u.s. bailout money ?

Again , why not make such payments a condition of U.S. and international aid packages ?
again , why not make such payments a [state] of u.s. and international aid packages ?

One important grain of salt that the LAT waits until the 32nd paragraph to sprinkle : HMOs still can ( and the implication is , will ) prevent patients from suing under the bill by requiring their agreement to binding arbitration as a condition of treatment .
one important grain of salt that the lat waits until the 32nd paragraph to sprinkle : hmos still can ( and the implication is , will ) prevent patients from suing under the bill by requiring their agreement to binding arbitration as a [state] of treatment .

Roswell 's writers have clearly studied their teen romantic comedy history , and understand that an adequate representation of the teen condition requires the presence of well-meaning but oppressive adults and friends who try and try but just do n't get it , but also an absence of condescension .
roswell 's writers have clearly studied their teen romantic comedy history , and understand that an adequate representation of the teen [state] requires the presence of well-meaning but oppressive adults and friends who try and try but just do n't get it , but also an absence of condescension .

While other writers struggled with Paz 's definition of the Mexican condition , he wrote about Chinese calligraphy , Japanese haiku , the Marquis de Sade ( `` an enemy of love , '' yet paradoxically , a generous man ) , or obstacles to democracy in India ( he always thought there were useful parallels between Mexico 's and India 's struggles to set up a legitimate government ) .
while other writers struggled with paz 's definition of the mexican [state] , he wrote about chinese calligraphy , japanese haiku , the marquis de sade ( `` an enemy of love , '' yet paradoxically , a generous man ) , or obstacles to democracy in india ( he always thought there were useful parallels between mexico 's and india 's struggles to set up a legitimate government ) .

If Siegel 's theory is correct , then cities where `` riot ideology '' did not inform local policies should have had different outcomes in terms of fiscal policy , the quality of the public schools , and the condition of the local economies .
if siegel 's theory is correct , then cities where `` riot ideology '' did not inform local policies should have had different outcomes in terms of fiscal policy , the quality of the public schools , and the [state] of the local economies .

The self-burlesquing quality in the truly hip is relentless , which means that hip is a tragic condition .
the self-burlesquing quality in the truly hip is relentless , which means that hip is a tragic [state] .

One hopes ( and suspects ) that Houellebecq is describing not la condition humaine but la condition francaise .
one hopes ( and suspects ) that houellebecq is describing not la [state] humaine but la [state] francaise .

In summer we condition our air so that we will not sweat -- except when we go to the gym , where we pay someone money so that we can use our muscles .
in summer we [state] our air so that we will not sweat -- except when we go to the gym , where we pay someone money so that we can use our muscles .

Slate , the growth of labor-intensive exports from Third World countries , a development possible only because those countries are able to offset their disadvantages by competing on the basis of cheap labor , has brought about a huge improvement in the human condition , even if the wages look miserably low by our standards .
slate , the growth of labor-intensive exports from third world countries , a development possible only because those countries are able to offset their disadvantages by competing on the basis of cheap labor , has brought about a huge improvement in the human [state] , even if the wages look miserably low by our standards .

Much of the essay takes Du Bois to task for his `` inadequate interpretation of the human condition '' -- translation : Du Bois did n't fight hard enough for the rights of women , homosexuals , and other oppressed minorities and does n't seem to have thought much about writers like Tolstoy or Kafka -- and his `` inability to immerse himself fully in the rich cultural currents of black everyday life . ''
much of the essay takes du bois to task for his `` inadequate interpretation of the human [state] '' -- translation : du bois did n't fight hard enough for the rights of women , homosexuals , and other oppressed minorities and does n't seem to have thought much about writers like tolstoy or kafka -- and his `` inability to immerse himself fully in the rich cultural currents of black everyday life . ''

Indeed , first editions in pristine condition ought to be less valuable than most books , because it 's almost impossible to use them for their intended purpose -- i.e. , read them .
indeed , first editions in pristine [state] ought to be less valuable than most books , because it 's almost impossible to use them for their intended purpose -- i.e. , read them .

After my psychotic outburst of HMO-vitriol , I almost hesitate to comment on your remark about Christopher H. Smith , because regarding the deal that was worked out to impose `` anti-abortion '' restrictions on international Third World family planning aid programs as a condition of paying our long-overdue U.N. debt , I 'm on the verge of spinning out into berzerker mode again .
after my psychotic outburst of hmo-vitriol , i almost hesitate to comment on your remark about christopher h. smith , because regarding the deal that was worked out to impose `` anti-abortion '' restrictions on international third world family planning aid programs as a [state] of paying our long-overdue u.n. debt , i 'm on the verge of spinning out into berzerker mode again .

Courts have even upheld parents ' right to condition gifts on the heir 's abstaining from smoking or marrying someone of a certain religion or ethnicity .
courts have even upheld parents ' right to [state] gifts on the heir 's abstaining from smoking or marrying someone of a certain religion or ethnicity .

The condition can not require a violation of the law .
the [state] can not require a violation of the law .

The condition can not run counter to `` public policy . ''
the [state] can not run counter to `` public policy . ''

The condition can not last forever .
the [state] can not last forever .

In The Bell Curve ( 1994 ) , he said that some people -- namely blacks -- were genetically inferior , a condition that government could do nothing about .
in the bell curve ( 1994 ) , he said that some people -- namely blacks -- were genetically inferior , a [state] that government could do nothing about .

He was among the first to explore them with a level of intellectual verve and artistic sophistication that suggested to blacks and the world that there was , within the American dilemma of race , not only the expression of mere local and immediate political protest but the broad and rich possibilities of the human condition itself .
he was among the first to explore them with a level of intellectual verve and artistic sophistication that suggested to blacks and the world that there was , within the american dilemma of race , not only the expression of mere local and immediate political protest but the broad and rich possibilities of the human [state] itself .

He returned to Paris only when a severe stomach ulcer condition necessitated a last-minute operation .
he returned to paris only when a severe stomach ulcer [state] necessitated a last-minute operation .

A little pun in his Nobel lecture appears to gloss over , and even celebrate , the privations of underdevelopment : `` In the Antilles poverty is poetry with a ' v , ' une vie , a condition of life as well as of imagination . ''
a little pun in his nobel lecture appears to gloss over , and even celebrate , the privations of underdevelopment : `` in the antilles poverty is poetry with a ' v , ' une vie , a [state] of life as well as of imagination . ''

After six long years of marriage and one child , he was n't yet in `` dying condition , '' Clare complained , `` and I am not going to waste my life waiting for him to get in it . ''
after six long years of marriage and one child , he was n't yet in `` dying [state] , '' clare complained , `` and i am not going to waste my life waiting for him to get in it . ''

Then , as a byproduct of this change , it becomes possible once again for local government to begin to impose regulation on people on the Net , by forcing local servers to condition access based on the features of who people are .
then , as a byproduct of this change , it becomes possible once again for local government to begin to impose regulation on people on the net , by forcing local servers to [state] access based on the features of who people are .

Any reporter is free to walk up and ask an awkward question about his heart condition or his downward drift in the polls .
any reporter is free to walk up and ask an awkward question about his heart [state] or his downward drift in the polls .

The periods in a man 's life when he is most vulnerable to the condition , according to Smith and Cohen , are `` troughs '' -- moments of transition , such as leaving high school and entering college , leaving college and entering the job market , hitting 30 , and so on .
the periods in a man 's life when he is most vulnerable to the [state] , according to smith and cohen , are `` troughs '' -- moments of transition , such as leaving high school and entering college , leaving college and entering the job market , hitting 30 , and so on .

Thurston , a member of the editorial board that oversees the publication of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual , or DSM , said the group was debating whether to expand a previous category of addiction in order to cover the new condition .
thurston , a member of the editorial board that oversees the publication of the diagnostic and statistical manual , or dsm , said the group was debating whether to expand a previous category of addiction in order to cover the new [state] .

The main condition Helms seemed to have in mind was for the U.N. not to impose its `` utopian '' vision on America .
the main [state] helms seemed to have in mind was for the u.n. not to impose its `` utopian '' vision on america .

Within a few weeks , he was knocked out of the race by a combination of Bill Clinton 's effective demagoguery on Social Security and concerns about his medical condition .
within a few weeks , he was knocked out of the race by a combination of bill clinton 's effective demagoguery on social security and concerns about his medical [state] .

Yesterday , Bradley acknowledged that his irregular heartbeat , a condition known as atrial fibrillation , has been acting up .
yesterday , bradley acknowledged that his irregular heartbeat , a [state] known as atrial fibrillation , has been acting up .

Here Larry tells us that `` it becomes possible for local governments to begin to impose regulation on people on the Net , by forcing local servers to condition access based on the features of who people are . ''
here larry tells us that `` it becomes possible for local governments to begin to impose regulation on people on the net , by forcing local servers to [state] access based on the features of who people are . ''

The state could not condition the power of a newspaper to sell its paper on the willingness to sell its subscriber list , so why here ?
the state could not [state] the power of a newspaper to sell its paper on the willingness to sell its subscriber list , so why here ?

This strikes Culturebox as a mortal condition .
this strikes culturebox as a mortal [state] .

By giving a patient 's condition a medical name , we turn it into a medical abnormality .
by giving a patient 's [state] a medical name , we turn it into a medical abnormality .

More than that , once a condition is established as a diagnosis , society practically treats it as a crime not to do something about it .
more than that , once a [state] is established as a diagnosis , society practically treats it as a crime not to do something about it .

It 's no substitute for a doctor 's evaluation , but it can show how you 're doing in relation to your own previous condition and to others similarly treated .
it 's no substitute for a doctor 's evaluation , but it can show how you 're doing in relation to your own previous [state] and to others similarly treated .

He even envisions giving it at home via Internet TV and , if patients want , having the computer alert their doctors if the test finds their condition worsening .
he even envisions giving it at home via internet tv and , if patients want , having the computer alert their doctors if the test finds their [state] worsening .

Suicidal patients , whatever their age or condition , almost always suffer from addiction or mental disease .
suicidal patients , whatever their age or [state] , almost always suffer from addiction or mental disease .

Sure the big companies are more coy in their pitches -- the Hall 's Zinc Defense box says zinc `` may '' relieve cold symptoms and , in small print , denies making any claim to treating a health condition -- but that only makes the sham more effective .
sure the big companies are more coy in their pitches -- the hall 's zinc defense box says zinc `` may '' relieve cold symptoms and , in small print , denies making any claim to treating a health [state] -- but that only makes the sham more effective .

The study suggested that between 23 and 46 of every 1 million patients taking fen-phen would die from the condition each year .
the study suggested that between 23 and 46 of every 1 million patients taking fen-phen would die from the [state] each year .

A few late abortions are done for the mother 's health , to save her , for example , from possible disaster caused by an infected uterus or a newly diagnosed heart condition .
a few late abortions are done for the mother 's health , to save her , for example , from possible disaster caused by an infected uterus or a newly diagnosed heart [state] .

In Japan , Asahi Shimbun reported Sunday that one of the three workers responsible for the country 's worst ever nuclear accident , which took place this Sept. 30 , has been in critical condition since his heart temporarily stopped beating last Saturday .
in japan , asahi shimbun reported sunday that one of the three workers responsible for the country 's worst ever nuclear accident , which took place this sept. 30 , has been in critical [state] since his heart temporarily stopped beating last saturday .

A piece explains that the primary purpose of New Yorker cartoons is to caricature the human condition .
a piece explains that the primary purpose of new yorker cartoons is to caricature the human [state] .

These people manifestly prefer that to their prior condition .
these people manifestly prefer that to their prior [state] .

The only disability that needs more exposure this election cycle is the media 's Campaign Cognitive Disorder , a seemingly incurable condition whose symptoms are amnesia and treacle .
the only disability that needs more exposure this election cycle is the media 's campaign cognitive disorder , a seemingly incurable [state] whose symptoms are amnesia and treacle .

Compounding the confusion caused by these historical fluctuations are contradictory assessments of Broadway 's condition at any given moment .
compounding the confusion caused by these historical fluctuations are contradictory assessments of broadway 's [state] at any given moment .

When I recount this story to friends , this is where they start to smile , as if a diagnosis of my condition had suddenly become apparent .
when i recount this story to friends , this is where they start to smile , as if a diagnosis of my [state] had suddenly become apparent .

After all , if someone with post-traumatic stress disorder jumped 2 feet in the air every time a door slammed shut , good friends would be more concerned about the person 's condition , not the door .
after all , if someone with post-traumatic stress disorder jumped 2 feet in the air every time a door slammed shut , good friends would be more concerned about the person 's [state] , not the door .

We 're electing someone to run the government , not minister to the condition of our souls .
we 're electing someone to run the government , not minister to the [state] of our souls .

This is a condition , the Times notes , met by the country 's largest 50 cities .
this is a [state] , the times notes , met by the country 's largest 50 cities .

Uninsured sufferers from condition No .
uninsured sufferers from [state] no .

Human inequality is both part of the condition of our species and a specific necessity of the free-market economic system , which relies on incentives and differential rewards to motivate people .
human inequality is both part of the [state] of our species and a specific necessity of the free-market economic system , which relies on incentives and differential rewards to motivate people .

I 'm 31 , no looker , but reasonably attractive , in good physical condition , well educated , and employed in a challenging position that pays well .
i 'm 31 , no looker , but reasonably attractive , in good physical [state] , well educated , and employed in a challenging position that pays well .

Attacking NATO 's lack of commitment , the Observer opined that `` [ s ] o far Nato has prosecuted the war as if its aim was no more than to give Milosevic a salutary smack , with the Americans in particular rating the risk of one American military life before the lives of the thousands of civilians whose condition is the explicit reason for the intervention .
attacking nato 's lack of commitment , the observer opined that `` [ s ] o far nato has prosecuted the war as if its aim was no more than to give milosevic a salutary smack , with the americans in particular rating the risk of one american military life before the lives of the thousands of civilians whose [state] is the explicit reason for the intervention .

To Clark , the whole sordid mess comes down to this : `` If I did n't have a prostate condition that plumber would never have gotten close to Nicolette .
to clark , the whole sordid mess comes down to this : `` if i did n't have a prostate [state] that plumber would never have gotten close to nicolette .

It added , `` This is an essential condition for any settlement of the Kurd question . ''
it added , `` this is an essential [state] for any settlement of the kurd question . ''

The conservative spin : This proves homosexuality is a choice , not a natural condition , so it 's OK to stigmatize it .
the conservative spin : this proves homosexuality is a choice , not a natural [state] , so it 's ok to stigmatize it .

When asked whether `` the administration ought to insist '' that these requirements `` be met '' as a condition of negotiation , DeLay twice ducked the question .
when asked whether `` the administration ought to insist '' that these requirements `` be met '' as a [state] of negotiation , delay twice ducked the question .

Chic outfits in good condition date back only as far as about 1700 , or maybe a little before that .
chic outfits in good [state] date back only as far as about 1700 , or maybe a little before that .

Somewhere in the middle comes my ideal black comedy , in which humans are base but their emotions have weight , and the human condition , while irremediable , is leavened by the artist 's cheery sleight of hand .
somewhere in the middle comes my ideal black comedy , in which humans are base but their emotions have weight , and the human [state] , while irremediable , is leavened by the artist 's cheery sleight of hand .

In short , he 's being a real jerk and it makes me damned angry to see my friend suffering and stressing out because of this caveman , given her delicate condition .
in short , he 's being a real jerk and it makes me damned angry to see my friend suffering and stressing out because of this caveman , given her delicate [state] .

You can make these requests a condition of your continued support .
you can make these requests a [state] of your continued support .

You will not have to try to hide your condition or make up false explanations of it .
you will not have to try to hide your [state] or make up false explanations of it .

He will know to try to avoid exacerbating your condition and may be able to help alleviate it by sympathetic and understanding behavior .
he will know to try to avoid exacerbating your [state] and may be able to help alleviate it by sympathetic and understanding behavior .

She may feel that the absence of her natural father during her 18 years , however well that might be explained , contributed to her present condition .
she may feel that the absence of her natural father during her 18 years , however well that might be explained , contributed to her present [state] .

Last December , the United Nations eased up on the sanctions , allowing Iraq to sell $ 2-billion worth of oil every six months on the condition that the profits go toward food for Iraq 's people and war reparations to Kuwait .
last december , the united nations eased up on the sanctions , allowing iraq to sell $ 2-billion worth of oil every six months on the [state] that the profits go toward food for iraq 's people and war reparations to kuwait .

Why has n't natural selection consigned this miserable condition to the dustbin of evolutionary history ?
why has n't natural selection consigned this miserable [state] to the dustbin of evolutionary history ?

While it is true that a large part of the debate over same-sex marriage has focused on the moral and religious issues , marriage is also a legal condition with practical consequences .
while it is true that a large part of the debate over same-sex marriage has focused on the moral and religious issues , marriage is also a legal [state] with practical consequences .

The American Psychiatric Association does n't classify sex addiction as a medical condition , but that does n't prevent the pundits from making the diagnosis .
the american psychiatric association does n't classify sex addiction as a medical [state] , but that does n't prevent the pundits from making the diagnosis .

Moorer 's subsequent denial that he meant to endorse the sarin/defectors charge is not surprising ( though the fact -- which CNN/ Time also failed to mention -- that he is 87 and not in top mental condition is suggestive ) .
moorer 's subsequent denial that he meant to endorse the sarin/defectors charge is not surprising ( though the fact -- which cnn/ time also failed to mention -- that he is 87 and not in top mental [state] is suggestive ) .

We 're more concerned about politicians ' performance in office than about the condition of their marriage vows .
we 're more concerned about politicians ' performance in office than about the [state] of their marriage vows .

The condition of blacks is improving , but there is strong evidence -- see , for example , Orlando Patterson 's new book The Ordeal of Integration -- that affirmative action has played an essential role in fostering both integration and the growth of the black middle class .
the [state] of blacks is improving , but there is strong evidence -- see , for example , orlando patterson 's new book the ordeal of integration -- that affirmative action has played an essential role in fostering both integration and the growth of the black middle class .

In short , you no longer have an excuse not to explore the riches of Slate , past and present , whenever the need arises for insight on any aspect of the human condition .
in short , you no longer have an excuse not to explore the riches of slate , past and present , whenever the need arises for insight on any aspect of the human [state] .

Perhaps their feelings of increased loneliness are reflections of a deepened understanding of the human condition .
perhaps their feelings of increased loneliness are reflections of a deepened understanding of the human [state] .

If voters ignored the condition of the economy in choosing their president , they would be even less realistic .
if voters ignored the [state] of the economy in choosing their president , they would be even less realistic .

Johnson also claims that he agreed to plead guilty on the condition that his identity be kept secret .
johnson also claims that he agreed to plead guilty on the [state] that his identity be kept secret .

The pro-coverage spin , from the pill 's manufacturer , Pfizer : Impotence is a `` serious medical condition that can seriously diminish men 's self-esteem and affect their relationships . ''
the pro-coverage spin , from the pill 's manufacturer , pfizer : impotence is a `` serious medical [state] that can seriously diminish men 's self-esteem and affect their relationships . ''

Reports indicate Starr is willing to give Clinton the first condition but none of the others .
reports indicate starr is willing to give clinton the first [state] but none of the others .

The story notes that a 1978 federal law bars discrimination based on `` pregnancy , giving birth or a related medical condition , '' but that the court ruled that it did n't apply to her case because caring for a child is a gender-neutral `` social role , '' not a condition related to childbirth .
the story notes that a 1978 federal law bars discrimination based on `` pregnancy , giving birth or a related medical [state] , '' but that the court ruled that it did n't apply to her case because caring for a child is a gender-neutral `` social role , '' not a [state] related to childbirth .

It seemed to be a subject of considerable anxiety for Hillary , who worried out loud to a few close friends that she might find it impossible to become pregnant because of a medical condition . ''
it seemed to be a subject of considerable anxiety for hillary , who worried out loud to a few close friends that she might find it impossible to become pregnant because of a medical [state] . ''

Although that sentence seems to imply it was Hillary who was presumed to have the `` medical condition , '' Stewart does n't really say .
although that sentence seems to imply it was hillary who was presumed to have the `` medical [state] , '' stewart does n't really say .

The FTC seems inclined to steer a middle course : Permit the merger , on condition that Office Behemoth sell off 63 superstores to the remaining competitor , Office Max .
the ftc seems inclined to steer a middle course : permit the merger , on [state] that office behemoth sell off 63 superstores to the remaining competitor , office max .

Anyway , after copying the three .dll files back into the directory where they came from , restarting Windows , and reinstalling Internet Explorer , the experiment is over and your computer should be back in its original condition .
anyway , after copying the three .dll files back into the directory where they came from , restarting windows , and reinstalling internet explorer , the experiment is over and your computer should be back in its original [state] .

A boxer can not fight with a heart condition or dementia .
a boxer can not fight with a heart [state] or dementia .

The papers explain that the central issue in the Intel case was whether it was monopolistic for the company to require computer manufacturers to share details about their machines as a condition for their getting information about Intel chips .
the papers explain that the central issue in the intel case was whether it was monopolistic for the company to require computer manufacturers to share details about their machines as a [state] for their getting information about intel chips .

Curiously , the story does not report on the condition of the cow .
curiously , the story does not report on the [state] of the cow .

The U.S. and Canada therefore now should , write the authors , as a condition of lifting U.S. economic sanctions , make India withhold that plutonium from its weapons program .
the u.s. and canada therefore now should , write the authors , as a [state] of lifting u.s. economic sanctions , make india withhold that plutonium from its weapons program .

At issue in the Times lead is the 1996 Kennedy-Kassebaum law , which guarantees people losing group health care coverage alternative access to individual policies regardless of any preexisting medical condition , and provides for uninterrupted coverage for those moving from one job to another .
at issue in the times lead is the 1996 kennedy-kassebaum law , which guarantees people losing group health care coverage alternative access to individual policies regardless of any preexisting medical [state] , and provides for uninterrupted coverage for those moving from one job to another .

The order also grants Medicare beneficiaries the right to obtain information about the financial condition of a private heath plan and about how its doctors are paid .
the order also grants medicare beneficiaries the right to obtain information about the financial [state] of a private heath plan and about how its doctors are paid .

The result is , in large measure , a catalogue of the treatment once given in those older dictionaries that might , in an entry for kink , have defined it as a condition of a piece of wire then continued with , hence , kinky twisted , abnormal , perverted .
the result is , in large measure , a catalogue of the treatment once given in those older dictionaries that might , in an entry for kink , have defined it as a [state] of a piece of wire then continued with , hence , kinky twisted , abnormal , perverted .

To the best of my knowledge , the American expression is come up smelling like a rose survive an ordeal untainted or even in enhanced condition ; Wilkinson has smell like a rose [ Amer ] be pure and innocent .
to the best of my knowledge , the american expression is come up smelling like a rose survive an ordeal untainted or even in enhanced [state] ; wilkinson has smell like a rose [ amer ] be pure and innocent .

Laurence Urdang Witty Words : A Hilarious Collection of Outrageous Quotations for Every Day of the Year Conversational Joking : Humor in Everyday Talk There must exist some standard , somewhere , for what passes as witty , funny , hilarious , but it probably changes hourly and depends on the age , religion , race , financial condition , location , and other characteristics of the observer .
laurence urdang witty words : a hilarious collection of outrageous quotations for every day of the year conversational joking : humor in everyday talk there must exist some standard , somewhere , for what passes as witty , funny , hilarious , but it probably changes hourly and depends on the age , religion , race , financial [state] , location , and other characteristics of the observer .

Evidently , a neighbor learned of the woman 's condition , whispered the word sex to her as she was passing through the lobby of the apartment house where they live , whereupon she dropped , unconscious , to the floor , and he sexually molested her -- presumably after moving her to a more private venue .
evidently , a neighbor learned of the woman 's [state] , whispered the word sex to her as she was passing through the lobby of the apartment house where they live , whereupon she dropped , unconscious , to the floor , and he sexually molested her -- presumably after moving her to a more private venue .

The Septuagint translates qaran , in the passage of Exodus 34:29 , with a Greek verb used in the New Testament to mean : “ to praise , extol , magnify , celebrate ; to honor , do honor to , hold in honor ; to make glorious , adorn with lustre , clothe with splendor ; to make renowned , render illustrious , i.e. , to cause the dignity and worth of some person or thing to become manifest and acknowledged ; to exalt to a glorious rank or condition ... ” ( Thayer , A Greek-English Lexicon of the New Testament ) .
the septuagint translates qaran , in the passage of exodus 34:29 , with a greek verb used in the new testament to mean : “ to praise , extol , magnify , celebrate ; to honor , do honor to , hold in honor ; to make glorious , adorn with lustre , clothe with splendor ; to make renowned , render illustrious , i.e. , to cause the dignity and worth of some person or thing to become manifest and acknowledged ; to exalt to a glorious rank or [state] ... ” ( thayer , a greek-english lexicon of the new testament ) .

Eventually , the situation was recognized by the Ministry of Health and passing an examination in English -- of a sort -- became a condition of employment .
eventually , the situation was recognized by the ministry of health and passing an examination in english -- of a sort -- became a [state] of employment .

One begins to get some idea of the extent of the problem reading Parkinson 's list of just a few of the colloquial expressions for pregnancy : Away the trip ( Scottish working class ) , to be caught , to be expecting , to be having a baby , to be in a delicate condition , to be in an interesting condition , to be in pig , to be in pod , to be in the family way , to be in the pudding club , to be preggers , to be so , to be up the pole , to be up the stick , to catch on , to catch the virus , to fall for a baby , to have a bun in the oven , to have a touch of the sun .
one begins to get some idea of the extent of the problem reading parkinson 's list of just a few of the colloquial expressions for pregnancy : away the trip ( scottish working class ) , to be caught , to be expecting , to be having a baby , to be in a delicate [state] , to be in an interesting [state] , to be in pig , to be in pod , to be in the family way , to be in the pudding club , to be preggers , to be so , to be up the pole , to be up the stick , to catch on , to catch the virus , to fall for a baby , to have a bun in the oven , to have a touch of the sun .

In the same year , Jhirmack introduced Lite Shampoo , Lite Conditioner , and Lite Mousse , which are designed to clean , condition , and style one 's hair without build-up .
in the same year , jhirmack introduced lite shampoo , lite conditioner , and lite mousse , which are designed to clean , [state] , and style one 's hair without build-up .

According to the EFL Gazette [ June 1988 ] , a judge in Birmingham , England , was outraged that a Pakistani , resident in Britain for 23 years , had the effrontery to be so ignorant of English as to need an interpreter in court ; he sentenced the culprit to two years ' probation with the condition that he learn the language .
according to the efl gazette [ june 1988 ] , a judge in birmingham , england , was outraged that a pakistani , resident in britain for 23 years , had the effrontery to be so ignorant of english as to need an interpreter in court ; he sentenced the culprit to two years ' probation with the [state] that he learn the language .

In some ways , the fields of psychology and psychiatry can be said to rely on the ability of the practitioner to give a name to a condition , whether it be normality , schizophrenia , paranoia , or some other term .
in some ways , the fields of psychology and psychiatry can be said to rely on the ability of the practitioner to give a name to a [state] , whether it be normality , schizophrenia , paranoia , or some other term .

Syntactically speaking , the apodosis , or consequence , is not linked to the protasis , or condition , and this causes semantic confusion .
syntactically speaking , the apodosis , or consequence , is not linked to the protasis , or [state] , and this causes semantic confusion .

In order to consult a reference book , one must first acknowledge either ignorance or insecurity , neither of which is either a crime or a reprehensible condition : many people are very certain about things about which they are dead wrong , thus never look them up to check their accuracy .
in order to consult a reference book , one must first acknowledge either ignorance or insecurity , neither of which is either a crime or a reprehensible [state] : many people are very certain about things about which they are dead wrong , thus never look them up to check their accuracy .

The announcement came out as , The condition of Pipe Pois grows steadily worse .
the announcement came out as , the [state] of pipe pois grows steadily worse .

The road leading to Laurel Heights ( where the editorial offices of VERBATIM are situated and which is , believe it or not , somewhat elevated from the surrounding land , a laurel or two can actually be found there , too ) is named Boggy Hole Road , an apt name till a year ago or so , when the town of Old Lyme rebuilt it , widened it , paved it , and provided it with drainage ; it is now in such good condition that I have suggested that the name be changed to Boggy Hole Boulevard , an idea that has not found much favor at the town hall .
the road leading to laurel heights ( where the editorial offices of verbatim are situated and which is , believe it or not , somewhat elevated from the surrounding land , a laurel or two can actually be found there , too ) is named boggy hole road , an apt name till a year ago or so , when the town of old lyme rebuilt it , widened it , paved it , and provided it with drainage ; it is now in such good [state] that i have suggested that the name be changed to boggy hole boulevard , an idea that has not found much favor at the town hall .

It is always an acquired condition , and as such is to be distinguished from amentia , which is either a congenital state or one closely connected with that period .
it is always an acquired [state] , and as such is to be distinguished from amentia , which is either a congenital state or one closely connected with that period .

The condition is attributed to disease or decay of the brain and is acquired .
the [state] is attributed to disease or decay of the brain and is acquired .

As the standards slip in the marketplace , so they move on down the slippery slope in the education place , with older , wiser , more dedicated , better educated teachers gradually but ineluctably replaced by those who have not a scintilla of enlightenment regarding the meaning of contrary-to-fact condition , comma splice , or double genitive .
as the standards slip in the marketplace , so they move on down the slippery slope in the education place , with older , wiser , more dedicated , better educated teachers gradually but ineluctably replaced by those who have not a scintilla of enlightenment regarding the meaning of contrary-to-fact [state] , comma splice , or double genitive .

Humility is a desirable attribute of those who deal with language , and it ill behooves purists and precisions to turn their noses up at vulgarians and others who fail to preserve the language in its supposedly pristine condition .
humility is a desirable attribute of those who deal with language , and it ill behooves purists and precisions to turn their noses up at vulgarians and others who fail to preserve the language in its supposedly pristine [state] .

People who cleave to such attitudes may also scorn slang , but they are very often unaware of the true pristine condition of the language or of the origins of words that are standard in contemporary speech .
people who cleave to such attitudes may also scorn slang , but they are very often unaware of the true pristine [state] of the language or of the origins of words that are standard in contemporary speech .

I should add that where Pepys phonetically wrote then he meant than and that he used the adjective handsome to describe his financial condition , as we would rarely do today .
i should add that where pepys phonetically wrote then he meant than and that he used the adjective handsome to describe his financial [state] , as we would rarely do today .

This would logically appear to be a technical psychological coinage useful for referring to a personality or condition that is excessively rigid or stubborn .
this would logically appear to be a technical psychological coinage useful for referring to a personality or [state] that is excessively rigid or stubborn .

His compulsion emerged when both President and Mrs. Bush were diagnosed as having Graves 's disease , one of several eponyms for hyperthyroidism , a common condition caused by excessive secretion of thyroid hormone .
his compulsion emerged when both president and mrs. bush were diagnosed as having graves 's disease , one of several eponyms for hyperthyroidism , a common [state] caused by excessive secretion of thyroid hormone .

Occasionally , one hears , She taught him everything he knows or He taught her everything she knows , curious expressions when you come to think about them ; indeed , they state an impossible condition .
occasionally , one hears , she taught him everything he knows or he taught her everything she knows , curious expressions when you come to think about them ; indeed , they state an impossible [state] .

What can be said about the condition of denizens of Flipping , West Virginia , and Looneyville , Texas ?
what can be said about the [state] of denizens of flipping , west virginia , and looneyville , texas ?

