Our discussion of this involves using Erik Erikson's schema of `` identity vs. identity diffusion '' as a conceptual tool in superimposing a few common denominators onto the diverse personality and family configurations of the unwed mothers from whose case histories we quoted earlier .
our discussion of this involves using erik erikson's schema of `` identity vs. identity diffusion '' as a conceptual tool in superimposing a few common denominators onto the diverse personality and family [setups] of the unwed mothers from whose case histories we quoted earlier .

Calculations within the Copernican framework always raised questions about planetary configurations .
calculations within the copernican framework always raised questions about planetary [setups] .

My memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink , scented stationery and the unsloped , almost printed configurations of her neat , studious handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer , so many sentences beginning with `` Remember when ; ;
my memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink , scented stationery and the unsloped , almost printed [setups] of her neat , studious handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer , so many sentences beginning with `` remember when ; ;

There will be three possible configurations for the venue , currently all-standing .
there will be three possible [setups] for the venue , currently all-standing .

It will be appreciated that ladder filters with configurations other than the one considered so far are possible .
it will be appreciated that ladder filters with [setups] other than the one considered so far are possible .

Sometimes the transistor is operated with advantage as an amplifying four-terminal network with the collector or base rather than emitter common between input and output , giving the so-called common-collector and common-base configurations .
sometimes the transistor is operated with advantage as an amplifying four-terminal network with the collector or base rather than emitter common between input and output , giving the so-called common-collector and common-base [setups] .

Hybrid parameters relevant to the three configurations are distinguished by adding a second subscript so that , for example , the common-emitter h-parameters are denoted by , , and .
hybrid parameters relevant to the three [setups] are distinguished by adding a second subscript so that , for example , the common-emitter h-parameters are denoted by , , and .

Consider the basic so-called inverting and noninverting operational amplifier configurations featuring negative feedback that are depicted in figures 10.9 ( a ) and ( b ) respectively .
consider the basic so-called inverting and noninverting operational amplifier [setups] featuring negative feedback that are depicted in figures 10.9 ( a ) and ( b ) respectively .

Of course , then these guys took it into ninth tunings and strange sixth configurations , and everybody 's got their own bag of tunings .
of course , then these guys took it into ninth tunings and strange sixth [setups] , and everybody 's got their own bag of tunings .

If the planets had simply been ‘ collected ’ by the Sun in its travels they would not all have similar orbital configurations .
if the planets had simply been ‘ collected ’ by the sun in its travels they would not all have similar orbital [setups] .

At first the change in bodily configurations was probably an aid to efficient swimming .
at first the change in bodily [setups] was probably an aid to efficient swimming .

Many manufacturers have their own breathable fabrics these days , others use Sympatex or the best known top-of-the-range breathable , Gore-Tex , which is available in a variety of configurations .
many manufacturers have their own breathable fabrics these days , others use sympatex or the best known top-of-the-range breathable , gore-tex , which is available in a variety of [setups] .

Records made by one manufacturer will not play on equipment designed with rival configurations in mind .
records made by one manufacturer will not play on equipment designed with rival [setups] in mind .

Even such things as the maximum angle of bank in certain configurations are specified , so once a pilot sets out on a particular flight his actions , or at least the manner in which he should fly the aeroplane , are known in precise detail .
even such things as the maximum angle of bank in certain [setups] are specified , so once a pilot sets out on a particular flight his actions , or at least the manner in which he should fly the aeroplane , are known in precise detail .

We have the design engineering skills — and the computer aided drawing resources — to produce the optimum configurations for any size and shape of roof .
we have the design engineering skills — and the computer aided drawing resources — to produce the optimum [setups] for any size and shape of roof .

More the kind of face-lift marketing men give an old product when launching it with a new package , less a shift of political culture and strategy rooted in the configurations of modern social change .
more the kind of face-lift marketing men give an old product when launching it with a new package , less a shift of political culture and strategy rooted in the [setups] of modern social change .

While the characters flirt with each other in improbable configurations , love , marriage and money come under the microscope .
while the characters flirt with each other in improbable [setups] , love , marriage and money come under the microscope .

The mid-range market is most ripe for open systems , he says , because of the availability of low-cost , high-performance systems that span replicated site configurations linked to departmental server configurations connected to loosely-coupled multi-processing central processing units .
the mid-range market is most ripe for open systems , he says , because of the availability of low-cost , high-performance systems that span replicated site [setups] linked to departmental server [setups] connected to loosely-coupled multi-processing central processing units .

SunSoft has several configurations of Solaris x86 available .
sunsoft has several [setups] of solaris x86 available .

One important lesson which one can draw from this historical analysis is that it may not be possible to predetermine the nature of the proper relationship between politics and the press : each era spawns different sets of relationships which are closely linked to particular configurations of social , political and economic forces .
one important lesson which one can draw from this historical analysis is that it may not be possible to predetermine the nature of the proper relationship between politics and the press : each era spawns different sets of relationships which are closely linked to particular [setups] of social , political and economic forces .

For example , they show an early preference for face-like configurations compared with other equally complex geometrical designs , and this soon develops into an interest in real faces .
for example , they show an early preference for face-like [setups] compared with other equally complex geometrical designs , and this soon develops into an interest in real faces .

The electrons and muons in these molecules can take up several different configurations , each with their own characteristic energy .
the electrons and muons in these molecules can take up several different [setups] , each with their own characteristic energy .

The Sun-Saturn aspect on the 4th could pose a small threat to your equilibrium as could the configurations between the 10th and 14th — friendships and financial affairs are vulnerable then .
the sun-saturn aspect on the 4th could pose a small threat to your equilibrium as could the [setups] between the 10th and 14th — friendships and financial affairs are vulnerable then .

This suffering may be associated with rapidly changing configurations of personality , being a new person one day , and sinking back into the old self on the next , only to find that some minor episode puts the new organisation of self again in a position of regnancy .
this suffering may be associated with rapidly changing [setups] of personality , being a new person one day , and sinking back into the old self on the next , only to find that some minor episode puts the new organisation of self again in a position of regnancy .

Once again , it is the oscillating motion of the cross within the circle which symbolizes that forthcoming conflict between positive , evolutionary forces and negative dissolutionary forces during life on Earth that gives birth to the Swastika in both its configurations , i.e. right-angled or left-angled .
once again , it is the oscillating motion of the cross within the circle which symbolizes that forthcoming conflict between positive , evolutionary forces and negative dissolutionary forces during life on earth that gives birth to the swastika in both its [setups] , i.e. right-angled or left-angled .

The Swastika in both its configurations adorning the fence at the one-time residence in Athens of Schliemann , the founder of Troy .
the swastika in both its [setups] adorning the fence at the one-time residence in athens of schliemann , the founder of troy .

Trinomic Cushioning and stability concept made up of varying configurations of individual hexagonal cells .
trinomic cushioning and stability concept made up of varying [setups] of individual hexagonal cells .

The roiling forms of her face resolved themselves like pieces of a multi-faceted jigsaw , turning and turning as they found their place , concealing countless other configurations — rare , wretched , bestial , dazzling — behind the shell of a congruous reality .
the roiling forms of her face resolved themselves like pieces of a multi-faceted jigsaw , turning and turning as they found their place , concealing countless other [setups] — rare , wretched , bestial , dazzling — behind the shell of a congruous reality .

The other configurations of front points are generally found on crampons better suited to pure snow and ice routes .
the other [setups] of front points are generally found on crampons better suited to pure snow and ice routes .

Local social structures are characterised by particular configurations of skill , by gender relations and by communal bonding .
local social structures are characterised by particular [setups] of skill , by gender relations and by communal bonding .

Flexible and adaptive public policy configurations co-opt popular struggles and disorganize working class militancy .
flexible and adaptive public policy [setups] co-opt popular struggles and disorganize working class militancy .

Sun Dragon , the company 's bow to mainframe-capacity servers , is expected to be initially available in configurations of two to twenty processors starting at $ 100,000 .
sun dragon , the company 's bow to mainframe-capacity servers , is expected to be initially available in [setups] of two to twenty processors starting at $ 100,000 .

Configurations need 16Mb or more to achieve acceptable performance .
[setups] need 16mb or more to achieve acceptable performance .

From mankind 's point of view the varying configurations of these 329 million cubic miles present a variety of conveniences and opportunities .
from mankind 's point of view the varying [setups] of these 329 million cubic miles present a variety of conveniences and opportunities .

This might explain why the universe started off in the big bang in almost perfect thermal equilibrium , because thermal equilibrium would correspond to the largest number of microscopic configurations and hence the greatest probability .
this might explain why the universe started off in the big bang in almost perfect thermal equilibrium , because thermal equilibrium would correspond to the largest number of microscopic [setups] and hence the greatest probability .

In other words , a black hole of a given mass , angular momentum , and electric charge could have been formed by the collapse of any one of a large number of different configurations of matter .
in other words , a black hole of a given mass , angular momentum , and electric charge could have been formed by the collapse of any one of a large number of different [setups] of matter .

Indeed , if quantum effects are neglected , the number of configurations would be infinite , since the black hole could have been formed by the collapse of a cloud of an indefinitely large number of particles of indefinitely low mass .
indeed , if quantum effects are neglected , the number of [setups] would be infinite , since the black hole could have been formed by the collapse of a cloud of an indefinitely large number of particles of indefinitely low mass .

It therefore appears that the number of configurations that could form a black hole of a given mass , angular momentum , and electric charge , although very large , may be finite .
it therefore appears that the number of [setups] that could form a black hole of a given mass , angular momentum , and electric charge , although very large , may be finite .

This means that all combinations or configurations of emitted particles that have the same energy , angular momentum , and electric charge are equally probable .
this means that all combinations or [setups] of emitted particles that have the same energy , angular momentum , and electric charge are equally probable .

Indeed , it is possible that the black hole could emit a television set or the works of Proust in ten leatherbound volumes , but the number of configurations of particles that correspond to these exotic possibilities is vanishingly small .
indeed , it is possible that the black hole could emit a television set or the works of proust in ten leatherbound volumes , but the number of [setups] of particles that correspond to these exotic possibilities is vanishingly small .

By far the largest number of configurations correspond to emission with a spectrum that is nearly thermal .
by far the largest number of [setups] correspond to emission with a spectrum that is nearly thermal .

We have seen that there may be many punishment strategies , and relative to anyone of them there may be a very large set of sustainable price-output configurations .
we have seen that there may be many punishment strategies , and relative to anyone of them there may be a very large set of sustainable price-output [setups] .

On the whole , however , deviant grammatical configurations are simply not acceptable in most contexts .
on the whole , however , deviant grammatical [setups] are simply not acceptable in most contexts .

All three of the speaker variables discussed so far are associated in some way with the individual 's place in intersecting social configurations .
all three of the speaker variables discussed so far are associated in some way with the individual 's place in intersecting social [setups] .

( Lexical configurations of this sort are discussed in chapter 5 . )
( lexical [setups] of this sort are discussed in chapter 5 . )

Lexical configurations
lexical [setups]

Other possible configurations , which will not , however , be discussed here at any length , are doublets ( exemplified by pairs of opposites — see chapters 9 , 10 and 11 ) , and clusters , which are groupings of lexical items characterised by a lack of structure ( some groups of synonyms appear to be of this nature — see chapter 12 ) .
other possible [setups] , which will not , however , be discussed here at any length , are doublets ( exemplified by pairs of opposites — see chapters 9 , 10 and 11 ) , and clusters , which are groupings of lexical items characterised by a lack of structure ( some groups of synonyms appear to be of this nature — see chapter 12 ) .

The final possible design configurations shows the process focused on the scheming stage ( see Figure 1.7 ) .
the final possible design [setups] shows the process focused on the scheming stage ( see figure 1.7 ) .

Normal was what people said some of their actions and relations were , from time to time , and in Marcus 's experience what they said they were bore only a vague relation to their actual forms and configurations .
normal was what people said some of their actions and relations were , from time to time , and in marcus 's experience what they said they were bore only a vague relation to their actual forms and [setups] .

And Vincent Van Gogh ? Provence is as he painted it , we use his images as icons by which to recognise certain things , the cypresses above all , the olives , some configurations of rock and vegetation , the line of the Alpilles , the plain of the Crau , the light itself .
and vincent van gogh ? provence is as he painted it , we use his images as icons by which to recognise certain things , the cypresses above all , the olives , some [setups] of rock and vegetation , the line of the alpilles , the plain of the crau , the light itself .

We have so far considered point charges , dipoles , line charges , and sheet charges without enquiring into the problem how such configurations of charges come about .
we have so far considered point charges , dipoles , line charges , and sheet charges without enquiring into the problem how such [setups] of charges come about .

It is also possible to define a mirror charge in a conducting sphere and in some purely dielectric configurations but we will not discuss them here .
it is also possible to define a mirror charge in a conducting sphere and in some purely dielectric [setups] but we will not discuss them here .

Can one determine the inductance of any of the practical configurations with relative ease ?
can one determine the inductance of any of the practical [setups] with relative ease ?

Until finally , sure enough , whole new configurations begin to erupt .
until finally , sure enough , whole new [setups] begin to erupt .

Control of your performance is achieved by the combination of attitude and power , and it is essential that you should know just what the attitude and power is — in various configurations — for every performance you might need to set up in the aircraft you normally fly .
control of your performance is achieved by the combination of attitude and power , and it is essential that you should know just what the attitude and power is — in various [setups] — for every performance you might need to set up in the aircraft you normally fly .

Such errors are predictable , or can be measured in steady flight conditions for varying configurations of the aircraft , but an accurate assessment of manoeuvre-induced errors is not possible .
such errors are predictable , or can be measured in steady flight conditions for varying [setups] of the aircraft , but an accurate assessment of manoeuvre-induced errors is not possible .

The errors are likely to be more significant during changes of pitch attitude than during manoeuvres involving roll or yaw , since in normal flight configurations the latter manoeuvres tend to be smaller in amplitude and duration than is the case with pitch changes .
the errors are likely to be more significant during changes of pitch attitude than during manoeuvres involving roll or yaw , since in normal flight [setups] the latter manoeuvres tend to be smaller in amplitude and duration than is the case with pitch changes .

in 1929 , both for theoretical and experimental studies of flow around cylinders in various configurations .
in 1929 , both for theoretical and experimental studies of flow around cylinders in various [setups] .

It is an iterative process which involves trawling through the design space of possible configurations until the optimal solution is found .
it is an iterative process which involves trawling through the design space of possible [setups] until the optimal solution is found .

It is inconceivable , however , that these pavements which have multiple , rotated configurations of squares are of a very different date from those with single , rotated arrangements .
it is inconceivable , however , that these pavements which have multiple , rotated [setups] of squares are of a very different date from those with single , rotated arrangements .

This affinity alone suggests that , like some examples of individual arrangements of squares , the multiple configurations are also of the second quarter of the fourth century .
this affinity alone suggests that , like some examples of individual arrangements of squares , the multiple [setups] are also of the second quarter of the fourth century .

There is the possibility of some influence from craftsmen working to the south , around Water Newton , who specialised in the manufacture of geometric designs , but their work was based largely upon lozenge configurations and can not have been a major source of inspiration .
there is the possibility of some influence from craftsmen working to the south , around water newton , who specialised in the manufacture of geometric designs , but their work was based largely upon lozenge [setups] and can not have been a major source of inspiration .

Although this is in principle one of the simplest configurations and although it played such an important role in the early history of transition studies , the details of the transition process turn out to be relatively complex and are , quite possibly , not all known .
although this is in principle one of the simplest [setups] and although it played such an important role in the early history of transition studies , the details of the transition process turn out to be relatively complex and are , quite possibly , not all known .

If this blob is in a turbulent flow , its distribution will change with time in the way indicated schematically by successive configurations in Fig .
if this blob is in a turbulent flow , its distribution will change with time in the way indicated schematically by successive [setups] in fig .

Such a process , known as reverse transition or relaminarization , can occur in a variety of configurations ; other examples include pipe and channel flows in which the Reynolds number is reduced by a change of geometry ; boundary layers that enter a region of strongly favourable pressure gradient ; boundary layers on convex walls ; and shear flows in rotating fluids .
such a process , known as reverse transition or relaminarization , can occur in a variety of [setups] ; other examples include pipe and channel flows in which the reynolds number is reduced by a change of geometry ; boundary layers that enter a region of strongly favourable pressure gradient ; boundary layers on convex walls ; and shear flows in rotating fluids .

There are other configurations of significance ( one is mentioned in Section 23.4 ) but we can illustrate the essential features of the topic with this one .
there are other [setups] of significance ( one is mentioned in section 23.4 ) but we can illustrate the essential features of the topic with this one .

They certainly occur in a variety of detailed configurations and may well be a universal feature of convection driven by the lower diffusivity component .
they certainly occur in a variety of detailed [setups] and may well be a universal feature of convection driven by the lower diffusivity component .

The ways in which the experiments leading to the above description have been done are varied ( although again constrained by the boundary conditions of some ideal configurations being impracticable ) .
the ways in which the experiments leading to the above description have been done are varied ( although again constrained by the boundary conditions of some ideal [setups] being impracticable ) .

The tendency to form layers seems to be the most pervasive feature of double diffusive convection , arising in one way or another in widely different experimental configurations .
the tendency to form layers seems to be the most pervasive feature of double diffusive convection , arising in one way or another in widely different experimental [setups] .

All these techniques work best in two-dimensional configurations , as the observed pattern is the integrated effect of the passage of the light through the fluid .
all these techniques work best in two-dimensional [setups] , as the observed pattern is the integrated effect of the passage of the light through the fluid .

Such phase changes occur when minerals adopt different atomic configurations as temperatures and pressures change .
such phase changes occur when minerals adopt different atomic [setups] as temperatures and pressures change .

Any given process ( behaviour ) may be achieved by many different configurations of many different elements .
any given process ( behaviour ) may be achieved by many different [setups] of many different elements .

That premised the understanding of design as a means to understanding design-and-society relations as a means to reconciling the rupture that was evident between design as is and its public position and design as felt , or intuited , or could be — or as was necessitated by the possible changes in social structure occurring , in accelerating form , in the new configurations of late capitalism .
that premised the understanding of design as a means to understanding design-and-society relations as a means to reconciling the rupture that was evident between design as is and its public position and design as felt , or intuited , or could be — or as was necessitated by the possible changes in social structure occurring , in accelerating form , in the new [setups] of late capitalism .

One of the more striking aspects of the table of results is the way in which it highlights certain configurations of sentences which are almost invariable across all groups .
one of the more striking aspects of the table of results is the way in which it highlights certain [setups] of sentences which are almost invariable across all groups .

Traditional stylistic terms ( eg that of the periodic sentence — see 7.5.3 ) although often ill-defined , seem to refer to such configurations of categories .
traditional stylistic terms ( eg that of the periodic sentence — see 7.5.3 ) although often ill-defined , seem to refer to such [setups] of categories .

Since the early Eighties the gallery 's emphasis has narrowed to younger German artists , particularly sculptors including Ingrid Roscheck , Manfred Müller ( who makes geometric wall-reliefs of cardboard and paper ) , Josef Wolf ( a Cologne sculptor who creates configurations of standing stones from stones found in the Eifel ) , Rune Mields ( whose black-and-white acrylic paintings incorporate hieroglyphics , Islamic decoration , and invented systems of numbers , handwriting , and typography ) , and Frank Dornseif , ( whose three-dimensional ‘ drawings ’ , made of the thick iron wire used in building construction , were exhibited this October ) .
since the early eighties the gallery 's emphasis has narrowed to younger german artists , particularly sculptors including ingrid roscheck , manfred müller ( who makes geometric wall-reliefs of cardboard and paper ) , josef wolf ( a cologne sculptor who creates [setups] of standing stones from stones found in the eifel ) , rune mields ( whose black-and-white acrylic paintings incorporate hieroglyphics , islamic decoration , and invented systems of numbers , handwriting , and typography ) , and frank dornseif , ( whose three-dimensional ‘ drawings ’ , made of the thick iron wire used in building construction , were exhibited this october ) .

Similarly , configurations of insurance against liability enlarge the ability to pay this tax and tend to attract legal obligations .
similarly , [setups] of insurance against liability enlarge the ability to pay this tax and tend to attract legal obligations .

The general effect of change on relatively stable and proven software configurations is to introduce a measure of uncertainty and risk into a previously well understood situation .
the general effect of change on relatively stable and proven software [setups] is to introduce a measure of uncertainty and risk into a previously well understood situation .

It has several aspects , including : ( a ) the range of options offered to the teacher is crucial in fitting the program to his style and enabling him to contribute effectively , but too many will be confusing ( b ) the designer may see a whole range of possible extensions to the teaching possibilities of the program : the lengthy development process of all good teaching units makes such extensions attractive but trying to include them in one program will tend to make it difficult to ‘ see through ’ and to use ( c ) the desire for compatibility with different hardware configurations often inspires programming constraints that can be severe ; conversely , programs that fully exploit the facilities of a particular microcomputer are likely to be difficult to transfer .
it has several aspects , including : ( a ) the range of options offered to the teacher is crucial in fitting the program to his style and enabling him to contribute effectively , but too many will be confusing ( b ) the designer may see a whole range of possible extensions to the teaching possibilities of the program : the lengthy development process of all good teaching units makes such extensions attractive but trying to include them in one program will tend to make it difficult to ‘ see through ’ and to use ( c ) the desire for compatibility with different hardware [setups] often inspires programming constraints that can be severe ; conversely , programs that fully exploit the facilities of a particular microcomputer are likely to be difficult to transfer .

For further and more accurate identification of meiotic bivalents , or in the interpretation of abnormal configurations , C-banding will be found helpful .
for further and more accurate identification of meiotic bivalents , or in the interpretation of abnormal [setups] , c-banding will be found helpful .

The application of the spreading technique to oocytes has been of enormous benefit , just as in spermatocytes , in revealing intimate detail of pairing and other configurations at meiotic prophase .
the application of the spreading technique to oocytes has been of enormous benefit , just as in spermatocytes , in revealing intimate detail of pairing and other [setups] at meiotic prophase .

Moreover , different configurations may arise at various times .
moreover , different [setups] may arise at various times .

His comedy invariably takes the form of a stream of reminiscence and creative confession which centres on his traumatic Catholic upbringing , his bruised adolescence , his pitiful sexual failures and the mysterious configurations of his adult life .
his comedy invariably takes the form of a stream of reminiscence and creative confession which centres on his traumatic catholic upbringing , his bruised adolescence , his pitiful sexual failures and the mysterious [setups] of his adult life .

An onboard computer in the driver 's cab provides instant on-screen information about various lift/load configurations .
an onboard computer in the driver 's cab provides instant on-screen information about various lift/load [setups] .

And because applications differ , we design it in two configurations .
and because applications differ , we design it in two [setups] .

There are two configurations for the variable-reluctance stepping motor , but in both cases the magnetic field is produced solely by the winding currents .
there are two [setups] for the variable-reluctance stepping motor , but in both cases the magnetic field is produced solely by the winding currents .

This would mean that the early universe would have probably been very chaotic and irregular because there are many more chaotic and disordered configurations for the universe than there are smooth and ordered ones .
this would mean that the early universe would have probably been very chaotic and irregular because there are many more chaotic and disordered [setups] for the universe than there are smooth and ordered ones .

In this case the only difference between the regions would be their initial configurations and so the strong anthropic principle would reduce to the weak one .
in this case the only difference between the regions would be their initial [setups] and so the strong anthropic principle would reduce to the weak one .

One would feel happier about the anthropic principle , at least in its weak version , if one could show that quite a number of different initial configurations for the universe would have evolved to produce a universe like the one we observe .
one would feel happier about the anthropic principle , at least in its weak version , if one could show that quite a number of different initial [setups] for the universe would have evolved to produce a universe like the one we observe .

In an attempt to find a model of the universe in which many different initial configurations could have evolved to something like the present universe , a scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Alan Guth , suggested that the early universe might have gone through a period of very rapid expansion .
in an attempt to find a model of the universe in which many different initial [setups] could have evolved to something like the present universe , a scientist at the massachusetts institute of technology , alan guth , suggested that the early universe might have gone through a period of very rapid expansion .

This work on inflationary models showed that the present state of the universe could have arisen from quite a large number of different initial configurations .
this work on inflationary models showed that the present state of the universe could have arisen from quite a large number of different initial [setups] .

Thus there must have been initial configurations that would not have given rise to a universe like the one we see today .
thus there must have been initial [setups] that would not have given rise to a universe like the one we see today .

PC-Write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed operation for multiple document editing and full mouse operation .
pc-write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu [setups] , windowed operation for multiple document editing and full mouse operation .

PC-Write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed operation for multiple document editing and full mouse operation .
pc-write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu [setups] , windowed operation for multiple document editing and full mouse operation .

Pros Simplifies the tiresome task of changing configurations
pros simplifies the tiresome task of changing [setups]

Also covered by the book are game cheats and advice on hardware configurations to get the best out of your Amiga for game playing .
also covered by the book are game cheats and advice on hardware [setups] to get the best out of your amiga for game playing .

Based on 10 Megabit ethernet cards which support most kinds of ethernet backbones ( the type of cabling system that is used to connect the network up ) Mainlan is not too difficult to install , although you do really require a basic knowledge of memory configurations in PCs to get the best out of it .
based on 10 megabit ethernet cards which support most kinds of ethernet backbones ( the type of cabling system that is used to connect the network up ) mainlan is not too difficult to install , although you do really require a basic knowledge of memory [setups] in pcs to get the best out of it .

Power fluidics is a revolutionary technology which uses simple hydrodynamic configurations , such as the vortex , to control the flow of liquids and gases around process and chemical plant .
power fluidics is a revolutionary technology which uses simple hydrodynamic [setups] , such as the vortex , to control the flow of liquids and gases around process and chemical plant .

Impelled by an instinct greater than herself , Alice slunk forward , walking between the bent legs , looking that magical organ in the eye , caught by its immodest yet complex configurations .
impelled by an instinct greater than herself , alice slunk forward , walking between the bent legs , looking that magical organ in the eye , caught by its immodest yet complex [setups] .

Thus in a sample with a mixture of configurations a triple peak will be observed and the area under each of these peaks will correspond to the amount of each triad present in the polymer chain .
thus in a sample with a mixture of [setups] a triple peak will be observed and the area under each of these peaks will correspond to the amount of each triad present in the polymer chain .

This is illustrated in figure 10.3 , where one sample is predominantly isotactic , but also contains smaller percentages of the heterotactic and syndiotactic configurations .
this is illustrated in figure 10.3 , where one sample is predominantly isotactic , but also contains smaller percentages of the heterotactic and syndiotactic [setups] .

What are the names given to the following wheel configurations ?
what are the names given to the following wheel [setups] ?

Configurations for autonomous development in cognitive systems
[setups] for autonomous development in cognitive systems

These configurations reflected shifting alliances among the various political groups and figures [ for the earlier emergence of likely candidates and their background see p. 38728 ] .
these [setups] reflected shifting alliances among the various political groups and figures [ for the earlier emergence of likely candidates and their background see p. 38728 ] .

The search space was organised around a global uniform data-base , the blackboard , and so different configurations of knowledge bases could easily be tested .
the search space was organised around a global uniform data-base , the blackboard , and so different [setups] of knowledge bases could easily be tested .

The equilibrium trans form may not therefore always occur and , as the temperature is raised , so the other configurations become more probable ; so also does the difference between rotational energy levels become small enough in comparison with thermal energy for the rotation to be considered as free on the surface of the bond angle cone and even , in the limit , to be considered s random or Gaussian .
the equilibrium trans form may not therefore always occur and , as the temperature is raised , so the other [setups] become more probable ; so also does the difference between rotational energy levels become small enough in comparison with thermal energy for the rotation to be considered as free on the surface of the bond angle cone and even , in the limit , to be considered s random or gaussian .

As the temperature falls however two processes occur : ( a ) low energy configurations start to predominate and ( b ) the volume of holes decreases .
as the temperature falls however two processes occur : ( a ) low energy [setups] start to predominate and ( b ) the volume of holes decreases .

Turning to what has been termed the analytical approach to materials in which the reasons for the macroscopically observed behaviour are sought in molecular configurations and other aspects of microstructure , there has been a recent acceleration of research into polymer chain configurations and their modification by stress and deformation .
turning to what has been termed the analytical approach to materials in which the reasons for the macroscopically observed behaviour are sought in molecular [setups] and other aspects of microstructure , there has been a recent acceleration of research into polymer chain [setups] and their modification by stress and deformation .

Influenced by Dada and Surrealism , it explored subconscious responses to configurations of dots , dribbles , shapes , textures and juxtaposed materials as a means of instantaneous communication … a visual music !
influenced by dada and surrealism , it explored subconscious responses to [setups] of dots , dribbles , shapes , textures and juxtaposed materials as a means of instantaneous communication … a visual music !

Sometimes alternative configurations are formed by either fundamental or local minima .
sometimes alternative [setups] are formed by either fundamental or local minima .

Attempts to order , regulate and to ‘ tidy up ’ the apparently haphazard configurations of nature can themselves be regarded as neutral processes .
attempts to order , regulate and to ‘ tidy up ’ the apparently haphazard [setups] of nature can themselves be regarded as neutral processes .

The conscious exploitation of random configurations is an essential and exciting technique in both modern art and modern science .
the conscious exploitation of random [setups] is an essential and exciting technique in both modern art and modern science .

Dada consciously explored chance configurations of visual and aural signs , symbols and images , in both deed and word .
dada consciously explored chance [setups] of visual and aural signs , symbols and images , in both deed and word .

Dramatic configurations
dramatic [setups]

The exploration of dramatic configurations has revealed possibilities that are so many and varied that any list would be incomplete , if only for lack of tomorrow 's development .
the exploration of dramatic [setups] has revealed possibilities that are so many and varied that any list would be incomplete , if only for lack of tomorrow 's development .

Mandarin 's jockey Fred Winter , four times champion , was no stranger to Auteuil yet still had to work hard at memorizing the peculiar configurations of the course .
mandarin 's jockey fred winter , four times champion , was no stranger to auteuil yet still had to work hard at memorizing the peculiar [setups] of the course .

The installation procedure has improved understanding of hardware and software configurations and it will alert the user to problems with any memory-resident software .
the installation procedure has improved understanding of hardware and software [setups] and it will alert the user to problems with any memory-resident software .

This would seem to be unnecessarily pessimistic and may be a conclusion laid at the door of present organisational configurations in our schools .
this would seem to be unnecessarily pessimistic and may be a conclusion laid at the door of present organisational [setups] in our schools .

Such configurations ( fig.9.7 ) can be difficult to interpret for two reasons .
such [setups] ( fig.9.7 ) can be difficult to interpret for two reasons .

Nevertheless , provided that it is possible to make informed assumptions about the likely shapes and sizes of buildings at particular periods , a computer can be programmed to search for particular configurations of post-holes that might result from such a structure and ‘ peel them off ’ , to reveal a simplified picture of earlier building phases .
nevertheless , provided that it is possible to make informed assumptions about the likely shapes and sizes of buildings at particular periods , a computer can be programmed to search for particular [setups] of post-holes that might result from such a structure and ‘ peel them off ’ , to reveal a simplified picture of earlier building phases .

Parsytec will sell the single processing unit , about the size of two briefcases , and larger computers made up of different configurations of the blocks .
parsytec will sell the single processing unit , about the size of two briefcases , and larger computers made up of different [setups] of the blocks .

But these are only the most typical configurations .
but these are only the most typical [setups] .

It was clear that Hitler was mentally preparing himself and his assistants for all possible configurations of alliance and animosity .
it was clear that hitler was mentally preparing himself and his assistants for all possible [setups] of alliance and animosity .

Several men , navy with gold braid in evidence , turned towards him as Delaney walked over , eyes automatically glancing at the geography and configurations on the plastic : Atlantic , beyond the equator .
several men , navy with gold braid in evidence , turned towards him as delaney walked over , eyes automatically glancing at the geography and [setups] on the plastic : atlantic , beyond the equator .

So what happens to figures , that is , configurations of points , under inversion ?
so what happens to figures , that is , [setups] of points , under inversion ?

Trans- polyacetylene also has two configurations , depending on the position of the double bonds .
trans- polyacetylene also has two [setups] , depending on the position of the double bonds .

Designer William Towns rides the Waterbike , propeller driven in various configurations .
designer william towns rides the waterbike , propeller driven in various [setups] .

The alarm calls , the social noises , the sexual or territorial ‘ come-hithers ’ or ‘ get thee hence ’ gestures — the whole spectrum of movement — is all a part of their language , a continuous expression of the inward patterns within the subtle tattvic mind configurations comprising each species .
the alarm calls , the social noises , the sexual or territorial ‘ come-hithers ’ or ‘ get thee hence ’ gestures — the whole spectrum of movement — is all a part of their language , a continuous expression of the inward patterns within the subtle tattvic mind [setups] comprising each species .

So presumably , other creatures are simply talking and communicating about the world according to their particular mind configurations .
so presumably , other creatures are simply talking and communicating about the world according to their particular mind [setups] .

Their inward minds possess different energy configurations to ours .
their inward minds possess different energy [setups] to ours .

They make a variety of short- , medium- , and long-term decisions , each frequently requiring different configurations and quality of information .
they make a variety of short- , medium- , and long-term decisions , each frequently requiring different [setups] and quality of information .

From the outset of the factory system in woven apparel , after cloth has been laid out and cut in the configurations of patterns for various sizes , the cut parts have been grouped by parts of the garment—fronts , backs , sleeves , patches for pockets , collars—and tied together into bundles for operators , who sew together individual parts—hence the term “ bundle system. ” Each worker specializes in one , or at most a few , sewing operations .
from the outset of the factory system in woven apparel , after cloth has been laid out and cut in the [setups] of patterns for various sizes , the cut parts have been grouped by parts of the garment—fronts , backs , sleeves , patches for pockets , collars—and tied together into bundles for operators , who sew together individual parts—hence the term “ bundle system. ” each worker specializes in one , or at most a few , sewing operations .

The specific molecular configurations that arise almost certainly include molecular species that are ever unique in the history of the universe .
the specific molecular [setups] that arise almost certainly include molecular species that are ever unique in the history of the universe .

Thus , I begin by vitiating my assertion and telling us what the configuration space is : it has something to do with the spin configurations .
thus , i begin by vitiating my assertion and telling us what the configuration space is : it has something to do with the spin [setups] .

How many diVerent spin configurations are there ?
how many diverent spin [setups] are there ?

A sensible thought is that a category or class is some collection of the possible spin configurations , say , the configuration with all spins up plus all the configurations with no more than two spins down .
a sensible thought is that a category or class is some collection of the possible spin [setups] , say , the configuration with all spins up plus all the [setups] with no more than two spins down .

Suppose that the motions of the spin system are confined to closed cycles in the space of configurations , that is , simple orbits .
suppose that the motions of the spin system are confined to closed cycles in the space of [setups] , that is , simple orbits .

Each of our 10 to the 10 to the 29 static categories is a set of one or more spin configurations .
each of our 10 to the 10 to the 29 static categories is a set of one or more spin [setups] .

The number of orbits among configurations that constitute the power set of classes of the 100 spins is vastly larger than the number of static categories .
the number of orbits among [setups] that constitute the power set of classes of the 100 spins is vastly larger than the number of static categories .

Instead , the flow among spin configurations may be constrained by the energy couplings among the spins .
instead , the flow among spin [setups] may be constrained by the energy couplings among the spins .

Since fitness values are assigned at random for the to the ( K + ) , or to the N input configurations when K = N - , it is easy to show that the resulting fitness landscape is fully random .
since fitness values are assigned at random for the to the ( k + ) , or to the n input [setups] when k = n - , it is easy to show that the resulting fitness landscape is fully random .

I therefore make the suggestion that the same pattern of reasoning that I described above , a sum over histories of trajectories that vary both in configurations and in the laws , which maximizes constructive interference , might prove a useful approach .
i therefore make the suggestion that the same pattern of reasoning that i described above , a sum over histories of trajectories that vary both in [setups] and in the laws , which maximizes constructive interference , might prove a useful approach .

In place of the anthropic principle or Lee Smolin ’ s cosmic selection , I have suggested one possible approach to the choices of the constants of nature by maximizing constructive interference over a sum of all histories through a space of both configurations and laws .
in place of the anthropic principle or lee smolin ’ s cosmic selection , i have suggested one possible approach to the choices of the constants of nature by maximizing constructive interference over a sum of all histories through a space of both [setups] and laws .

Such changing factors include threats , systems technologies and configurations , known vulnerabilities in existing software , the level of reliance on automated systems and electronic data , and the sensitivity of such operations and data .
such changing factors include threats , systems technologies and [setups] , known vulnerabilities in existing software , the level of reliance on automated systems and electronic data , and the sensitivity of such operations and data .

Finally , in considering any significant alternatives minimizing the impact on small entities , the Commission asks for comments on whether the rule should be applied in situations with very limited PBX configurations in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .
finally , in considering any significant alternatives minimizing the impact on small entities , the commission asks for comments on whether the rule should be applied in situations with very limited pbx [setups] in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .

Program officials stated that testing of engineering prototypes uncovered problems with missile design and manufacturing tooling early in the development , during system integration , allowing time to re-design and re-test in follow-on configurations .
program officials stated that testing of engineering prototypes uncovered problems with missile design and manufacturing tooling early in the development , during system integration , allowing time to re-design and re-test in follow-on [setups] .

Such changing factors include threats , systems technologies and configurations , known vulnerabilities in existing software , the level of reliance on automated systems and electronic data , and the sensitivity of such operations and data .
such changing factors include threats , systems technologies and [setups] , known vulnerabilities in existing software , the level of reliance on automated systems and electronic data , and the sensitivity of such operations and data .

LSC CONVENES RECONFIGURATION TASK FORCE This document , the LSC Special Report to Congress - State Planning and Reconfiguration , was prepared in response to a request made by the U.S. House of Representatives during the FY2002 Appropriations process , in which the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce , Justice , State , and the Judiciary stated : The Committee supports LSC 's efforts to streamline its service area configurations through the State planning process .
lsc convenes reconfiguration task force this document , the lsc special report to congress - state planning and reconfiguration , was prepared in response to a request made by the u.s. house of representatives during the fy2002 appropriations process , in which the house appropriations subcommittee on commerce , justice , state , and the judiciary stated : the committee supports lsc 's efforts to streamline its service area [setups] through the state planning process .

Approximately 70 participants examined the practicalities of mergers and consolidations ; considered ways in which new service area configurations can better serve clients ; prepared for the challenges of joining different program cultures and emerging with an effective larger organization ; and talked with peers about the specific opportunities and problems they face .
approximately 70 participants examined the practicalities of mergers and consolidations ; considered ways in which new service area [setups] can better serve clients ; prepared for the challenges of joining different program cultures and emerging with an effective larger organization ; and talked with peers about the specific opportunities and problems they face .

Gbëíáã~íÉÇ=íáãÉ=Ñçê=ÉåÖáåÉÉêáåÖI=ÇÉëáÖåI=ÉèìáéãÉåí=éêçÅìêÉãÉåíI=~åÇ=~ëëÉãÄäó=áë=S=ãçåíÜëK In summary , a 500 MWe boiler firing eastern bituminous coal with 0.6 percent sulfur , an ESP , and no SCR or FGD , is estimated to provide the performance and require the resources listed in the first column of Table 4-4 , and estimates of performance and resources needed for other types of fuels and boiler configurations are shown in the other columns .
gbëíáã~íéç=íáãé=ñçê=éåöáåééêáåöi=çéëáöåi=éèìáéãéåí=éêçåìêéãéåíi=~åç=~ëëéãääó=áë=s=ãçåíüëk in summary , a 500 mwe boiler firing eastern bituminous coal with 0.6 percent sulfur , an esp , and no scr or fgd , is estimated to provide the performance and require the resources listed in the first column of table 4-4 , and estimates of performance and resources needed for other types of fuels and boiler [setups] are shown in the other columns .

Competitive configurations give superior , cost-based signals to buyers so that the value of the service received is greater .
competitive [setups] give superior , cost-based signals to buyers so that the value of the service received is greater .

A further variable concerns the stereochemistry of the hydroxyl groups and methyl or other carbon branches , each of which can exist in two possible configurations .
a further variable concerns the stereochemistry of the hydroxyl groups and methyl or other carbon branches , each of which can exist in two possible [setups] .

As new , multilocus configurations of beneficial alleles are generated ( by recombination ) and increase in frequency by selection , the modifiers of recombination that caused the production of those beneficial configurations increase in frequency with them .
as new , multilocus [setups] of beneficial alleles are generated ( by recombination ) and increase in frequency by selection , the modifiers of recombination that caused the production of those beneficial [setups] increase in frequency with them .

Republican family issues discriminate between family configurations ( straight vs. gay , married vs. unmarried , etc . ) .
republican family issues discriminate between family [setups] ( straight vs. gay , married vs. unmarried , etc . ) .

Los Angeles Times -style : `` After yesterday 's freak snowstorm , two Angelenos in parkas walk past the Staples Center ( TM ) , the city 's dynamic new sports , entertainment and convention palace , which can be arranged in a variety of configurations for concerts ( continued on Page B2 ) .
los angeles times -style : `` after yesterday 's freak snowstorm , two angelenos in parkas walk past the staples center ( tm ) , the city 's dynamic new sports , entertainment and convention palace , which can be arranged in a variety of [setups] for concerts ( continued on page b2 ) .

Another powerful source of new expressions is the English alphabet , where letters , alone or in secret configurations , are used to convey hidden messages :
another powerful source of new expressions is the english alphabet , where letters , alone or in secret [setups] , are used to convey hidden messages :

This mnemonic also yields the correct structures , if one can manage to remember the proper alternations of the Fischer projections used to represent their configurations in two dimensions .
this mnemonic also yields the correct structures , if one can manage to remember the proper alternations of the fischer projections used to represent their [setups] in two dimensions .

