Psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images , a condition in which , for example , one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence .
psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images , a condition in which , for example , one is unable to remember something just seen or to [come up with/create] up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence .

Here Scottish melody always seems very near the surface , and the characteristic dotted-rhythms also curiously conjure up the baroque .
here scottish melody always seems very near the surface , and the characteristic dotted-rhythms also curiously [come up with/create] up the baroque .

Taken together they immediately conjure up Edwardian visions of marble-topped washstands and non-running cold and cold water in every room .
taken together they immediately [come up with/create] up edwardian visions of marble-topped washstands and non-running cold and cold water in every room .

However , if Bates can conjure up a repeat of last year 's progress to the fourth round , he is unlikely to go any further with second seed and twice former champion Stefan Edberg blocking his path .
however , if bates can [come up with/create] up a repeat of last year 's progress to the fourth round , he is unlikely to go any further with second seed and twice former champion stefan edberg blocking his path .

Somehow the words ‘ dietary fibre ’ do tend to conjure up an image of being put out to graze on food that has all the comfort and flavour of that consumed by a sheep or a cow .
somehow the words ‘ dietary fibre ’ do tend to [come up with/create] up an image of being put out to graze on food that has all the comfort and flavour of that consumed by a sheep or a cow .

Papua New Guinea , for example , may conjure up ideas of tropical jungles which could well appeal to would-be explorer executives but not to the home-loving family types .
papua new guinea , for example , may [come up with/create] up ideas of tropical jungles which could well appeal to would-be explorer executives but not to the home-loving family types .

If doubt can conjure up images of heroism ( the David of Doubt standing up to the Goliath of Lies ) , it can just as easily represent what is most cowardly , indecisive and dictatorial in us all .
if doubt can [come up with/create] up images of heroism ( the david of doubt standing up to the goliath of lies ) , it can just as easily represent what is most cowardly , indecisive and dictatorial in us all .

Famous names of grands crus like Corton-Charlemagne or le Montrachet conjure up mouth-watering images of bright golden wines , lusciously rich and complex in flavour .
famous names of grands crus like corton-charlemagne or le montrachet [come up with/create] up mouth-watering images of bright golden wines , lusciously rich and complex in flavour .

Then visualise your Dream for exactly 33 seconds ( for maximum effect ) with all the joy , desire , bliss and thrill of anticipation that you can conjure up .
then visualise your dream for exactly 33 seconds ( for maximum effect ) with all the joy , desire , bliss and thrill of anticipation that you can [come up with/create] up .

Historians who bring as much enjoyment and illumination to their readers as Trevor-Roper can still conjure up in his essays deserve the historical profession 's thanks as well as its envy .
historians who bring as much enjoyment and illumination to their readers as trevor-roper can still [come up with/create] up in his essays deserve the historical profession 's thanks as well as its envy .

The word ‘ chalet ’ may conjure up images of detached wooden shacks to the uninitiated , but those at Butlins are one-bedroom flats in long parallel two-storey balcony-access blocks packed tightly together .
the word ‘ chalet ’ may [come up with/create] up images of detached wooden shacks to the uninitiated , but those at butlins are one-bedroom flats in long parallel two-storey balcony-access blocks packed tightly together .

Think back to each different success . See if you can conjure up a picture of you being successful — what were the events , what were your thoughts and feelings , and what were you doing at the time ?
think back to each different success . see if you can [come up with/create] up a picture of you being successful — what were the events , what were your thoughts and feelings , and what were you doing at the time ?

But the end of his mother 's letter cheered him despite the regret he felt , the memory he could still conjure up of Jonas and himself as boys , flying a kite in a London park , tussling with one another , kicking a football .
but the end of his mother 's letter cheered him despite the regret he felt , the memory he could still [come up with/create] up of jonas and himself as boys , flying a kite in a london park , tussling with one another , kicking a football .

Just as the shaman uses rhythms and natural psychedelics to conjure healing visions for the tribe , so Colin argues for raves as techno-pagan festivals , the potential site for a spiritual hedonism , a place where beats , psychedelics , dance and light can reconnect people with nature , transforming their vision of the world .
just as the shaman uses rhythms and natural psychedelics to [come up with/create] healing visions for the tribe , so colin argues for raves as techno-pagan festivals , the potential site for a spiritual hedonism , a place where beats , psychedelics , dance and light can reconnect people with nature , transforming their vision of the world .

Large white daisies for me conjure up thoughts of warm summer meadows , the scent of freshly cut hay and the buzzing of busy insects . Hopefully this month 's design will have the same effect on you !
large white daisies for me [come up with/create] up thoughts of warm summer meadows , the scent of freshly cut hay and the buzzing of busy insects . hopefully this month 's design will have the same effect on you !

They are , in the most fundamental sense , magical : they weave spells , they conjure something out of nothing .
they are , in the most fundamental sense , magical : they weave spells , they [come up with/create] something out of nothing .

‘ Probably , what unites everyone on the project is the desire to conjure a kind of intensity , ’ says Mark Neale .
‘ probably , what unites everyone on the project is the desire to [come up with/create] a kind of intensity , ’ says mark neale .

It is all very well to say that terms like astronaut and artisan conjure up , for understandable reasons , male rather than female associations .
it is all very well to say that terms like astronaut and artisan [come up with/create] up , for understandable reasons , male rather than female associations .

Although today these vital units of the railway system are being phased out by the modern fully automated control centres , there still remains the lonely , isolated signal box , often miles from anywhere , that on a dark winter 's night can conjure up strange happenings and instil fear even in the heart of the most level-headed signalman .
although today these vital units of the railway system are being phased out by the modern fully automated control centres , there still remains the lonely , isolated signal box , often miles from anywhere , that on a dark winter 's night can [come up with/create] up strange happenings and instil fear even in the heart of the most level-headed signalman .

The windows , covered with stone grids , conjure up the bars on prison windows .
the windows , covered with stone grids , [come up with/create] up the bars on prison windows .

Tony teamed up with long-time friend Ritchie Miller and sound engineer Graham Drinnon to conjure up ‘ Schtoom ’ , that wondrous slice of tribal-influenced deep thumping grooves .
tony teamed up with long-time friend ritchie miller and sound engineer graham drinnon to [come up with/create] up ‘ schtoom ’ , that wondrous slice of tribal-influenced deep thumping grooves .

It was during the night that she would conjure up this picture of herself ; in the daytime she was practical .
it was during the night that she would [come up with/create] up this picture of herself ; in the daytime she was practical .

Based on a syllabus for children in their first year of English , Wizadora helps the teacher conjure up a rich learning experience from the basic elements of language covered at primary level .
based on a syllabus for children in their first year of english , wizadora helps the teacher [come up with/create] up a rich learning experience from the basic elements of language covered at primary level .

This idea of Elena as the colleague in leadership of Nicolae Ceauşescu led the poet , Ion Gheorghe , to conjure up a mystical vision of Elena as part of a ‘ trinity ’ , whose ‘ three dimensions ’ were Nicolae Ceauşescu , herself and the fatherland , of which she was mother .
this idea of elena as the colleague in leadership of nicolae ceauşescu led the poet , ion gheorghe , to [come up with/create] up a mystical vision of elena as part of a ‘ trinity ’ , whose ‘ three dimensions ’ were nicolae ceauşescu , herself and the fatherland , of which she was mother .

In fact , one of Ramsay 's greatest achievements was in the atmosphere he was able to conjure up through the depiction of materials .
in fact , one of ramsay 's greatest achievements was in the atmosphere he was able to [come up with/create] up through the depiction of materials .

The terms ‘ alcoholism ’ and ‘ drug addiction ’ are still in common usage but conjure up stereotyped images of ageing drunken derelicts and feckless ‘ mainlining ’ delinquents .
the terms ‘ alcoholism ’ and ‘ drug addiction ’ are still in common usage but [come up with/create] up stereotyped images of ageing drunken derelicts and feckless ‘ mainlining ’ delinquents .

This need not be remarked , as if it was n't unusual to conjure a multitude from the sky above the river .
this need not be remarked , as if it was n't unusual to [come up with/create] a multitude from the sky above the river .

For most , the Broads conjure up either a dull picture of flat , uncontoured landscapes sadly unrelieved by dramatic mountain scenery or stunning views , or else the cheap ‘ n ’ cheerful chips-with-everything ambience of Great Yarmouth and its neighbours .
for most , the broads [come up with/create] up either a dull picture of flat , uncontoured landscapes sadly unrelieved by dramatic mountain scenery or stunning views , or else the cheap ‘ n ’ cheerful chips-with-everything ambience of great yarmouth and its neighbours .

Sometimes , when she had been to a romantic film , or had been kissed good-night by Pogo , she had sat on the edge of her bed , staring at that dark , handsome , boy 's face and tried to conjure up the memory of his living presence .
sometimes , when she had been to a romantic film , or had been kissed good-night by pogo , she had sat on the edge of her bed , staring at that dark , handsome , boy 's face and tried to [come up with/create] up the memory of his living presence .

She had never permitted herself to conjure it up .
she had never permitted herself to [come up with/create] it up .

Even the most ardent critics of council housing would find it difficult to conjure up images of featherbedded , oversubsidised council tenants driving expensive cars .
even the most ardent critics of council housing would find it difficult to [come up with/create] up images of featherbedded , oversubsidised council tenants driving expensive cars .

One would conjure up occasions ; things would be said and done .
one would [come up with/create] up occasions ; things would be said and done .

‘ Can you conjure particular ghosts ?
‘ can you [come up with/create] particular ghosts ?

His restless hands seemed to conjure an attractive woman out of nothing .
his restless hands seemed to [come up with/create] an attractive woman out of nothing .

‘ Ragged trousers … dirty old pipe ? It does n't conjure up any very glamorous pictures , ’ smiled the old lady .
‘ ragged trousers … dirty old pipe ? it does n't [come up with/create] up any very glamorous pictures , ’ smiled the old lady .

Then the professional in her broke through , and seemingly from nowhere she managed to conjure up a smile .
then the professional in her broke through , and seemingly from nowhere she managed to [come up with/create] up a smile .

Worry about finding his half of the mortgage must be getting to her , she realised as she left the kitchen , knowing that just thinking of her brother was not going to conjure him home to pay his dues .
worry about finding his half of the mortgage must be getting to her , she realised as she left the kitchen , knowing that just thinking of her brother was not going to [come up with/create] him home to pay his dues .

As Timothy West tells it , this was a moment as chilling as any Ken was able to conjure up in the theatre .
as timothy west tells it , this was a moment as chilling as any ken was able to [come up with/create] up in the theatre .

Archer describes this as `` imaging `` — the ability `` to conjure up in the mind 's eye an image of something or system … rotate and transform it `` … make shrewd judgements about its construction , practicability and worth `` .
archer describes this as `` imaging `` — the ability `` to [come up with/create] up in the mind 's eye an image of something or system … rotate and transform it `` … make shrewd judgements about its construction , practicability and worth `` .

Isaiah Berlin has pointed to the uncertainty in Marx 's attitude to this ‘ the most central of all the concepts of his system ’ and to his failure to reconcile the two views he expresses : the one , that in unalienated labour there is perfect freedom for the fullest realisation of human potential and happiness ; the other , that ‘ the need for this minimum of toil is an inescapable fact of physical nature which it is mere Utopianism to hope to conjure away ’ .
isaiah berlin has pointed to the uncertainty in marx 's attitude to this ‘ the most central of all the concepts of his system ’ and to his failure to reconcile the two views he expresses : the one , that in unalienated labour there is perfect freedom for the fullest realisation of human potential and happiness ; the other , that ‘ the need for this minimum of toil is an inescapable fact of physical nature which it is mere utopianism to hope to [come up with/create] away ’ .

It was more difficult — and more intriguing — to conjure up a picture of her future husband , Dom João .
it was more difficult — and more intriguing — to [come up with/create] up a picture of her future husband , dom joão .

So it is n't a bad idea at this stage of the season for us to conjure up a few exercises to test receding intellectual fibre .
so it is n't a bad idea at this stage of the season for us to [come up with/create] up a few exercises to test receding intellectual fibre .

Unfortunately it is too far south to be properly seen from Britain or the northern United States , but when high up it is truly impressive , and it is easy to conjure up the picture of a scorpion from the long line of bright stars , with the ‘ head ’ and the ‘ sting ’ .
unfortunately it is too far south to be properly seen from britain or the northern united states , but when high up it is truly impressive , and it is easy to [come up with/create] up the picture of a scorpion from the long line of bright stars , with the ‘ head ’ and the ‘ sting ’ .

If this is so , then any attempts to conjure up a single popular will can only be factitious , and dangerous to the rights of individuals and groups within society : hence , in part , the suspicion with which mass political movements are viewed from within this perspective .
if this is so , then any attempts to [come up with/create] up a single popular will can only be factitious , and dangerous to the rights of individuals and groups within society : hence , in part , the suspicion with which mass political movements are viewed from within this perspective .

It has been one of the cliches of modern liberalism , since at least the time of de Tocqueville and the younger Mill , to dwell on the possible , even probable , disjunction between democracy and liberty , to stress the fact that popular rule does not necessarily imply personal freedom , and to conjure up the spectacle of the `` tyranny of the majority `` .
it has been one of the cliches of modern liberalism , since at least the time of de tocqueville and the younger mill , to dwell on the possible , even probable , disjunction between democracy and liberty , to stress the fact that popular rule does not necessarily imply personal freedom , and to [come up with/create] up the spectacle of the `` tyranny of the majority `` .

Dieting always seems to conjure up images of endless cottage cheese salads , calorie-counting and saying no to all your favourite foods but our five day diet plan proves that it does n't have to be dull and boring .
dieting always seems to [come up with/create] up images of endless cottage cheese salads , calorie-counting and saying no to all your favourite foods but our five day diet plan proves that it does n't have to be dull and boring .

Pogorelich 's striking if ungenerous coupling again suggests his capacity to conjure up an uncanny sense of drama , to contrast Scriabin 's ‘ quiet of a summer night on the seashore ’ with the ‘ vast expanse of an ocean stormily agitated ’ with the most compulsive virtuosity .
pogorelich 's striking if ungenerous coupling again suggests his capacity to [come up with/create] up an uncanny sense of drama , to contrast scriabin 's ‘ quiet of a summer night on the seashore ’ with the ‘ vast expanse of an ocean stormily agitated ’ with the most compulsive virtuosity .

The extremity of these awful judgements against the moral deterioration of the British people , and the enormous vision of chaos and disorder which they conjure up , suggest the need for a cautious organisation of our thought and feeling as we approach these matters .
the extremity of these awful judgements against the moral deterioration of the british people , and the enormous vision of chaos and disorder which they [come up with/create] up , suggest the need for a cautious organisation of our thought and feeling as we approach these matters .

There was even a character in Comic Cuts in the 1890s , a youthful prowler named ‘ Area Sneaker , — and what a pseudonym that is to conjure with from this supposedly untroubled late Victorian era — who reflected the fashion .
there was even a character in comic cuts in the 1890s , a youthful prowler named ‘ area sneaker , — and what a pseudonym that is to [come up with/create] with from this supposedly untroubled late victorian era — who reflected the fashion .

( Though even so simple a word will conjure a variety of different images , depending upon the canine preferences of the reader . )
( though even so simple a word will [come up with/create] a variety of different images , depending upon the canine preferences of the reader . )

Now living and working near Dieppe , Birtwistle 's paintings conjure images of saintly reverence and sinful resonance .
now living and working near dieppe , birtwistle 's paintings [come up with/create] images of saintly reverence and sinful resonance .

The beaches await but even if you consider yourself more of a sun worshipper than a sightseeing buff , you may be tempted to venture further afield , out to explore the rolling hills and picturesque cornfields which stretch across this region 's landscapes and conjure up images of some rich renaissance tapestry .
the beaches await but even if you consider yourself more of a sun worshipper than a sightseeing buff , you may be tempted to venture further afield , out to explore the rolling hills and picturesque cornfields which stretch across this region 's landscapes and [come up with/create] up images of some rich renaissance tapestry .

Jack Curtis Conjure Me ( Corgi ) Strong violent stuff .
jack curtis [come up with/create] me ( corgi ) strong violent stuff .

Eleven days ago these sides contrived to conjure up one of the really memorable Croke Park finals that wo n't be easily forgotten by those fortunate enough to have been present .
eleven days ago these sides contrived to [come up with/create] up one of the really memorable croke park finals that wo n't be easily forgotten by those fortunate enough to have been present .

Clean and well organised , she could conjure up the best with the poorest ingredients .
clean and well organised , she could [come up with/create] up the best with the poorest ingredients .

’ That road led only to self-destruction — she should know that better than anyone … only had to conjure up the sad , embittered look in her mother 's hazel eyes to realise the depths of pain such an entanglement could cause .
’ that road led only to self-destruction — she should know that better than anyone … only had to [come up with/create] up the sad , embittered look in her mother 's hazel eyes to realise the depths of pain such an entanglement could cause .

City would conjure up sophisticated leather and chrome , glass , marble and wall-to-wall carpet .
city would [come up with/create] up sophisticated leather and chrome , glass , marble and wall-to-wall carpet .

And just when they seem engaged in revolutionizing themselves and things , in creating something that has never yet existed , precisely in such periods of revolutionary crisis they anxiously conjure up the spirits of the past to their service and borrow from them names and little cries in order to present the new scene of world history in this time-honoured disguise and this borrowed language .
and just when they seem engaged in revolutionizing themselves and things , in creating something that has never yet existed , precisely in such periods of revolutionary crisis they anxiously [come up with/create] up the spirits of the past to their service and borrow from them names and little cries in order to present the new scene of world history in this time-honoured disguise and this borrowed language .

Jenna did not have her mother 's memories , she could not conjure up his face , and she knew that this fact alone would haunt her if she stayed away .
jenna did not have her mother 's memories , she could not [come up with/create] up his face , and she knew that this fact alone would haunt her if she stayed away .

The musical setting is carefully selected too to remove him from the tawdry everyday fray of the pop marketplace : violas , accordions , pennywhistles and assorted kitchen utensils conjure up the timeless integrity of Irish folk music ( or ‘ roots ’ in 1990-speak ) .
the musical setting is carefully selected too to remove him from the tawdry everyday fray of the pop marketplace : violas , accordions , pennywhistles and assorted kitchen utensils [come up with/create] up the timeless integrity of irish folk music ( or ‘ roots ’ in 1990-speak ) .

Paul Schrader 's Blue Collar in 1978 and Karel Reisz 's Saturday Night and Sunday Morning in 1960 are probably the two most famous attempts to sincerely conjure the dull routines of the shop floor .
paul schrader 's blue collar in 1978 and karel reisz 's saturday night and sunday morning in 1960 are probably the two most famous attempts to sincerely [come up with/create] the dull routines of the shop floor .

Further to the question from my right hon. Friend the Member for Birmingham , Sparkbrook ( Mr. Hattersley ) , and given the obvious confusion among Ministers about the implications of their electoral promises for the future level of value added tax , can the Leader of the House conjure up the actual figure for value added tax when his Government came to office in June 1979 , and the level now as they go out of office ?
further to the question from my right hon. friend the member for birmingham , sparkbrook ( mr. hattersley ) , and given the obvious confusion among ministers about the implications of their electoral promises for the future level of value added tax , can the leader of the house [come up with/create] up the actual figure for value added tax when his government came to office in june 1979 , and the level now as they go out of office ?

The little room seemed to conjure up a scene from the past , an almost timeless memory .
the little room seemed to [come up with/create] up a scene from the past , an almost timeless memory .

Staring at his back , she tried to conjure up the image of him lover-like , tender , and failed .
staring at his back , she tried to [come up with/create] up the image of him lover-like , tender , and failed .

’ He whispered the words aloud as though to conjure the hidden meaning from the card .
’ he whispered the words aloud as though to [come up with/create] the hidden meaning from the card .

There are many repeating features in this book , and one such is Dickens ' amazing ability to conjure up the most absurd but believable characters .
there are many repeating features in this book , and one such is dickens ' amazing ability to [come up with/create] up the most absurd but believable characters .

The pope was still trying to conjure up support for Otto .
the pope was still trying to [come up with/create] up support for otto .

In contrast , the Dionysiac chorus , like unconscious actors , enter into and lose themselves in the characters that their collective ecstasy impels them to conjure up .
in contrast , the dionysiac chorus , like unconscious actors , enter into and lose themselves in the characters that their collective ecstasy impels them to [come up with/create] up .

This use of imagery such as ‘ barren chasms ’ , ‘ icy caves ’ and ‘ slippery crag ’ help conjure an unbelievable picture of depression and sorrow .
this use of imagery such as ‘ barren chasms ’ , ‘ icy caves ’ and ‘ slippery crag ’ help [come up with/create] an unbelievable picture of depression and sorrow .

or apples in a bowl would conjure up
or apples in a bowl would [come up with/create] up

The ad people know that girls are watching and that they can attract them and form their ideas by making the girl associate their product with a particular image — so that when she is looking at a hair gel in a chemist 's , that will conjure up for her the image of the model used to advertise it , and make her want to look that way herself , and want to buy it .
the ad people know that girls are watching and that they can attract them and form their ideas by making the girl associate their product with a particular image — so that when she is looking at a hair gel in a chemist 's , that will [come up with/create] up for her the image of the model used to advertise it , and make her want to look that way herself , and want to buy it .

Long extracts from the inspectors ' reports conjure up the smells of the 17th century in sickening detail : the open graves , the streets piled high with faeces , the butcher 's shop ‘ full of all kinds of filth , excrement , guts and other muck ’ , and so on .
long extracts from the inspectors ' reports [come up with/create] up the smells of the 17th century in sickening detail : the open graves , the streets piled high with faeces , the butcher 's shop ‘ full of all kinds of filth , excrement , guts and other muck ’ , and so on .

Supermarket and delicatessen shelves are often stocked with many interesting tins and bottles of sauces that conjure up the promise of the Orient with their exotic names .
supermarket and delicatessen shelves are often stocked with many interesting tins and bottles of sauces that [come up with/create] up the promise of the orient with their exotic names .

It 's worth considering three different kinds of freedom , for , put together , they may conjure up something of the stridency of the period .
it 's worth considering three different kinds of freedom , for , put together , they may [come up with/create] up something of the stridency of the period .

Intense competition from the Far East began to conjure up unheard-of sums for Imperial porcelains , jades , lacquers and bronzes ; serious but collectable subjects which had passed through the books so calmly before 1960 now went out of reach .
intense competition from the far east began to [come up with/create] up unheard-of sums for imperial porcelains , jades , lacquers and bronzes ; serious but collectable subjects which had passed through the books so calmly before 1960 now went out of reach .

This is partly because the word itself tends to conjure up the picture of performing some type of vigorous sport .
this is partly because the word itself tends to [come up with/create] up the picture of performing some type of vigorous sport .

The trick is to use the person 's name to conjure up a picture in your mind .
the trick is to use the person 's name to [come up with/create] up a picture in your mind .

The weather is not kind , having rained steadily for most of the week , fully endorsing everyone 's suspicions that the Sennybridge hills conjure up their own unique climate .
the weather is not kind , having rained steadily for most of the week , fully endorsing everyone 's suspicions that the sennybridge hills [come up with/create] up their own unique climate .

What these filmmakers miss is the level of emotional intensity that both the realist filmmakers , whom the critics approved of , and those of a more melodramatic or fantastic disposition , whom they did n't , seem able to conjure , for almost the first time , in the films they produced during the war .
what these filmmakers miss is the level of emotional intensity that both the realist filmmakers , whom the critics approved of , and those of a more melodramatic or fantastic disposition , whom they did n't , seem able to [come up with/create] , for almost the first time , in the films they produced during the war .

Hardly a title to conjure up visions of wild youthful abandonment , ‘ Heaven Knows … ’ pushed The Smiths further into the badlands of bedsit squalor , a Godsend for those who could n't stomach the effortless polish of Sade .
hardly a title to [come up with/create] up visions of wild youthful abandonment , ‘ heaven knows … ’ pushed the smiths further into the badlands of bedsit squalor , a godsend for those who could n't stomach the effortless polish of sade .

He strained to conjure up her face and her voice , but they had vanished , as completely as though the memory had been cut out of his brain .
he strained to [come up with/create] up her face and her voice , but they had vanished , as completely as though the memory had been cut out of his brain .

She tried again to conjure them up but it was no good : the traffic was too loud and she was too cold .
she tried again to [come up with/create] them up but it was no good : the traffic was too loud and she was too cold .

He was a tall handsome man with huge white teeth ; a magician who could conjure coins or playing-cards from inside the pockets and behind the ears of small boys .
he was a tall handsome man with huge white teeth ; a magician who could [come up with/create] coins or playing-cards from inside the pockets and behind the ears of small boys .

Beyond it lay , if she had chosen to conjure them up , unwashed coffee cups , trousers lying where they had been stepped out of , heaped dusty papers ring-stained with wine-glasses , a carpet full of dust and ashes , the smell of socks and other smells .
beyond it lay , if she had chosen to [come up with/create] them up , unwashed coffee cups , trousers lying where they had been stepped out of , heaped dusty papers ring-stained with wine-glasses , a carpet full of dust and ashes , the smell of socks and other smells .

Although it is often taken to imply that the citizen is entitled to ‘ social rights ’ , it does not immediately conjure up a picture of socialist collectivism which would alienate those on the right .
although it is often taken to imply that the citizen is entitled to ‘ social rights ’ , it does not immediately [come up with/create] up a picture of socialist collectivism which would alienate those on the right .

His design had to reveal the pattern and phrasing of the dream world he wished to conjure up .
his design had to reveal the pattern and phrasing of the dream world he wished to [come up with/create] up .

Nor is it any more than the incidental music to a play that captured the composer 's imagination and inspired him to conjure up the ‘ goings on in the Magicked Athenian wood ’ .
nor is it any more than the incidental music to a play that captured the composer 's imagination and inspired him to [come up with/create] up the ‘ goings on in the magicked athenian wood ’ .

But all he could conjure up was darkness and the vague shape of houses .
but all he could [come up with/create] up was darkness and the vague shape of houses .

Do they conjure up the impression that children are engaged in some form of pre-Victorian drudgery at school ?
do they [come up with/create] up the impression that children are engaged in some form of pre-victorian drudgery at school ?

But whether you are here for the first or merely the latest time , as you enter the square — better still , as you emerge into it , blinking away the bright Milanese light as you climb up out of the Metro — there can be no doubting its magical ability to conjure a timeless moment of calm from out of the bustle .
but whether you are here for the first or merely the latest time , as you enter the square — better still , as you emerge into it , blinking away the bright milanese light as you climb up out of the metro — there can be no doubting its magical ability to [come up with/create] a timeless moment of calm from out of the bustle .

Surveying these now prosaically productive acres of beet and potato , it is as hard to imagine their undrained state as if one were trying to conjure up some fabulous landscape lost beyond recall .
surveying these now prosaically productive acres of beet and potato , it is as hard to imagine their undrained state as if one were trying to [come up with/create] up some fabulous landscape lost beyond recall .

They range from 24-hour , 365-day booking services to trouble-shooting units manned by experienced travel consultants who can conjure up a private jet at three o'clock in the morning .
they range from 24-hour , 365-day booking services to trouble-shooting units manned by experienced travel consultants who can [come up with/create] up a private jet at three o'clock in the morning .

She saw now , so clearly , she kicked at him ; this ruination , contamination , a conjure up from Hell .
she saw now , so clearly , she kicked at him ; this ruination , contamination , a [come up with/create] up from hell .

Other aromas conjure up pleasant memories of first love perhaps , or possibly a visit to a well-loved grandmother who always smelled of lavender-water .
other aromas [come up with/create] up pleasant memories of first love perhaps , or possibly a visit to a well-loved grandmother who always smelled of lavender-water .

Words and phrases in common usage , such as ‘ mutton dressed as lamb ’ , ‘ dirty old man ’ , ‘ silly old woman ’ , ‘ old fogies ’ , ‘ old ducks ’ , ‘ old biddy ’ , ‘ old codger ’ , ‘ old dears ’ and ‘ old folk ’ all conjure up images which leave little doubt about the nature and experience of old age .
words and phrases in common usage , such as ‘ mutton dressed as lamb ’ , ‘ dirty old man ’ , ‘ silly old woman ’ , ‘ old fogies ’ , ‘ old ducks ’ , ‘ old biddy ’ , ‘ old codger ’ , ‘ old dears ’ and ‘ old folk ’ all [come up with/create] up images which leave little doubt about the nature and experience of old age .

The very words ‘ sheltered housing ’ conjure up an image of elderly people who need protection .
the very words ‘ sheltered housing ’ [come up with/create] up an image of elderly people who need protection .

This drawback is offset by the chance to create absolutely anything words can conjure up .
this drawback is offset by the chance to create absolutely anything words can [come up with/create] up .

The street seemed to be full of perfume now , wafting around her in the biting wind — the perfume that was the most evocative memory she had of her mother , a haunting perfume , light and teasing and sweet , a perfume that smelled a little like a summer garden at dusk , a perfume , the memory of which had possessed the power to bring tears to her eyes long , long after she had forgotten how to conjure up the image of her mother 's face .
the street seemed to be full of perfume now , wafting around her in the biting wind — the perfume that was the most evocative memory she had of her mother , a haunting perfume , light and teasing and sweet , a perfume that smelled a little like a summer garden at dusk , a perfume , the memory of which had possessed the power to bring tears to her eyes long , long after she had forgotten how to [come up with/create] up the image of her mother 's face .

The extremity of these awful judgements against the moral deterioration of the British people , and the enormous vision of chaos and disorder which they conjure up , suggest the need for a cautious organisation of our thought and feeling as we approach these matters .
the extremity of these awful judgements against the moral deterioration of the british people , and the enormous vision of chaos and disorder which they [come up with/create] up , suggest the need for a cautious organisation of our thought and feeling as we approach these matters .

His name would immediately conjure a mood of lonely alienation .
his name would immediately [come up with/create] a mood of lonely alienation .

When we recall them , they conjure up other images and lead us to the peak experience .
when we recall them , they [come up with/create] up other images and lead us to the peak experience .

While American preschoolers often conjure up fantastic roles and vie with peers for the most stimulating and inﬂuential of them , children in Asian cultures devote more hours to play in which they perform actions in unison .
while american preschoolers often [come up with/create] up fantastic roles and vie with peers for the most stimulating and inﬂuential of them , children in asian cultures devote more hours to play in which they perform actions in unison .

It becomes easy to conjure multimolecular systems , indeed autonomous agents are examples , in which even if the Hamiltonian for each single system and all the coupled systems were known , it would not be possible to compute the detailed dynamics of the coupled spin system in the lifetime of the universe .
it becomes easy to [come up with/create] multimolecular systems , indeed autonomous agents are examples , in which even if the hamiltonian for each single system and all the coupled systems were known , it would not be possible to compute the detailed dynamics of the coupled spin system in the lifetime of the universe .

Fortunately , it is less easy to conjure up the smells of that time .
fortunately , it is less easy to [come up with/create] up the smells of that time .

However , this resistance is starting to break down , and breeders are running out of major resistance genes with which to conjure new varieties .
however , this resistance is starting to break down , and breeders are running out of major resistance genes with which to [come up with/create] new varieties .

Depending on what era the movie is set in , clothes can conjure a unfamiliarity that is soothingly adorable or uneasily alien .
depending on what era the movie is set in , clothes can [come up with/create] a unfamiliarity that is soothingly adorable or uneasily alien .

They conjure up a flip-flop-clad matron in a housedress , cigarette dangling from her mouth , slapping a metal tray in front of a sullen husband at the dinner table .
they [come up with/create] up a flip-flop-clad matron in a housedress , cigarette dangling from her mouth , slapping a metal tray in front of a sullen husband at the dinner table .

He says he wants to conjure up the spirit of Robert F. Kennedy and 1968 .
he says he wants to [come up with/create] up the spirit of robert f. kennedy and 1968 .

Cartoons , sitcoms , and political campaigns conjure up characters with a single , instantly recognizable characteristic .
cartoons , sitcoms , and political campaigns [come up with/create] up characters with a single , instantly recognizable characteristic .

You ca n't conjure a takeover bid out of whole cloth in a couple of days and expect to have done the due diligence a successful bid requires .
you ca n't [come up with/create] a takeover bid out of whole cloth in a couple of days and expect to have done the due diligence a successful bid requires .

Indeed , as the capital ages , its history is increasingly becoming whatever associative past you can conjure up as ornament , reward , or weapon .
indeed , as the capital ages , its history is increasingly becoming whatever associative past you can [come up with/create] up as ornament , reward , or weapon .

The writing leers , for want of any better way to conjure a sexual attraction .
the writing leers , for want of any better way to [come up with/create] a sexual attraction .

Looking at them , you try to conjure up the people whose wallets these bills will inhabit , the new race of Europeans who will have no English umbrellas , French berets , or German bellies .
looking at them , you try to [come up with/create] up the people whose wallets these bills will inhabit , the new race of europeans who will have no english umbrellas , french berets , or german bellies .

It 's rather amusing to conjure up this image as I walk past colleagues clad in chinos and Birkenstocks .
it 's rather amusing to [come up with/create] up this image as i walk past colleagues clad in chinos and birkenstocks .

I wonder if Roth himself appreciates how lively and persuasive these tones are , how vividly they conjure up the Swede 's reality .
i wonder if roth himself appreciates how lively and persuasive these tones are , how vividly they [come up with/create] up the swede 's reality .

In theory , of course , this oligopoly pricing should conjure new airlines into existence , bringing supply more in line with demand and eventually harmonizing fares with costs .
in theory , of course , this oligopoly pricing should [come up with/create] new airlines into existence , bringing supply more in line with demand and eventually harmonizing fares with costs .

If you can conjure a mental image of Marilyn Monroe , William S. Burroughs , Frank Zappa , or Marianne Moore , chances are you 're thinking of an Avedon photograph .
if you can [come up with/create] a mental image of marilyn monroe , william s. burroughs , frank zappa , or marianne moore , chances are you 're thinking of an avedon photograph .

The only difference is that , in Hugo 's original writings , the wordy rhymed couplets conjure a feeling of endless verbal ingenuity , advancing majestically at a stately pace -- whereas , with the lyricists ' committee at Les Mis , everything rushes forward pell-mell , as always in modern Broadway productions , and clichés tread on one another 's heels , and you have this feeling of a hidden stage director crying , `` Next !
the only difference is that , in hugo 's original writings , the wordy rhymed couplets [come up with/create] a feeling of endless verbal ingenuity , advancing majestically at a stately pace -- whereas , with the lyricists ' committee at les mis , everything rushes forward pell-mell , as always in modern broadway productions , and clichés tread on one another 's heels , and you have this feeling of a hidden stage director crying , `` next !

Write a noun and the reader will conjure up an image .
write a noun and the reader will [come up with/create] up an image .

Unaided , I could conjure up only ten , not counting backguard and blow-hard which , while conforming to the pejorative pattern of the -ard words , were not formed as the others by the simple suffix addition .
unaided , i could [come up with/create] up only ten , not counting backguard and blow-hard which , while conforming to the pejorative pattern of the -ard words , were not formed as the others by the simple suffix addition .

The idea that words strung together will inevitably make some sort of sense and conjure connections in a reader 's mind has been vanquished by MTV .
the idea that words strung together will inevitably make some sort of sense and [come up with/create] connections in a reader 's mind has been vanquished by mtv .

DISABLED PARKING PLACES conjure up a nice version of a handicapped car park while MOTORCYCLE BAY SUSPENDED has overtones of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon .
disabled parking places [come up with/create] up a nice version of a handicapped car park while motorcycle bay suspended has overtones of the hanging gardens of babylon .

Some translators have set themselves an almost transcendental goal -- to answer the question , “ What thought did the person who first recorded these words really intend to express ? ” [ Jewish Publication Society , 1979 ] That is a thought to conjure with .
some translators have set themselves an almost transcendental goal -- to answer the question , “ what thought did the person who first recorded these words really intend to express ? ” [ jewish publication society , 1979 ] that is a thought to [come up with/create] with .

