Noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the strictures `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added that under existing rules the courts could not consolidate testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent .
noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the strictures `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added that under existing rules the courts could not [merge/combine] testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent .

To consolidate what her Navy had won , the Czarina was fortunate that , for the first time in Russian history , her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite Giaour .
to [merge/combine] what her navy had won , the czarina was fortunate that , for the first time in russian history , her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite giaour .

Now we 're going to say a temporary goodbye , because over the next few months we need to consolidate all that we have learned .
now we 're going to say a temporary goodbye , because over the next few months we need to [merge/combine] all that we have learned .

Yes , chair , actually gave it to this headed copy of it to consolidate erm with regard to contacting Leicester and Leeds Councils that have also sort of taken action against Nestlé , that 's still being done .
yes , chair , actually gave it to this headed copy of it to [merge/combine] erm with regard to contacting leicester and leeds councils that have also sort of taken action against nestlé , that 's still being done .

In a speech which will be seen by some as marking a move to the Right , he went on to consolidate Labour leader John Smith 's recent dismissal of the clause four debate about public ownership .
in a speech which will be seen by some as marking a move to the right , he went on to [merge/combine] labour leader john smith 's recent dismissal of the clause four debate about public ownership .

After three days of negotiations , federal and state government leaders overcame party rivalries late on Saturday to agree on new measures to consolidate the budget and help pay the huge costs of German unification .
after three days of negotiations , federal and state government leaders overcame party rivalries late on saturday to agree on new measures to [merge/combine] the budget and help pay the huge costs of german unification .

Dismissing the Pittencrieff bid , Aberdeen 's London-based managing director , David Hooker , said : ‘ We remain convinced that the smaller oil and gas companies should consolidate to add value for shareholders and expect to arrange a meeting with Pittencrieff in the near future . ’
dismissing the pittencrieff bid , aberdeen 's london-based managing director , david hooker , said : ‘ we remain convinced that the smaller oil and gas companies should [merge/combine] to add value for shareholders and expect to arrange a meeting with pittencrieff in the near future . ’

The flood banks will surely be rebuilt , hopefully made stronger by the use of wire mesh , gabions or even sheet-piling and not forgetting the use of natural vegetation to consolidate them .
the flood banks will surely be rebuilt , hopefully made stronger by the use of wire mesh , gabions or even sheet-piling and not forgetting the use of natural vegetation to [merge/combine] them .

They had shortcomings but behind them were two seasons of unprecedented success , a sturdy platform on which to build or to consolidate .
they had shortcomings but behind them were two seasons of unprecedented success , a sturdy platform on which to build or to [merge/combine] .

John Hunter , chief executive of the province 's Health and Social Services , said : ‘ The redevelopment of the Children 's Hospital represents a major boost to the Royal Group and will consolidate its already high reputation as a centre of medical excellence . ’
john hunter , chief executive of the province 's health and social services , said : ‘ the redevelopment of the children 's hospital represents a major boost to the royal group and will [merge/combine] its already high reputation as a centre of medical excellence . ’

Now we have to consolidate what we have done .
now we have to [merge/combine] what we have done .

Relocation to a new area could , therefore , provide the opportunity to consolidate on one site and to provide sufficient area for future expansion .
relocation to a new area could , therefore , provide the opportunity to [merge/combine] on one site and to provide sufficient area for future expansion .

‘ To provide a modern , high technology environment in which to consolidate company activities engaged in the development of software and systems using state-of-the-art techniques ;
‘ to provide a modern , high technology environment in which to [merge/combine] company activities engaged in the development of software and systems using state-of-the-art techniques ;

It seems that if a work is to continue to grow rather than to ‘ consolidate ’ ( a word not found in my Bible ! )
it seems that if a work is to continue to grow rather than to ‘ [merge/combine] ’ ( a word not found in my bible ! )

Smith first showed the way to consolidate a winning position .
smith first showed the way to [merge/combine] a winning position .

We can warehouse your merchandise , repack and consolidate it , deliver it to retailers .
we can warehouse your merchandise , repack and [merge/combine] it , deliver it to retailers .

In the tense climate of postwar eastern Europe , the new powers expediently circumnavigated the full truth of their citizens ' wartime collaboration and atrocities in order to consolidate power as quickly as possible .
in the tense climate of postwar eastern europe , the new powers expediently circumnavigated the full truth of their citizens ' wartime collaboration and atrocities in order to [merge/combine] power as quickly as possible .

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to company insolvency and winding up ( including the winding up on companies that are not insolvent , and of unregistered companies ) ; enactments relating to the insolvency and bankruptcy of individuals ; and other enactments bearing on those two subject matters , including the functions and qualification of insolvency practitioners , the public administration of insolvency , the penalisation and redress of malpractice and wrongdoing , and the avoidance of certain transactions at an undervalue .
an act to [merge/combine] the enactments relating to company insolvency and winding up ( including the winding up on companies that are not insolvent , and of unregistered companies ) ; enactments relating to the insolvency and bankruptcy of individuals ; and other enactments bearing on those two subject matters , including the functions and qualification of insolvency practitioners , the public administration of insolvency , the penalisation and redress of malpractice and wrongdoing , and the avoidance of certain transactions at an undervalue .

Sun Microsystems Inc has signed a long-term lease for three buildings in Chelmsford , Massachusetts to consolidate the four existing offices it has in the state .
sun microsystems inc has signed a long-term lease for three buildings in chelmsford , massachusetts to [merge/combine] the four existing offices it has in the state .

For the next 250 years the Dwarfs consolidate their hold over the mountains , gradually reopening many of their old mines and rebuilding countless tombs of their ancestors .
for the next 250 years the dwarfs [merge/combine] their hold over the mountains , gradually reopening many of their old mines and rebuilding countless tombs of their ancestors .

Intermittent war rages across Ulthuan once more as the Dark Elves consolidate their hold on the northern lands .
intermittent war rages across ulthuan once more as the dark elves [merge/combine] their hold on the northern lands .

Following the earlier reduction of similar size Amdahl says it has been able to restructure or consolidate a number of operations and the new cuts represent a further streamlining .
following the earlier reduction of similar size amdahl says it has been able to restructure or [merge/combine] a number of operations and the new cuts represent a further streamlining .

The Empire had been made by the wars of the mid-century , and Bismarck wanted peace to consolidate it .
the empire had been made by the wars of the mid-century , and bismarck wanted peace to [merge/combine] it .

The Mensheviks , convinced that only an early peace would enable them to consolidate the new regime , looked to the Stockholm conference in much the same spirit as did Ramsay MacDonald — to mobilize democratic forces in Western Europe to impose a negotiated peace on the warring states .
the mensheviks , convinced that only an early peace would enable them to [merge/combine] the new regime , looked to the stockholm conference in much the same spirit as did ramsay macdonald — to mobilize democratic forces in western europe to impose a negotiated peace on the warring states .

‘ Most people consolidate their information periodically and report it on a monthly basis : they tend to have huge consolidation exercises that go on for days .
‘ most people [merge/combine] their information periodically and report it on a monthly basis : they tend to have huge consolidation exercises that go on for days .

‘ Previously , for instance , where companies owned subsidiaries with different activities , they were actively encouraged not to consolidate them .
‘ previously , for instance , where companies owned subsidiaries with different activities , they were actively encouraged not to [merge/combine] them .

Hongkong Bank is moving fast to consolidate its acquisition and is appointing senior executives to many of the key positions .
hongkong bank is moving fast to [merge/combine] its acquisition and is appointing senior executives to many of the key positions .

Nigel Hicks at Panmure Gordon feels that the market will consolidate around the three main players , with their share rising from the current 57 % to around 70 % .
nigel hicks at panmure gordon feels that the market will [merge/combine] around the three main players , with their share rising from the current 57 % to around 70 % .

We therefore feel that a Pensions Act is now necessary in order to consolidate existing legislation , clarify the major areas of uncertainty which currently exist in trust law , and to introduce new safeguards which we believe to be necessary .
we therefore feel that a pensions act is now necessary in order to [merge/combine] existing legislation , clarify the major areas of uncertainty which currently exist in trust law , and to introduce new safeguards which we believe to be necessary .

The third proposes new guidance to consolidate and update existing guidance .
the third proposes new guidance to [merge/combine] and update existing guidance .

‘ Although we consolidate using spreadsheets at the moment , we find that it is quite a lot of hard work , ’ says finance director Mark Nabakov .
‘ although we [merge/combine] using spreadsheets at the moment , we find that it is quite a lot of hard work , ’ says finance director mark nabakov .

So Dymo wanted a product that would enable it to consolidate the ledger output .
so dymo wanted a product that would enable it to [merge/combine] the ledger output .

Its available agricultural land , the Tenantry Laines spread out along the downland valleys , was largely in the form of scattered individual strips and , although attempts were made to consolidate holdings in the 1780s , these were still on a small scale .
its available agricultural land , the tenantry laines spread out along the downland valleys , was largely in the form of scattered individual strips and , although attempts were made to [merge/combine] holdings in the 1780s , these were still on a small scale .

Whatever social class we ascribe to Benjamin the Silversmith will be open to some degree of misinterpretation ; it has been said that ‘ The sixty years of Queen Victoria 's reign were above all the sixty years of the middle-class man ’ , and we could apply that statement to our man 's ability to consolidate and improve upon his standing in society .
whatever social class we ascribe to benjamin the silversmith will be open to some degree of misinterpretation ; it has been said that ‘ the sixty years of queen victoria 's reign were above all the sixty years of the middle-class man ’ , and we could apply that statement to our man 's ability to [merge/combine] and improve upon his standing in society .

The CBoT 's Mr Arbor squawked that the deal was a double-cross ; the two Chicago exchanges are in long-term negotiations to consolidate many of their operations .
the cbot 's mr arbor squawked that the deal was a double-cross ; the two chicago exchanges are in long-term negotiations to [merge/combine] many of their operations .

As the net tightened , though , and those were taken away , so the only possible freedom became to protect ourselves and to try to consolidate our position .
as the net tightened , though , and those were taken away , so the only possible freedom became to protect ourselves and to try to [merge/combine] our position .

To consolidate his position he had given the baronage their first general charter of liberties , and he had promised generous payments to the count of Flanders for mercenaries .
to [merge/combine] his position he had given the baronage their first general charter of liberties , and he had promised generous payments to the count of flanders for mercenaries .

The first phase of the current project , now underway , is to clean and consolidate the outside walls .
the first phase of the current project , now underway , is to clean and [merge/combine] the outside walls .

In the 1950s John Wain proposed that the task of the Movement in verse was to consolidate the tradition of Eliot and Pound .
in the 1950s john wain proposed that the task of the movement in verse was to [merge/combine] the tradition of eliot and pound .

Exercises to introduce summary writing and consolidate new vocabulary
exercises to introduce summary writing and [merge/combine] new vocabulary

Your students will be prepared for each news item by structured discussion , and then helped with language and comprehension while watching ; after each item , they will practise and consolidate skills and vocabulary , through parallel reading and further exercises ; and finally they will be able to express themselves in follow-up writing tasks and communicative activities , such as making their own radio broadcast .
your students will be prepared for each news item by structured discussion , and then helped with language and comprehension while watching ; after each item , they will practise and [merge/combine] skills and vocabulary , through parallel reading and further exercises ; and finally they will be able to express themselves in follow-up writing tasks and communicative activities , such as making their own radio broadcast .

practice exercises consolidate new language
practice exercises [merge/combine] new language

The language study section provides clear explanations of grammar , and follows on with exercises so that students can practise and consolidate new language .
the language study section provides clear explanations of grammar , and follows on with exercises so that students can practise and [merge/combine] new language .

The Grammar and Practice Books consolidate the cognitive grammar approach used in the Student 's Books .
the grammar and practice books [merge/combine] the cognitive grammar approach used in the student 's books .

The exercises not only check comprehension but consolidate structural points and vocabulary .
the exercises not only check comprehension but [merge/combine] structural points and vocabulary .

Each reading passage is followed by motivating exercises , full of colour and fun , which not only check comprehension but also consolidate grammar points and develop vocabulary skills .
each reading passage is followed by motivating exercises , full of colour and fun , which not only check comprehension but also [merge/combine] grammar points and develop vocabulary skills .

Structures and vocabulary are carefully graded so that children consolidate and build on their English in a motivating way .
structures and vocabulary are carefully graded so that children [merge/combine] and build on their english in a motivating way .

The readers at Grades 3–6 also include exercises at the end of each book to consolidate language work .
the readers at grades 3–6 also include exercises at the end of each book to [merge/combine] language work .

At the end of each reader , there are exercises and a glossary of new words to consolidate the learning process .
at the end of each reader , there are exercises and a glossary of new words to [merge/combine] the learning process .

Six Grammar review and Grammar practice sections consolidate and practise the points covered in the previous two issues .
six grammar review and grammar practice sections [merge/combine] and practise the points covered in the previous two issues .

By afternoon the Battle of the Marne was over , but the slow-moving Allies failed to consolidate their gains .
by afternoon the battle of the marne was over , but the slow-moving allies failed to [merge/combine] their gains .

When the edging to the path is complete , the hardcore is rolled or vibrated to consolidate it and provide a firm base for the surface material .
when the edging to the path is complete , the hardcore is rolled or vibrated to [merge/combine] it and provide a firm base for the surface material .

Saddam Hussein rose to rule Iraq in succession to a cousin from the Takriti clans , and depended upon cousins and near relatives to consolidate his hold on power .
saddam hussein rose to rule iraq in succession to a cousin from the takriti clans , and depended upon cousins and near relatives to [merge/combine] his hold on power .

Twenty years earlier , it had been his patriotic rhetoric which had briefly rallied the nation around him and done so much to consolidate his grip on absolute power .
twenty years earlier , it had been his patriotic rhetoric which had briefly rallied the nation around him and done so much to [merge/combine] his grip on absolute power .

Words are aids to thinking , tools for learning : they can consolidate implicit awareness .
words are aids to thinking , tools for learning : they can [merge/combine] implicit awareness .

The cooperative movement had been going through the same process , and every week was being confronted by the same forces which had compelled trade unionists to consolidate their forces .
the cooperative movement had been going through the same process , and every week was being confronted by the same forces which had compelled trade unionists to [merge/combine] their forces .

Drawing on an earlier record of municipal activity and labour representation , it was able to consolidate its position at a time of hope for a new future by an active fusion of Labour Party , trade union and cooperative effort .
drawing on an earlier record of municipal activity and labour representation , it was able to [merge/combine] its position at a time of hope for a new future by an active fusion of labour party , trade union and cooperative effort .

In this , it accorded with the consciousness of sufficient of the electorate to consolidate power .
in this , it accorded with the consciousness of sufficient of the electorate to [merge/combine] power .

In the early postwar years potentially damaging splits within the ranks of the Labour Party in West Ham forced by the war were healed , and the party embarked on a campaign to consolidate power around a unified populist programme of reform .
in the early postwar years potentially damaging splits within the ranks of the labour party in west ham forced by the war were healed , and the party embarked on a campaign to [merge/combine] power around a unified populist programme of reform .

Motorola Inc is reportedly shutting down its 250-person San Jose , California facility to consolidate in Arizona .
motorola inc is reportedly shutting down its 250-person san jose , california facility to [merge/combine] in arizona .

To consolidate this success the railway is currently carrying out an extensive passenger survey to find out where its existing customers come from and what they think of the railway .
to [merge/combine] this success the railway is currently carrying out an extensive passenger survey to find out where its existing customers come from and what they think of the railway .

Day by day , under the hot September sun , it wound its way steadily southwestwards , stopping for a few hours here , for half a week there , while Balboa attempted — in most cases , successfully — to make and consolidate friendships with the leaders of the tribes on whose lands he trod .
day by day , under the hot september sun , it wound its way steadily southwestwards , stopping for a few hours here , for half a week there , while balboa attempted — in most cases , successfully — to make and [merge/combine] friendships with the leaders of the tribes on whose lands he trod .

Under the new captaincy of Ken Mentle , the club decided not to go all out for the title but simply to consolidate their Premier Division status .
under the new captaincy of ken mentle , the club decided not to go all out for the title but simply to [merge/combine] their premier division status .

You may also wish to use this opportunity to consolidate your knowledge of other areas covered so far : namely semantics and lexis .
you may also wish to use this opportunity to [merge/combine] your knowledge of other areas covered so far : namely semantics and lexis .

’ These freight forwarders frequently act either as carriers in their own right when they consolidate multiple shippers ' cargo and hire space on the vessel or vessels involved in the maritime leg of the journey .
’ these freight forwarders frequently act either as carriers in their own right when they [merge/combine] multiple shippers ' cargo and hire space on the vessel or vessels involved in the maritime leg of the journey .

Because the British planning system reinforces a natural tendency towards ‘ lumpy ’ growth , individual places tend to grow rapidly for a relatively short time and then consolidate more gradually , with the result that a place takes on a particular profile which then becomes relatively ‘ fossilized ’ .
because the british planning system reinforces a natural tendency towards ‘ lumpy ’ growth , individual places tend to grow rapidly for a relatively short time and then [merge/combine] more gradually , with the result that a place takes on a particular profile which then becomes relatively ‘ fossilized ’ .

Her training and her sense of self-survival told her to consolidate her sexual hold over him .
her training and her sense of self-survival told her to [merge/combine] her sexual hold over him .

They are intended to be used to consolidate or to revise language which has already been presented in other ways .
they are intended to be used to [merge/combine] or to revise language which has already been presented in other ways .

Each stage in this series of attempts to consolidate the validity of the observation statement , ‘ Here is a piece of chalk ’ , involves an appeal not only to further observation statements but also to more theoretical generalizations .
each stage in this series of attempts to [merge/combine] the validity of the observation statement , ‘ here is a piece of chalk ’ , involves an appeal not only to further observation statements but also to more theoretical generalizations .

In like wise the exchange of jades on such auspicious occasions as the emperor 's birthday served to consolidate mutual relations between ruler and officials .
in like wise the exchange of jades on such auspicious occasions as the emperor 's birthday served to [merge/combine] mutual relations between ruler and officials .

Peasants were encouraged to register their communal holdings as private property and to consolidate their scattered strips into coherent farms .
peasants were encouraged to register their communal holdings as private property and to [merge/combine] their scattered strips into coherent farms .

Kerensky sought to consolidate the position of the government by holding a State Conference in Moscow ( 12–15 August ) .
kerensky sought to [merge/combine] the position of the government by holding a state conference in moscow ( 12–15 august ) .

The attempts of the Provisional Government to consolidate the rule of the bourgeoisie duly failed .
the attempts of the provisional government to [merge/combine] the rule of the bourgeoisie duly failed .

Less than half of those who left the commune proceeded to consolidate their strips of land , and of these only a quarter actually moved their homesteads out of the village .
less than half of those who left the commune proceeded to [merge/combine] their strips of land , and of these only a quarter actually moved their homesteads out of the village .

He may consolidate his position by entering into a merger of sorts with Carlton when the Government permits such tie-ups in 1994 .
he may [merge/combine] his position by entering into a merger of sorts with carlton when the government permits such tie-ups in 1994 .

Although new names have produced the successes , Longman falls back on the old to consolidate the same .
although new names have produced the successes , longman falls back on the old to [merge/combine] the same .

In a move to consolidate the company assets , the Manor , the various office properties throughout West London and the Virgin island were revalued .
in a move to [merge/combine] the company assets , the manor , the various office properties throughout west london and the virgin island were revalued .

The British were determined to consolidate their own control over the country and in 1919 they imposed an Anglo-Persian treaty that virtually made Iran a British protectorate .
the british were determined to [merge/combine] their own control over the country and in 1919 they imposed an anglo-persian treaty that virtually made iran a british protectorate .

Ignoring the advice of General de Bono , the Commander-in-Chief , who wanted a pause in the advance in order to consolidate his gains and improve communications , he replaced him with General Badoglio .
ignoring the advice of general de bono , the commander-in-chief , who wanted a pause in the advance in order to [merge/combine] his gains and improve communications , he replaced him with general badoglio .

What , then , are the main constraints on Soviet attempts to project its power into the sub-continent and to consolidate a strong economic presence there ?
what , then , are the main constraints on soviet attempts to project its power into the sub-continent and to [merge/combine] a strong economic presence there ?

Clearly there were also domestic factors involved , primarily concerning Castro 's needs to consolidate the power base both of the revolution and of himself personally .
clearly there were also domestic factors involved , primarily concerning castro 's needs to [merge/combine] the power base both of the revolution and of himself personally .

However , by 1607 , the last of the Ulster chieftains had either been routed or driven into exile and , in six of the nine counties , English and Scottish settlers arrived to consolidate colonial rule and the English monarchy .
however , by 1607 , the last of the ulster chieftains had either been routed or driven into exile and , in six of the nine counties , english and scottish settlers arrived to [merge/combine] colonial rule and the english monarchy .

The rich countries will consolidate around the banner of democracy against Saddam Hussein-type enemies in the Middle East , the Third world , and even perhaps in eastern Europe and the Soviet Union .
the rich countries will [merge/combine] around the banner of democracy against saddam hussein-type enemies in the middle east , the third world , and even perhaps in eastern europe and the soviet union .

At the same time the new corporate structure will allow us to consolidate the on- going expansion of the information services offered by Infolink Ltd .
at the same time the new corporate structure will allow us to [merge/combine] the on- going expansion of the information services offered by infolink ltd .

Now that these two companies are offering both domestic and export credit insurance , they will both seek to protect and consolidate their position with their good quality policyholders by ousting their competitor .
now that these two companies are offering both domestic and export credit insurance , they will both seek to protect and [merge/combine] their position with their good quality policyholders by ousting their competitor .

This is an excellent opportunity for students to consolidate their studies and deal with any outstanding aspects which may have been causing difficulty .
this is an excellent opportunity for students to [merge/combine] their studies and deal with any outstanding aspects which may have been causing difficulty .

First , it must have enabled him to consolidate his hold on Anglian territories north of the Humber , establishing himself securely now not only in Deira but also presumably over the more outlying regions of his kingdom .
first , it must have enabled him to [merge/combine] his hold on anglian territories north of the humber , establishing himself securely now not only in deira but also presumably over the more outlying regions of his kingdom .

Plessey plc was the eighth most important corporation in Table 5.7 , and continued to consolidate its activities through mergers in the 1980s before themselves falling prey to takeover activity in 1989 .
plessey plc was the eighth most important corporation in table 5.7 , and continued to [merge/combine] its activities through mergers in the 1980s before themselves falling prey to takeover activity in 1989 .

This realist definition of photography as truth and evidence was reworked in pornographic texts to consolidate the notion of male sexual desire as instantly aroused and requiring constant relief .
this realist definition of photography as truth and evidence was reworked in pornographic texts to [merge/combine] the notion of male sexual desire as instantly aroused and requiring constant relief .

In the 20 years between 1919 and 1939 British town planning , while still resting firmly on public-sector housing-led initiatives undertaken before 1914 , proceeded both to consolidate its position as a tool of government and to widen its disciplinary and professional scope .
in the 20 years between 1919 and 1939 british town planning , while still resting firmly on public-sector housing-led initiatives undertaken before 1914 , proceeded both to [merge/combine] its position as a tool of government and to widen its disciplinary and professional scope .

His dedication to his duties , and his cultivation of friends and benefactors , helped to consolidate the museum 's reputation , both antiquarian and scientific .
his dedication to his duties , and his cultivation of friends and benefactors , helped to [merge/combine] the museum 's reputation , both antiquarian and scientific .

The new presidential system established by Gorbachev was never able to consolidate its authority and relationships with the assembly effectively .
the new presidential system established by gorbachev was never able to [merge/combine] its authority and relationships with the assembly effectively .

This balance sheet does not consolidate all the funds .
this balance sheet does not [merge/combine] all the funds .

This kind of repetition serves to consolidate the main message of the text ( which may otherwise not be sufficiently evident ) , and can also conveniently serve the ends ( through musical restatement ) of giving a strong , coherent musical form .
this kind of repetition serves to [merge/combine] the main message of the text ( which may otherwise not be sufficiently evident ) , and can also conveniently serve the ends ( through musical restatement ) of giving a strong , coherent musical form .

In that connection , an effective method of making available the up-to-date version of a frequently amended text is to consolidate it .
in that connection , an effective method of making available the up-to-date version of a frequently amended text is to [merge/combine] it .

In James ' opinion the party should be used as the instrument to build and consolidate ‘ the mass party ’ .
in james ' opinion the party should be used as the instrument to build and [merge/combine] ‘ the mass party ’ .

* The government is to host a further meeting in Tunis in April , when representatives of Western donors and multilateral agencies will consolidate plans to continue support for the environmental programme .
* the government is to host a further meeting in tunis in april , when representatives of western donors and multilateral agencies will [merge/combine] plans to continue support for the environmental programme .

One of Guinness Brewing Worldwide 's key strengths is the careful selection of such companies , those with excellent potential , which will take us into new markets or geographical areas , or consolidate our presence , and which can be integrated smoothly and add value to existing operations .
one of guinness brewing worldwide 's key strengths is the careful selection of such companies , those with excellent potential , which will take us into new markets or geographical areas , or [merge/combine] our presence , and which can be integrated smoothly and add value to existing operations .

5 and 6 above , the developments in European Studies and American Studies are expected to consolidate and build on existing research strengths in these fields .
5 and 6 above , the developments in european studies and american studies are expected to [merge/combine] and build on existing research strengths in these fields .

Persons who , pursuant to an agreement or understanding ( whether formal or informal ) , actively co-operate to obtain or consolidate control of a company by acquiring its shares .
persons who , pursuant to an agreement or understanding ( whether formal or informal ) , actively co-operate to obtain or [merge/combine] control of a company by acquiring its shares .

Persons act in concert if , pursuant to an agreement or understanding ( whether formal or informal ) , they actively co-operate to obtain or consolidate control ( ie 30 per cent or more of the voting rights ) of a company by acquiring its shares .
persons act in concert if , pursuant to an agreement or understanding ( whether formal or informal ) , they actively co-operate to obtain or [merge/combine] control ( ie 30 per cent or more of the voting rights ) of a company by acquiring its shares .

The obligation to make a mandatory offer attaches to the principal member or members of the group of persons who are acting in concert and who obtain or consolidate control ; it does not attach to the company itself .
the obligation to make a mandatory offer attaches to the principal member or members of the group of persons who are acting in concert and who obtain or [merge/combine] control ; it does not attach to the company itself .

It was looking for a new programme and trying to consolidate its confused followers .
it was looking for a new programme and trying to [merge/combine] its confused followers .

On the contrary , the use of such materials will consolidate and extend our students ’ familiarity with computational techniques while introducing them to a relatively new and important range of historical source material .
on the contrary , the use of such materials will [merge/combine] and extend our students ’ familiarity with computational techniques while introducing them to a relatively new and important range of historical source material .

There are any number of examples in Britain , the rest of Europe , and the United States , and the core curriculum developed recently is likely to consolidate and extend existing initiatives .
there are any number of examples in britain , the rest of europe , and the united states , and the core curriculum developed recently is likely to [merge/combine] and extend existing initiatives .

( Note : There is general power to consolidate any action or any matter with another if certain criteria are fulfilled ( Ord 13 , r 9 ) . )
( note : there is general power to [merge/combine] any action or any matter with another if certain criteria are fulfilled ( ord 13 , r 9 ) . )

Later , Cole comes near to conceding the point : ‘ in the eighties , Trade Unionism and Consumer Co-operation went on their several ways , each shedding much of its earlier idealism and each settling down to consolidate its position within somewhat narrowly delineated fields ’ , which will do as an anodyne description but which , in suppressing the pain , obscures the diagnosis .
later , cole comes near to conceding the point : ‘ in the eighties , trade unionism and consumer co-operation went on their several ways , each shedding much of its earlier idealism and each settling down to [merge/combine] its position within somewhat narrowly delineated fields ’ , which will do as an anodyne description but which , in suppressing the pain , obscures the diagnosis .

An idea began to form in his mind , but the Governors were apprehensive about taking on more commitments — faced with the abolition of the Direct Grant , they had decided to go `` Independent `` , and in the circumstances they thought it best to consolidate and take stock , rather than expand .
an idea began to form in his mind , but the governors were apprehensive about taking on more commitments — faced with the abolition of the direct grant , they had decided to go `` independent `` , and in the circumstances they thought it best to [merge/combine] and take stock , rather than expand .

Truman 's major aim in domestic policy was to consolidate and extend the reforms of the New Deal .
truman 's major aim in domestic policy was to [merge/combine] and extend the reforms of the new deal .

Not only does the Report address this group , it attempts to consolidate conditions for their functioning as national intellectuals , and to enhance their sense of identity .
not only does the report address this group , it attempts to [merge/combine] conditions for their functioning as national intellectuals , and to enhance their sense of identity .

Throughout the Latin America/Caribbean region , we feel that this is the time to consolidate a long process which we began in preparation for the Manila Congress in 1989 .
throughout the latin america/caribbean region , we feel that this is the time to [merge/combine] a long process which we began in preparation for the manila congress in 1989 .

After the hard fighting of the initial campaign Rome could have felt satisfied with the rapid conquest and prepared to stabilize and consolidate her new addition to the Empire .
after the hard fighting of the initial campaign rome could have felt satisfied with the rapid conquest and prepared to stabilize and [merge/combine] her new addition to the empire .

Mr Thornton however produces a wealth of information from literary and archival sources which consolidate many of his assumptions from the pictures .
mr thornton however produces a wealth of information from literary and archival sources which [merge/combine] many of his assumptions from the pictures .

While some participants argued that values such as freedom of the press and freedom of expression were ‘ western ’ ideas which robbed Africa of its authenticity , others reacted sharply by arguing that it was high time to consolidate democratic societies which are founded on inalienable rights .
while some participants argued that values such as freedom of the press and freedom of expression were ‘ western ’ ideas which robbed africa of its authenticity , others reacted sharply by arguing that it was high time to [merge/combine] democratic societies which are founded on inalienable rights .

Then after this time , a short ten to fifteen minutes break provides primary and recovery effects and helps consolidate previously learned material .
then after this time , a short ten to fifteen minutes break provides primary and recovery effects and helps [merge/combine] previously learned material .

While some participants argued that values such as freedom of the press and freedom of expression were ‘ western ’ ideas which robbed Africa of its authenticity , others reacted sharply by arguing that it was high time to consolidate democratic societies which are founded on inalienable rights .
while some participants argued that values such as freedom of the press and freedom of expression were ‘ western ’ ideas which robbed africa of its authenticity , others reacted sharply by arguing that it was high time to [merge/combine] democratic societies which are founded on inalienable rights .

National power passed to a new group of court nobles and activists from the four leading domains of Satsuma , Chó0shú , Tosa and Hizen , who moved quickly to consolidate their power .
national power passed to a new group of court nobles and activists from the four leading domains of satsuma , chó0shú , tosa and hizen , who moved quickly to [merge/combine] their power .

The war served to consolidate Japanese influence in both Korea and Manchuria .
the war served to [merge/combine] japanese influence in both korea and manchuria .

Its prime aim was to consolidate its own power , but it also hoped to centralise and unify the nation and attain to Western standards required for a revision of the unequal treaties .
its prime aim was to [merge/combine] its own power , but it also hoped to centralise and unify the nation and attain to western standards required for a revision of the unequal treaties .

The favour shown it by the Mongols had enabled it to consolidate its position across Russia long before the Muscovite State managed to do so .
the favour shown it by the mongols had enabled it to [merge/combine] its position across russia long before the muscovite state managed to do so .

This was why , having secured the legal codification of serfdom in 1649 , they showed little anxiety to consolidate an institutional mouthpiece at the centre and the Zemsky sobor faded away .
this was why , having secured the legal codification of serfdom in 1649 , they showed little anxiety to [merge/combine] an institutional mouthpiece at the centre and the zemsky sobor faded away .

Separate households might briefly establish a privileged position within the commune and rent land from the nobility on their own behalf , but it remained extremely difficult for them to consolidate their scattered strips of land or to introduce new methods and seeds .
separate households might briefly establish a privileged position within the commune and rent land from the nobility on their own behalf , but it remained extremely difficult for them to [merge/combine] their scattered strips of land or to introduce new methods and seeds .

The teaching has given the pupils the necessary facts but not the help to consolidate understanding in writing ( or indeed in talk ) , nor to master the compositional abilities to realise the understanding successfully .
the teaching has given the pupils the necessary facts but not the help to [merge/combine] understanding in writing ( or indeed in talk ) , nor to master the compositional abilities to realise the understanding successfully .

We need to consolidate and formulate policies now . ``
we need to [merge/combine] and formulate policies now . ``

There are powerful pressures for homogamy ( marriage within the class or status group ) for these reasons ; equally , a strategic marriage can bolster aristocratic wealth or consolidate the status of new wealth .
there are powerful pressures for homogamy ( marriage within the class or status group ) for these reasons ; equally , a strategic marriage can bolster aristocratic wealth or [merge/combine] the status of new wealth .

Use the vibrating plate to consolidate them .
use the vibrating plate to [merge/combine] them .

In the latest edition of The Company Director : Powers and Duties , published by Jordans in association with the Institute of Directors , authors Peter Loose , John Yelland and David Impey lament that ‘ whatever the virtues of its contents , the Companies Act 1989 has left the efforts to consolidate companies legislation in tatters .
in the latest edition of the company director : powers and duties , published by jordans in association with the institute of directors , authors peter loose , john yelland and david impey lament that ‘ whatever the virtues of its contents , the companies act 1989 has left the efforts to [merge/combine] companies legislation in tatters .

It is the Group 's job to consolidate this bank of knowledge and to match the know-how and skill of staff across a wide variety of disciplines to externally funded research projects .
it is the group 's job to [merge/combine] this bank of knowledge and to match the know-how and skill of staff across a wide variety of disciplines to externally funded research projects .

The task of bureaucracy was precisely to maintain a system of social relations which consolidate class domination .
the task of bureaucracy was precisely to maintain a system of social relations which [merge/combine] class domination .

Members will also study distance learning materials before starting the course to consolidate the College study and to prepare them for subsequent modules .
members will also study distance learning materials before starting the course to [merge/combine] the college study and to prepare them for subsequent modules .

To consolidate the learning process , workshops are held at Henley to provide a forum for interaction with tutors and other programme members .
to [merge/combine] the learning process , workshops are held at henley to provide a forum for interaction with tutors and other programme members .

Farms could be accumulated without being enclosed , and individual yeomen could , by exchanging strips in the open fields with their neighbours , consolidate their holdings and thereby create a unit which was easier to work .
farms could be accumulated without being enclosed , and individual yeomen could , by exchanging strips in the open fields with their neighbours , [merge/combine] their holdings and thereby create a unit which was easier to work .

The main areas of depopulation and enclosure in the Midlands were not on their itinerary , and in Kent , where the peasant community was free , it may well have been the peasantry who wished to consolidate their holdings .
the main areas of depopulation and enclosure in the midlands were not on their itinerary , and in kent , where the peasant community was free , it may well have been the peasantry who wished to [merge/combine] their holdings .

Fifteenth-century agriculture , as we have seen ( Ch.2 ) , gave the peasantry opportunities to consolidate their holdings , and it may well be that this led to a decline in the traditional co-operative cultivation of the open-field communities , as men purchased their own draught animals and ploughs .
fifteenth-century agriculture , as we have seen ( ch.2 ) , gave the peasantry opportunities to [merge/combine] their holdings , and it may well be that this led to a decline in the traditional co-operative cultivation of the open-field communities , as men purchased their own draught animals and ploughs .

Consolidate the DCs .
[merge/combine] the dcs .

Either consolidate the existing DCs or use another package to do the work .
either [merge/combine] the existing dcs or use another package to do the work .

The first aim of Mussolini 's and Hitler 's regimes was the creation of ‘ National Solidarity ’ ( Schoenbaum , page 47 ) and a ‘ disciplined support of the masses ’ ( De Grazia , page 3 ) to consolidate their political base .
the first aim of mussolini 's and hitler 's regimes was the creation of ‘ national solidarity ’ ( schoenbaum , page 47 ) and a ‘ disciplined support of the masses ’ ( de grazia , page 3 ) to [merge/combine] their political base .

Following April 's revolution in which King Birendra had been forced to accede to protesters ' demands for major political reforms [ see pp. 37362-63 ] , the new interim government ( headed by Nepali Congress president Krishna Prasad Bhattarai ) moved to consolidate its achievements during May .
following april 's revolution in which king birendra had been forced to accede to protesters ' demands for major political reforms [ see pp. 37362-63 ] , the new interim government ( headed by nepali congress president krishna prasad bhattarai ) moved to [merge/combine] its achievements during may .

In their final declaration they undertook `` to democratize further our societies and consolidate democratic institutions in our countries `` .
in their final declaration they undertook `` to democratize further our societies and [merge/combine] democratic institutions in our countries `` .

The communiqué issued at the end of the San José meeting expressed the hope that the agreement would `` consolidate the pacification and democratization process and generate a climate of confidence and security `` in the region .
the communiqué issued at the end of the san josé meeting expressed the hope that the agreement would `` [merge/combine] the pacification and democratization process and generate a climate of confidence and security `` in the region .

In his letter of Aug. 14 Saddam had underlined his determination `` not to keep any of Iraq 's potential outside the arena of the great duel `` and it was widely believed that this implied either an intention to consolidate Iraqi gains in Kuwait or launch an attack against Saudi Arabia .
in his letter of aug. 14 saddam had underlined his determination `` not to keep any of iraq 's potential outside the arena of the great duel `` and it was widely believed that this implied either an intention to [merge/combine] iraqi gains in kuwait or launch an attack against saudi arabia .

To consolidate his hold on Georgia , Alexander had been moving east to the Persian-controlled shore of the south-western Caspian and west to the Turkish-controlled shore of the south-eastern Black Sea .
to [merge/combine] his hold on georgia , alexander had been moving east to the persian-controlled shore of the south-western caspian and west to the turkish-controlled shore of the south-eastern black sea .

Although at first he had to consolidate his position at home , it was always his ambition to undermine the European order which had come into being after the defeat of his uncle .
although at first he had to [merge/combine] his position at home , it was always his ambition to undermine the european order which had come into being after the defeat of his uncle .

Almost immediately , Martin Trench fired home Mayo 's goal and three points from Joe Henry helped to consolidate the westerners ' effort .
almost immediately , martin trench fired home mayo 's goal and three points from joe henry helped to [merge/combine] the westerners ' effort .

First , it will clarify and consolidate existing knowledge about the role of the Treasury in public policy-making .
first , it will clarify and [merge/combine] existing knowledge about the role of the treasury in public policy-making .

In its first phase , the project will consolidate fundamental demographic and biographical information , extracted from a variety of sources , about the Members of the current session of Parliament .
in its first phase , the project will [merge/combine] fundamental demographic and biographical information , extracted from a variety of sources , about the members of the current session of parliament .

The project attempts to clarify and consolidate the overall body of theoretical knowledge produced by the international relations discipline .
the project attempts to clarify and [merge/combine] the overall body of theoretical knowledge produced by the international relations discipline .

Finlay , from Ballygawley , won the opening round of the national series in the south of England a month ago and bids to consolidate his position on Saturday in the Aberdeen-based Granite City Rally .
finlay , from ballygawley , won the opening round of the national series in the south of england a month ago and bids to [merge/combine] his position on saturday in the aberdeen-based granite city rally .

The musical Billy gave Crawford a chance to consolidate his previous stage success , with No Sex , Please — We 're British .
the musical billy gave crawford a chance to [merge/combine] his previous stage success , with no sex , please — we 're british .

We have been able to consolidate our position as the major private label breakfast cereal supplier to the French market and enjoy further growth in other European markets .
we have been able to [merge/combine] our position as the major private label breakfast cereal supplier to the french market and enjoy further growth in other european markets .

Powerful incumbent airlines found three ways to erect strategic entry barriers and consolidate their market power .
powerful incumbent airlines found three ways to erect strategic entry barriers and [merge/combine] their market power .

Moreover , in Chapter 10 we discussed how large firms enjoying a significant but not prohibitive entry barrier could erect strategic entry barriers to consolidate their market power .
moreover , in chapter 10 we discussed how large firms enjoying a significant but not prohibitive entry barrier could erect strategic entry barriers to [merge/combine] their market power .

The plant was built under a Labour Government , with a large amount of taxpayers ' money , as part of efforts to consolidate bus manufacturing within the United Kingdom .
the plant was built under a labour government , with a large amount of taxpayers ' money , as part of efforts to [merge/combine] bus manufacturing within the united kingdom .

It represented a unique western European opportunity to grab control at that supreme moment of time and to consolidate the structure of what is one of the few secure fixtures in this fast-changing continent that we inhabit .
it represented a unique western european opportunity to grab control at that supreme moment of time and to [merge/combine] the structure of what is one of the few secure fixtures in this fast-changing continent that we inhabit .

The most important of these restricted speed to 20 mph for the first 6 months of working in order to permit the road bed to consolidate satisfactorily .
the most important of these restricted speed to 20 mph for the first 6 months of working in order to permit the road bed to [merge/combine] satisfactorily .

We are immensely keen to help consolidate democracy in Nepal .
we are immensely keen to help [merge/combine] democracy in nepal .

The objective of this research is to consolidate , systematise and generalise our ( previously separate ) experience of conducting experimental investigations into economic behaviour under uncertainty , thereby furthering the use of experimental methods in economics . The investigators are conducting a co-ordinated and intensive programme of work which should produce the following benefits :
the objective of this research is to [merge/combine] , systematise and generalise our ( previously separate ) experience of conducting experimental investigations into economic behaviour under uncertainty , thereby furthering the use of experimental methods in economics . the investigators are conducting a co-ordinated and intensive programme of work which should produce the following benefits :

Frequently , they expressed a sympathy for guerrilla activities and direct action , without recognizing that successful guerrilla movements were either controlled by an organized and disciplined party ( as in China ) or turned themselves into a traditional type of party ( as in Cuba ) when it became necessary to consolidate their rule and implement their policies .
frequently , they expressed a sympathy for guerrilla activities and direct action , without recognizing that successful guerrilla movements were either controlled by an organized and disciplined party ( as in china ) or turned themselves into a traditional type of party ( as in cuba ) when it became necessary to [merge/combine] their rule and implement their policies .

Thirdly , the rulers of new nations , by whatever means they attained power , had to consolidate their central control over the society and reinforce the sense of national identity .
thirdly , the rulers of new nations , by whatever means they attained power , had to [merge/combine] their central control over the society and reinforce the sense of national identity .

Overall these efforts will consolidate Johnson Matthey 's position as a leading supplier of high-technology materials .
overall these efforts will [merge/combine] johnson matthey 's position as a leading supplier of high-technology materials .

Just as those who at the pre-school stage help children to learn to read know that a structured effort to consolidate all the skills connected with reading will be made in the primary school itself , so teachers in primary schools need to know what will be built on the skills , knowledge , interests and attitudes of the children whom they will pass on to the next stage .
just as those who at the pre-school stage help children to learn to read know that a structured effort to [merge/combine] all the skills connected with reading will be made in the primary school itself , so teachers in primary schools need to know what will be built on the skills , knowledge , interests and attitudes of the children whom they will pass on to the next stage .

The original plan had been for a rapid take-over of military and political control in Madrid , accompanied by risings in the other main cities and the convergence on the capital of detachments from the provinces to consolidate the coup and force the transfer of power .
the original plan had been for a rapid take-over of military and political control in madrid , accompanied by risings in the other main cities and the convergence on the capital of detachments from the provinces to [merge/combine] the coup and force the transfer of power .

It was also a fight to consolidate his position within the insurgent camp .
it was also a fight to [merge/combine] his position within the insurgent camp .

Thus , when he explained his view of the campaign , and of the war as whole , to Cantalupo on 4 April , he claimed that he was waging war slowly , in order to avoid unnecessary destruction and to consolidate the `` liberation `` ( which , he said , was not the same as the mere `` conquest `` ) of one area before going on to the next .
thus , when he explained his view of the campaign , and of the war as whole , to cantalupo on 4 april , he claimed that he was waging war slowly , in order to avoid unnecessary destruction and to [merge/combine] the `` liberation `` ( which , he said , was not the same as the mere `` conquest `` ) of one area before going on to the next .

Precisely for that reason , it is urgently necessary to consolidate the present and make definitively sure of the future .
precisely for that reason , it is urgently necessary to [merge/combine] the present and make definitively sure of the future .

The report had initially been commissioned by Arthur Greenwood when he was in the War Cabinet : its purpose had been to recommend measures to consolidate existing welfare provisions , which tended to vary from one scheme to another .
the report had initially been commissioned by arthur greenwood when he was in the war cabinet : its purpose had been to recommend measures to [merge/combine] existing welfare provisions , which tended to vary from one scheme to another .

The Company were already building ships at their yard which was sited opposite the Customs House and the dry dock helped to consolidate the repair side of the business .
the company were already building ships at their yard which was sited opposite the customs house and the dry dock helped to [merge/combine] the repair side of the business .

Addressing the National Assembly on May 22 Cresson said that she intended to consolidate the strengths of the French economy , which she defined as `` a strong franc , inflation under control [ and ] rigorous control of public spending `` .
addressing the national assembly on may 22 cresson said that she intended to [merge/combine] the strengths of the french economy , which she defined as `` a strong franc , inflation under control [ and ] rigorous control of public spending `` .

Although no clear winner emerged from the debate , most commentators believed that Clinton had performed well enough to consolidate his position as the leading contender .
although no clear winner emerged from the debate , most commentators believed that clinton had performed well enough to [merge/combine] his position as the leading contender .

On Jan. 5 he pledged to continue and consolidate the free-market reforms started by the Mazowiecki government .
on jan. 5 he pledged to continue and [merge/combine] the free-market reforms started by the mazowiecki government .

The heaviest fighting of the conflict so far ensued as Serbian nationalists intensified efforts to consolidate their positions before the peace conference began on Sept. 7 .
the heaviest fighting of the conflict so far ensued as serbian nationalists intensified efforts to [merge/combine] their positions before the peace conference began on sept. 7 .

The government also aimed to improve the country 's financial situation and to consolidate a free-enterprise system .
the government also aimed to improve the country 's financial situation and to [merge/combine] a free-enterprise system .

Ten principles based on the Helsinki Final Act of 1975 which sought , among other things , to `` build , consolidate and strengthen democracy as the only system of government `` ; to recognize `` human rights [ as ] the birthright of all human beings `` ; to uphold `` free and fair elections `` ; to affirm the right of all individuals to `` freedom of thought `` and to ownership of property ; to protect `` the ethnic , cultural , linguistic and religious identity of national minorities `` and to develop `` market economies `` .
ten principles based on the helsinki final act of 1975 which sought , among other things , to `` build , [merge/combine] and strengthen democracy as the only system of government `` ; to recognize `` human rights [ as ] the birthright of all human beings `` ; to uphold `` free and fair elections `` ; to affirm the right of all individuals to `` freedom of thought `` and to ownership of property ; to protect `` the ethnic , cultural , linguistic and religious identity of national minorities `` and to develop `` market economies `` .

In a television interview on Oct. 3 , Kozyrev had warned that `` there is a danger that the old structures will consolidate themselves in a new guise `` , meaning communists transformed into `` national patriots `` .
in a television interview on oct. 3 , kozyrev had warned that `` there is a danger that the old structures will [merge/combine] themselves in a new guise `` , meaning communists transformed into `` national patriots `` .

build upon achievements of the previous years and consolidate any successful ‘ pilot ’ work from previous year .
build upon achievements of the previous years and [merge/combine] any successful ‘ pilot ’ work from previous year .

Clearly , you need to use the time you have available to consolidate what is going to be in the foreground — what is central to your essay — rather than in mugging up materials which at best can only ever form marginal elements of the final piece of work .
clearly , you need to use the time you have available to [merge/combine] what is going to be in the foreground — what is central to your essay — rather than in mugging up materials which at best can only ever form marginal elements of the final piece of work .

( b ) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of a larger amount than its existing shares ;
( b ) [merge/combine] and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of a larger amount than its existing shares ;

We hope that this more intensive schedule , extra to current monthly timetable , will consolidate the progress of our students and in turn contribute noticeably to the attainment of training goals as set out in the Development Plan .
we hope that this more intensive schedule , extra to current monthly timetable , will [merge/combine] the progress of our students and in turn contribute noticeably to the attainment of training goals as set out in the development plan .

Use it to consolidate and revise , as much as a `` teacher `` .
use it to [merge/combine] and revise , as much as a `` teacher `` .

Instead there is an attempt to consolidate what is already known .
instead there is an attempt to [merge/combine] what is already known .

For history reveals , time and again , that while vertical thinking can bring our full intellectual powers to bear upon a problem and thus to consolidate a position , it is chance that causes us to stumble upon it ( both the problem and its possible solution ) in the first place .
for history reveals , time and again , that while vertical thinking can bring our full intellectual powers to bear upon a problem and thus to [merge/combine] a position , it is chance that causes us to stumble upon it ( both the problem and its possible solution ) in the first place .

For his part , Hitler needed their support to gain and consolidate power .
for his part , hitler needed their support to gain and [merge/combine] power .

With Labour now likely to bury their tax madness in their charge to the right , the Tories have to stay well ahead of them and consolidate their position as the party committed to cutting public waste and bringing down tax rates .
with labour now likely to bury their tax madness in their charge to the right , the tories have to stay well ahead of them and [merge/combine] their position as the party committed to cutting public waste and bringing down tax rates .

Western diplomats referred to the example of neighbouring Croatia , where a stream of failed ceasefires were used by militias to consolidate gains and prepare for new offences .
western diplomats referred to the example of neighbouring croatia , where a stream of failed ceasefires were used by militias to [merge/combine] gains and prepare for new offences .

Soon after the first Sputnik launch , Macmillan crossed the Atlantic to consolidate the refound Anglo-American special relationship .
soon after the first sputnik launch , macmillan crossed the atlantic to [merge/combine] the refound anglo-american special relationship .

Positions , of course , are never as black and white as that — consolidators have radical streaks ; sensible reformers know when to consolidate .
positions , of course , are never as black and white as that — consolidators have radical streaks ; sensible reformers know when to [merge/combine] .

The emergency declaration was affirmed by 22 of the 23 members of the Senate in an apparent attempt to consolidate the various branches of government for what President Aquino said would be ‘ the final blow in the final confrontation ’ against the rebels .
the emergency declaration was affirmed by 22 of the 23 members of the senate in an apparent attempt to [merge/combine] the various branches of government for what president aquino said would be ‘ the final blow in the final confrontation ’ against the rebels .

But unlike Labour , who just want to extend national insurance contributions to all levels of income , we want to consolidate them into income tax .
but unlike labour , who just want to extend national insurance contributions to all levels of income , we want to [merge/combine] them into income tax .

The most striking example of a state using a federation to augment and consolidate its power is perhaps the position of Prussia within the Zollverein ( Customs Union ) , the North German Federation and finally the German Empire .
the most striking example of a state using a federation to augment and [merge/combine] its power is perhaps the position of prussia within the zollverein ( customs union ) , the north german federation and finally the german empire .

This review process should result in an agreement of action to be taken at the next meeting to consolidate and celebrate strengths and to overcome weaknesses .
this review process should result in an agreement of action to be taken at the next meeting to [merge/combine] and celebrate strengths and to overcome weaknesses .

First is the clear emergence of the Club as a business — despite the cumbersome nature of its management structure and the predilection of successive Committees to achieve something instantly , rather than to consolidate .
first is the clear emergence of the club as a business — despite the cumbersome nature of its management structure and the predilection of successive committees to achieve something instantly , rather than to [merge/combine] .

Arrangements can be made to consolidate debts and pay them off gradually .
arrangements can be made to [merge/combine] debts and pay them off gradually .

The effervescent Scot should consolidate third position in the table by booting home Gallant Hope ( 3.0 ) and Somethingdifferent ( 3.35 ) .
the effervescent scot should [merge/combine] third position in the table by booting home gallant hope ( 3.0 ) and somethingdifferent ( 3.35 ) .

Snow Bride , who finished three-lengths second to Aliysa , would then be declared the winner and she should consolidate her enormous value as a broodmare by taking today 's Princess Royal Stakes .
snow bride , who finished three-lengths second to aliysa , would then be declared the winner and she should [merge/combine] her enormous value as a broodmare by taking today 's princess royal stakes .

There is open to us only one course of action : we must quit the Confederation , consolidate and centralise our own power .
there is open to us only one course of action : we must quit the confederation , [merge/combine] and centralise our own power .

Finally , consolidate the results of the crime audit into an ‘ Action Plan ’ in which responsibilities are clearly allocated .
finally , [merge/combine] the results of the crime audit into an ‘ action plan ’ in which responsibilities are clearly allocated .

Nevertheless , knowledge and skill can be acquired more quickly through a well-planned training programme , and you would be well advised to consolidate your early practical experience through further training before committing yourself to the full responsibility of your own farm and livestock .
nevertheless , knowledge and skill can be acquired more quickly through a well-planned training programme , and you would be well advised to [merge/combine] your early practical experience through further training before committing yourself to the full responsibility of your own farm and livestock .

They are used to cut up turf and consolidate a seed-bed , particularly after ploughing an old sward .
they are used to cut up turf and [merge/combine] a seed-bed , particularly after ploughing an old sward .

Mr Abalkin rejected this as too slow ; instead of giving the old system time to adjust , it would allow ‘ opposing forces time to consolidate ’ .
mr abalkin rejected this as too slow ; instead of giving the old system time to adjust , it would allow ‘ opposing forces time to [merge/combine] ’ .

In addition to securing Commonwealth support for their position , the British sought to consolidate their own aviation policy into some definable form , something which had eluded them for several years .
in addition to securing commonwealth support for their position , the british sought to [merge/combine] their own aviation policy into some definable form , something which had eluded them for several years .

With its political basis ensured , the government could now settle down to consolidate and enjoy the fruits of recovery .
with its political basis ensured , the government could now settle down to [merge/combine] and enjoy the fruits of recovery .

Butler sees deviant sexualities more generally as involving this same process of denaturalizing , as parodic subversive repetitions which displace rather than consolidate heterosexual norms .
butler sees deviant sexualities more generally as involving this same process of denaturalizing , as parodic subversive repetitions which displace rather than [merge/combine] heterosexual norms .

Without him , they were unable to consolidate the uprising and were trapped by loyal troops .
without him , they were unable to [merge/combine] the uprising and were trapped by loyal troops .

Having established a position you can consolidate it by using defensive tactics to keep other boards behind you .
having established a position you can [merge/combine] it by using defensive tactics to keep other boards behind you .

By the third single , most people were familiar with The Wedding Present 's pop thrash and all it really did was consolidate their position .
by the third single , most people were familiar with the wedding present 's pop thrash and all it really did was [merge/combine] their position .

In Dublin today Charlton will send out the Republic against Northern Ireland in an attempt to take the points that would virtually ensure participation in the World Cup finals next summer in Italy , a feat guaranteed to consolidate his status as a modern Irish hero .
in dublin today charlton will send out the republic against northern ireland in an attempt to take the points that would virtually ensure participation in the world cup finals next summer in italy , a feat guaranteed to [merge/combine] his status as a modern irish hero .

Real , less cavalier than under Leo Beenhakker , tried to consolidate and break ; but the offside flag abused them and the initiative remained with Barcelona , who went ahead after Eusebio was judged to have been tripped inside the area .
real , less cavalier than under leo beenhakker , tried to [merge/combine] and break ; but the offside flag abused them and the initiative remained with barcelona , who went ahead after eusebio was judged to have been tripped inside the area .

‘ He 's not going to just co-ordinate and consolidate any longer , ’ Muldoon said , with increasing nervousness .
‘ he 's not going to just co-ordinate and [merge/combine] any longer , ’ muldoon said , with increasing nervousness .

During this time she wanted to exploit all the constitutional possibilities and consolidate a broad-based support around the civil rights demands .
during this time she wanted to exploit all the constitutional possibilities and [merge/combine] a broad-based support around the civil rights demands .

Quite apart from the fact that Hopper 's movie was eventually virtually sabotaged by the studio ( or himself , depending on which side you were on ) , director Bob Rafelson had a good script which would without question consolidate Nicholson as the finest exponent of counter-culture appeal available anywhere in America in that year .
quite apart from the fact that hopper 's movie was eventually virtually sabotaged by the studio ( or himself , depending on which side you were on ) , director bob rafelson had a good script which would without question [merge/combine] nicholson as the finest exponent of counter-culture appeal available anywhere in america in that year .

Tranmere , keen to salvage some Merseyside pride and also consolidate their own mid-table position , took full advantage of their opponents ' fatigue to claim the points with two exceptional goals .
tranmere , keen to salvage some merseyside pride and also [merge/combine] their own mid-table position , took full advantage of their opponents ' fatigue to claim the points with two exceptional goals .

Then consolidate soft areas by ramming in rubble .
then [merge/combine] soft areas by ramming in rubble .

Use a garden roller to consolidate the sand . Add more until just the thickness of the slabs remains
use a garden roller to [merge/combine] the sand . add more until just the thickness of the slabs remains

Now is the time to consolidate your gains by asking for more walks and extra perks , as your sensible attitude will enhance your standing during this fruitful period .
now is the time to [merge/combine] your gains by asking for more walks and extra perks , as your sensible attitude will enhance your standing during this fruitful period .

As the military mutiny dragged on for the sixth day , President Corazon Aquino asked Filipinos to ‘ join hands and consolidate our resources to rebuild what we have destroyed ’ .
as the military mutiny dragged on for the sixth day , president corazon aquino asked filipinos to ‘ join hands and [merge/combine] our resources to rebuild what we have destroyed ’ .

As the military mutiny dragged on for the sixth day , President Corazon Aquino asked Filipinos to ‘ join hands and consolidate our resources to rebuild what we have destroyed ’ .
as the military mutiny dragged on for the sixth day , president corazon aquino asked filipinos to ‘ join hands and [merge/combine] our resources to rebuild what we have destroyed ’ .

This made it possible for Germany to develop economically and socially , and enabled Barbarossa to consolidate and extend his imperial and personal power throughout the German kingdom .
this made it possible for germany to develop economically and socially , and enabled barbarossa to [merge/combine] and extend his imperial and personal power throughout the german kingdom .

The following year Cook made a bold step to expand and consolidate his business : he opened an office in London , at 98 Fleet Street , which was run by his son , John Mason .
the following year cook made a bold step to expand and [merge/combine] his business : he opened an office in london , at 98 fleet street , which was run by his son , john mason .

We may already have built a rewarding business relationship together and feel that by offering you the shell Account Card this will help to consolidate it .
we may already have built a rewarding business relationship together and feel that by offering you the shell account card this will help to [merge/combine] it .

His teacher 's explanation would help to consolidate his previous experiences .
his teacher 's explanation would help to [merge/combine] his previous experiences .

The crucial difference between the Germans and the Poles who profited from the efforts of the Colonisation Commission and the Polish banks through the sale and resale of farms and estates was that , while the Germans would eventually sell up for good and move away westwards to retire on money invested in Germany 's growing industrial enterprises , the Poles would stay put , use their money to consolidate their farms and purchases , and deposit their savings in the Land Purchase Bank .
the crucial difference between the germans and the poles who profited from the efforts of the colonisation commission and the polish banks through the sale and resale of farms and estates was that , while the germans would eventually sell up for good and move away westwards to retire on money invested in germany 's growing industrial enterprises , the poles would stay put , use their money to [merge/combine] their farms and purchases , and deposit their savings in the land purchase bank .

The Shorthorn/Highland first cross has always been popular but it took the concerted efforts of the three Cadzow brothers on an island off the west coast of Scotland to consolidate the virtues of the cross and turn it into a genuine breed , the Luing , named after the island of its origin .
the shorthorn/highland first cross has always been popular but it took the concerted efforts of the three cadzow brothers on an island off the west coast of scotland to [merge/combine] the virtues of the cross and turn it into a genuine breed , the luing , named after the island of its origin .

In his victory speech , Mr. Malone spoke of the effort his team had made ‘ to not only consolidate our work in this constituency , but to improve it .
in his victory speech , mr. malone spoke of the effort his team had made ‘ to not only [merge/combine] our work in this constituency , but to improve it .

Further , managers tried to consolidate their new powers by putting the new controls well beyond the reach of any shop-floor worker — on the other side of the factory , where only managers and engineers were permitted .
further , managers tried to [merge/combine] their new powers by putting the new controls well beyond the reach of any shop-floor worker — on the other side of the factory , where only managers and engineers were permitted .

To consolidate heavy industry one needs ‘ funds ’ ( funds of food-stuff , raw materials , additional equipment and so forth ) .
to [merge/combine] heavy industry one needs ‘ funds ’ ( funds of food-stuff , raw materials , additional equipment and so forth ) .

Air Products and Chemicals is to consolidate its manufacture of Dabco , Polycat and Surfynol at a new factory in Heijningen , The Netherlands .
air products and chemicals is to [merge/combine] its manufacture of dabco , polycat and surfynol at a new factory in heijningen , the netherlands .

Planning department 's role is then to ensure that plans are prepared , to help the chief executive to review the proposed plans , and to consolidate and present a total corporate-wide plan .
planning department 's role is then to ensure that plans are prepared , to help the chief executive to review the proposed plans , and to [merge/combine] and present a total corporate-wide plan .

The war and economic crisis has also brought a recognition of the need to consolidate the gains of the early years of the revolution , particularly to reinforce literacy .
the war and economic crisis has also brought a recognition of the need to [merge/combine] the gains of the early years of the revolution , particularly to reinforce literacy .

This was approached from two angles : first , what was known as the ‘ battle for the fourth grade ’ , an acknowledgement that substantial numbers of children either did not go to school or did not stay long enough to consolidate literacy .
this was approached from two angles : first , what was known as the ‘ battle for the fourth grade ’ , an acknowledgement that substantial numbers of children either did not go to school or did not stay long enough to [merge/combine] literacy .

The occasional or once-in-a-while reward ( intermittent reinforcement ) will consolidate an established bad habit more effectively than a reward given every time .
the occasional or once-in-a-while reward ( intermittent reinforcement ) will [merge/combine] an established bad habit more effectively than a reward given every time .

During the war , various reforms attempted to consolidate these diverse institutions , including the appointment in February 1855 of Lord Panmure to a position combining both governmental posts .
during the war , various reforms attempted to [merge/combine] these diverse institutions , including the appointment in february 1855 of lord panmure to a position combining both governmental posts .

The Dutch used this period to consolidate their social systems to the benefit of the whole community .
the dutch used this period to [merge/combine] their social systems to the benefit of the whole community .

It has been requiring states to consolidate legal aid groups in an attempt to conserve money and improve services .
it has been requiring states to [merge/combine] legal aid groups in an attempt to conserve money and improve services .

For two years , Bronx Legal Services has been warned that it would have to consolidate with the rest of the city 's Legal Services system .
for two years , bronx legal services has been warned that it would have to [merge/combine] with the rest of the city 's legal services system .

The task force recommended that Hewlett Packard consolidate its transaction processing activities such as accounts payable , accounts receivable , payroll , and fixed assets accounting from over 100 decentralized centers into just 8 Financial Service Centers worldwide .
the task force recommended that hewlett packard [merge/combine] its transaction processing activities such as accounts payable , accounts receivable , payroll , and fixed assets accounting from over 100 decentralized centers into just 8 financial service centers worldwide .

To achieve these cost savings and provide innovative , costeffective shared business services , Hewlett Packard not only had to consolidate its activities , but it also had to reengineer its processes and change its organizational structure .
to achieve these cost savings and provide innovative , costeffective shared business services , hewlett packard not only had to [merge/combine] its activities , but it also had to reengineer its processes and change its organizational structure .

These reports consolidate and integrate audited financial statements and reporting under the Results Act and other related laws to ( 1 ) show the degree to which an agency met its goals and at what cost and ( 2 ) aid the reader in determining whether the agency was well run .
these reports [merge/combine] and integrate audited financial statements and reporting under the results act and other related laws to ( 1 ) show the degree to which an agency met its goals and at what cost and ( 2 ) aid the reader in determining whether the agency was well run .

As a result , Congress expects agencies to consolidate , aggregate , or disaggregate the lists of program activities appearing in the budget accounts .
as a result , congress expects agencies to [merge/combine] , aggregate , or disaggregate the lists of program activities appearing in the budget accounts .

GMRA authorized OMB , upon proper notification to Congress , to consolidate and simplify management reports .
gmra authorized omb , upon proper notification to congress , to [merge/combine] and simplify management reports .

For example , GAO has taken significant steps to consolidate its field office structure .
for example , gao has taken significant steps to [merge/combine] its field office structure .

As I mentioned earlier , we are continuing to consolidate and reduce our field offices to streamline our operations , reduce silos , and improve productivity .
as i mentioned earlier , we are continuing to [merge/combine] and reduce our field offices to streamline our operations , reduce silos , and improve productivity .

The reconfiguration standards spelled out in this Special Report to Congress consolidate informa- tion taken from the following previously published LSC sources : Building State Justice Communi- ties : A State Planning Report from the Legal Services Corporation , April 2001 ; Letter to NLADA , CLASP , and PAG , May 1999 ; Program Letter 98-1 ; Program Letter 98-6 ; Program Letter 2000-1 ; and Program Letter 2001-7 .
the reconfiguration standards spelled out in this special report to congress [merge/combine] informa- tion taken from the following previously published lsc sources : building state justice communi- ties : a state planning report from the legal services corporation , april 2001 ; letter to nlada , clasp , and pag , may 1999 ; program letter 98-1 ; program letter 98-6 ; program letter 2000-1 ; and program letter 2001-7 .

Alabama has just submitted its plan to consolidate three service areas into a statewide program .
alabama has just submitted its plan to [merge/combine] three service areas into a statewide program .

Reconsideration of the configuration of the LSC programs has led to decisions to consolidate the five organizations .
reconsideration of the configuration of the lsc programs has led to decisions to [merge/combine] the five organizations .

It is time to consolidate and simplify to achieve our clean air goals .
it is time to [merge/combine] and simplify to achieve our clean air goals .

The one attempt to consolidate such committee authority , the House Select Committee on Homeland Security , may be eliminated .
the one attempt to [merge/combine] such committee authority , the house select committee on homeland security , may be eliminated .

The Department of Homeland Security was established to consolidate all of the domestic agencies responsible for securing America 's borders and national infrastructure , most of which is in private hands .
the department of homeland security was established to [merge/combine] all of the domestic agencies responsible for securing america 's borders and national infrastructure , most of which is in private hands .

The cynical spin : Hun Sen is protecting them to consolidate the power he won through a coup .
the cynical spin : hun sen is protecting them to [merge/combine] the power he won through a coup .

Analysts consider Jiang a clumsy weakling compared with Deng , and are debating whether 1 ) he will continue Deng 's reforms or return to authoritarianism and 2 ) he can consolidate power or will be outmaneuvered by rivals .
analysts consider jiang a clumsy weakling compared with deng , and are debating whether 1 ) he will continue deng 's reforms or return to authoritarianism and 2 ) he can [merge/combine] power or will be outmaneuvered by rivals .

Any Palestinian agreement will probably require Barak to remove or consolidate West Bank settlements .
any palestinian agreement will probably require barak to remove or [merge/combine] west bank settlements .

The moves will consolidate the nation 's current roster of 21 commercial banks , 25 finance companies , and 12 merchant banks into six institutions by the end of next month , with the government forming the new alliances rather than allowing market forces to bring them about .
the moves will [merge/combine] the nation 's current roster of 21 commercial banks , 25 finance companies , and 12 merchant banks into six institutions by the end of next month , with the government forming the new alliances rather than allowing market forces to bring them about .

Rudy plans to consolidate his lead in the burbs by pushing school vouchers , while Hillary will tap into health-care frustrations and make the election a national contest .
rudy plans to [merge/combine] his lead in the burbs by pushing school vouchers , while hillary will tap into health-care frustrations and make the election a national contest .

The Financial Times reported that the European Union was about to challenge U.S. proposals on the administration of Internet addresses , because it feared they would `` consolidate permanent U.S. jurisdiction over the Internet . ''
the financial times reported that the european union was about to challenge u.s. proposals on the administration of internet addresses , because it feared they would `` [merge/combine] permanent u.s. jurisdiction over the internet . ''

Branches were soon opened in London and New York by Louis-François ' sons to serve Victorian magnates on both sides of the Atlantic , and eventually a Cartier grandson married the granddaughter of Worth , the world famous couturier , as if to consolidate the whole international luxury-goods network .
branches were soon opened in london and new york by louis-françois ' sons to serve victorian magnates on both sides of the atlantic , and eventually a cartier grandson married the granddaughter of worth , the world famous couturier , as if to [merge/combine] the whole international luxury-goods network .

No doubt , the mayors who took these funds did try to use them to consolidate their political bases .
no doubt , the mayors who took these funds did try to use them to [merge/combine] their political bases .

Given the recent transfer of power in Jordan , the upcoming Israeli elections , and his self-imposed May 4 deadline for declaring a Palestinian state , the link with Jordan could help Arafat consolidate ever-slippery support among his various constituencies , Israel , and the United States .
given the recent transfer of power in jordan , the upcoming israeli elections , and his self-imposed may 4 deadline for declaring a palestinian state , the link with jordan could help arafat [merge/combine] ever-slippery support among his various constituencies , israel , and the united states .

Primakov added that he had tried in vain to understand the logic of NATO 's actions , but they had served only to consolidate the Milosevic regime and eliminate all political opposition in Serbia .
primakov added that he had tried in vain to understand the logic of nato 's actions , but they had served only to [merge/combine] the milosevic regime and eliminate all political opposition in serbia .

The main arguments for expansion , from the U.S. point of view , are : 1 ) This is an opportunity to consolidate the Cold War victory by locking in the allegiance of newly democratic nations and ensuring their stability ; 2 ) This is an insurance policy against a potentially resurgent Russia ; and 3 ) This guarantees a continuing leadership role for the United States in Europe , even as Europe creates and strengthens its own institutions of unity .
the main arguments for expansion , from the u.s. point of view , are : 1 ) this is an opportunity to [merge/combine] the cold war victory by locking in the allegiance of newly democratic nations and ensuring their stability ; 2 ) this is an insurance policy against a potentially resurgent russia ; and 3 ) this guarantees a continuing leadership role for the united states in europe , even as europe creates and strengthens its own institutions of unity .

Then the piece goes on to say that NATO forces have helped Plavsic consolidate her control over her country 's police and broadcast media and that Thursday , while continuing to conduct that campaign , they got into a violent confrontation with Bosnian Serb demonstrators .
then the piece goes on to say that nato forces have helped plavsic [merge/combine] her control over her country 's police and broadcast media and that thursday , while continuing to conduct that campaign , they got into a violent confrontation with bosnian serb demonstrators .

