The Hughes company and the Consolidated Industries , Inc. , both of 3646 N. 2d St. , filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law .
the hughes company and the [merged/combined] industries , inc. , both of 3646 n. 2d st. , filed for reorganization under the federal bankruptcy law .

In this respect , public education in the large cities differs from education in the smaller cities and consolidated school districts .
in this respect , public education in the large cities differs from education in the smaller cities and [merged/combined] school districts .

He has traversed provinces and kingdoms , but he has not consolidated them behind him , nor does he control them .
he has traversed provinces and kingdoms , but he has not [merged/combined] them behind him , nor does he control them .

The parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1) , but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not , for example , elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries .
the parent of a group filing [merged/combined] returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1) , but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not , for example , elected to file [merged/combined] returns with its own subsidiaries .

The general intellectual outlook which had appeared in the eleventh century was now consolidated to a significant degree .
the general intellectual outlook which had appeared in the eleventh century was now [merged/combined] to a significant degree .

But if the Labour move to reverse the opt-out of the social chapter is successful , the Government could be forced into a position of unconstitutionally spending money from the consolidated fund without parliamentary approval .
but if the labour move to reverse the opt-out of the social chapter is successful , the government could be forced into a position of unconstitutionally spending money from the [merged/combined] fund without parliamentary approval .

Sixty years after Hitler 's Enabling Act of 23 March , 1933 , finally consigned German parliamentary democracy to the dustbin and consolidated the Nazis in power , Sibylle Kaufmann believes that the most important thing she gained from growing up under dictatorship was a heightened sense of spiritual awareness : ‘ Materialistically , everything looked so fine , on the outer side .
sixty years after hitler 's enabling act of 23 march , 1933 , finally consigned german parliamentary democracy to the dustbin and [merged/combined] the nazis in power , sibylle kaufmann believes that the most important thing she gained from growing up under dictatorship was a heightened sense of spiritual awareness : ‘ materialistically , everything looked so fine , on the outer side .

Amerada Hess , working in partnership with Premier Consolidated Oilfields , said yesterday it had recorded a flow of up to 12,340 barrels per day from the well which was drilled to 9,280ft .
amerada hess , working in partnership with premier [merged/combined] oilfields , said yesterday it had recorded a flow of up to 12,340 barrels per day from the well which was drilled to 9,280ft .

Whether any ‘ vehicle ’ companies — non-subsidiaries which house certain assets and liabilities — should be consolidated .
whether any ‘ vehicle ’ companies — non-subsidiaries which house certain assets and liabilities — should be [merged/combined] .

Discounting new distillate sales , about two-thirds of Invergordon 's overall output is exported , with one-third going to the home market , where sales grew by 6 per cent as the group consolidated and grew its leading position in own-label Scotch whisky for customers such as Tesco and Safeway .
discounting new distillate sales , about two-thirds of invergordon 's overall output is exported , with one-third going to the home market , where sales grew by 6 per cent as the group [merged/combined] and grew its leading position in own-label scotch whisky for customers such as tesco and safeway .

Treasury bills are negotiable , bearer government securities , and represent a charge on the Consolidated Fund .
treasury bills are negotiable , bearer government securities , and represent a charge on the [merged/combined] fund .

Here the employers consolidated an industrial relations system which ensured maximum control .
here the employers [merged/combined] an industrial relations system which ensured maximum control .

Existing prewar schemes were generally restored or consolidated .
existing prewar schemes were generally restored or [merged/combined] .

Patterns of registration shift as regulations change , or as previously ‘ marginalized ’ groups , such as married women , become consolidated into the labour force .
patterns of registration shift as regulations change , or as previously ‘ marginalized ’ groups , such as married women , become [merged/combined] into the labour force .

Knowsley Council is preparing a planning application for Prescot Comprehensive to be consolidated on one site .
knowsley council is preparing a planning application for prescot comprehensive to be [merged/combined] on one site .

‘ In north America , profit performance was less satisfactory , but the market share gains of earlier in the year were consolidated in most categories . ’
‘ in north america , profit performance was less satisfactory , but the market share gains of earlier in the year were [merged/combined] in most categories . ’

‘ In North America , profit performance was less satisfactory , but the market share gains of earlier in the year were consolidated in most categories .
‘ in north america , profit performance was less satisfactory , but the market share gains of earlier in the year were [merged/combined] in most categories .

All benefits information is then combined for consolidated analysis and reporting .
all benefits information is then combined for [merged/combined] analysis and reporting .

Hopkins , millionaire owner of Canadair , an offshoot of Consolidated Vultee Aircraft , was not afraid to tackle famous managers .
hopkins , millionaire owner of canadair , an offshoot of [merged/combined] vultee aircraft , was not afraid to tackle famous managers .

Extra copies of the £12.50 book , entitled The Consolidated Treaty on European Union , are now being printed .
extra copies of the £12.50 book , entitled the [merged/combined] treaty on european union , are now being printed .

It is unusual for the cost of extra fares to be given as a lump sum consolidated into salary , although there are a few firms in which this has been agreed .
it is unusual for the cost of extra fares to be given as a lump sum [merged/combined] into salary , although there are a few firms in which this has been agreed .

One publishing company which relocated out of central London to the suburbs negotiated a small consolidated payment , with its recognised union , the National Union of Journalists .
one publishing company which relocated out of central london to the suburbs negotiated a small [merged/combined] payment , with its recognised union , the national union of journalists .

Judges of the superior courts hold office until death or retirement ( see below , pp.200–1 ) — their salaries are charged directly upon Consolidated Fund and are therefore not subject to parliamentary vote .
judges of the superior courts hold office until death or retirement ( see below , pp.200–1 ) — their salaries are charged directly upon [merged/combined] fund and are therefore not subject to parliamentary vote .

Between the start of the financial year , on 1 April , and the passing of the Appropriation Act , interim spending on account is authorised by one or more Consolidated Fund Acts .
between the start of the financial year , on 1 april , and the passing of the appropriation act , interim spending on account is authorised by one or more [merged/combined] fund acts .

These developments were greatly facilitated and consolidated by the personal characteristics of a series of kings .
these developments were greatly facilitated and [merged/combined] by the personal characteristics of a series of kings .

Grading is a method of achieving a shorthand synthesis of every possible quality that one might wish to be included in a profile , consolidated into a symbol which examiners understand pragmatically with reference to a platonic point of reference existing in the minds of a group of examiners who have worked together , while a profile , however detailed , can never be more than an attempt to put down all those qualities . To which perhaps the only reply is St Augustine 's lament :
grading is a method of achieving a shorthand synthesis of every possible quality that one might wish to be included in a profile , [merged/combined] into a symbol which examiners understand pragmatically with reference to a platonic point of reference existing in the minds of a group of examiners who have worked together , while a profile , however detailed , can never be more than an attempt to put down all those qualities . to which perhaps the only reply is st augustine 's lament :

Consolidated revenues from continued operations , after elimination of inter-company transactions , were $ 11,020.0 million in 1989 compared with $ 10,926.4 million in 1988 .
[merged/combined] revenues from continued operations , after elimination of inter-company transactions , were $ 11,020.0 million in 1989 compared with $ 10,926.4 million in 1988 .

By choosing a relatively small company , we have at least avoided the complications of group or consolidated accounts !
by choosing a relatively small company , we have at least avoided the complications of group or [merged/combined] accounts !

Frisco rap'n'rollers Consolidated
frisco rap'n'rollers [merged/combined]

Over the past few years , total occupied floor space has declined by 9.2m as a result of facilities being closed or consolidated .
over the past few years , total occupied floor space has declined by 9.2m as a result of facilities being closed or [merged/combined] .

So in the past few hundred years Europe has been , as Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak has suggested , constituted and consolidated as ‘ sovereign subject , indeed sovereign and subject ’ .
so in the past few hundred years europe has been , as gayatri chakravorty spivak has suggested , constituted and [merged/combined] as ‘ sovereign subject , indeed sovereign and subject ’ .

consolidated itself as sovereign subject by defining its colonies as ‘ Others ’ , even as it constituted them , for purposes of administration and the expansion of markets , into programmed near-images of that very sovereign self .
[merged/combined] itself as sovereign subject by defining its colonies as ‘ others ’ , even as it constituted them , for purposes of administration and the expansion of markets , into programmed near-images of that very sovereign self .

As human control widens and is consolidated , the resultant shrinkage of the unknown will curtail divine prerogatives .
as human control widens and is [merged/combined] , the resultant shrinkage of the unknown will curtail divine prerogatives .

Another firm which has stopped offering cover recently is Consolidated Marine & General , who provided the policy sold by the Co-op Bank .
another firm which has stopped offering cover recently is [merged/combined] marine & general , who provided the policy sold by the co-op bank .

led wo late Tranmere strikes made it safe for the Merseysiders as they consolidated their second place in the Division One table .
led wo late tranmere strikes made it safe for the merseysiders as they [merged/combined] their second place in the division one table .

Racing Editor Henry Rix consolidated his lead at the top of the national tipsters ' table with 7-1 nap Cheeky Pot , and the same horse rewarded Top Shot followers with a 14 point profit .
racing editor henry rix [merged/combined] his lead at the top of the national tipsters ' table with 7-1 nap cheeky pot , and the same horse rewarded top shot followers with a 14 point profit .

Although each of its trading locations around the world maintains its own accounts records , these records can be consolidated in next to no time to obtain an accountant's-eye view of Sumitomo 's overall position , because physically they are all stored on a single computer .
although each of its trading locations around the world maintains its own accounts records , these records can be [merged/combined] in next to no time to obtain an accountant's-eye view of sumitomo 's overall position , because physically they are all stored on a single computer .

Because of the way Sumitomo is incorporated , the London and Hong Kong accounts are consolidated together first , before consolidated figures for all three locations are generated .
because of the way sumitomo is incorporated , the london and hong kong accounts are [merged/combined] together first , before [merged/combined] figures for all three locations are generated .

The auditors point out that ‘ the consolidated financial statements include £8.883m of net liabilities and a loss before taxation for the year of £13.069m relating to the subsidiaries subject to these proceedings .
the auditors point out that ‘ the [merged/combined] financial statements include £8.883m of net liabilities and a loss before taxation for the year of £13.069m relating to the subsidiaries subject to these proceedings .

We have not , therefore , been able to satisfy ourselves as to the amounts included in respect of these subsidiaries , or the effects , if any , that the proceedings may have upon the consolidated financial statements .
we have not , therefore , been able to satisfy ourselves as to the amounts included in respect of these subsidiaries , or the effects , if any , that the proceedings may have upon the [merged/combined] financial statements .

The largest single impact on the 1992 regulations arising out of the directive is the introduction of rules governing the preparation of consolidated accounts .
the largest single impact on the 1992 regulations arising out of the directive is the introduction of rules governing the preparation of [merged/combined] accounts .

rules for preparing consolidated accounts ;
rules for preparing [merged/combined] accounts ;

The main thrust of the standard is that if a parent controls an undertaking ( the standard includes the new definitions of parent and subsidiary undertaking introduced by the Act ) , it should be consolidated , and only in exceptional circumstances should an undertaking controlled by a parent be excluded .
the main thrust of the standard is that if a parent controls an undertaking ( the standard includes the new definitions of parent and subsidiary undertaking introduced by the act ) , it should be [merged/combined] , and only in exceptional circumstances should an undertaking controlled by a parent be excluded .

‘ Together , the Act and the standard will have the effect that more undertakings will tend to be consolidated , ’ said Ms Crichton .
‘ together , the act and the standard will have the effect that more undertakings will tend to be [merged/combined] , ’ said ms crichton .

Consolidated Life , also recommended by Chase de Vere ( 071–404 5766 ) , was offering 8.05% for £2,000 to £4,999 for a life of three , four or seven years .
[merged/combined] life , also recommended by chase de vere ( 071–404 5766 ) , was offering 8.05% for £2,000 to £4,999 for a life of three , four or seven years .

The goodwill arising on the acquisition of the subsidiary was written off directly to reserves in the year of acquisition in the parent 's consolidated financial statements .
the goodwill arising on the acquisition of the subsidiary was written off directly to reserves in the year of acquisition in the parent 's [merged/combined] financial statements .

Assuming the voting rights follow the share capital , the company is no longer a subsidiary and should not be consolidated .
assuming the voting rights follow the share capital , the company is no longer a subsidiary and should not be [merged/combined] .

Its functions and those of the police magistrate were consolidated in the office of police magistrate .
its functions and those of the police magistrate were [merged/combined] in the office of police magistrate .

The major problems you will have encountered in preparing the consolidated profit and loss account are likely to have been the calculation of the unrealised profit provisions and the minority interest .
the major problems you will have encountered in preparing the [merged/combined] profit and loss account are likely to have been the calculation of the unrealised profit provisions and the minority interest .

Tunstall recredits the £2.999m transfer of goodwill to extraordinary items to the retained profits at the foot of the consolidated p & l account .
tunstall recredits the £2.999m transfer of goodwill to extraordinary items to the retained profits at the foot of the [merged/combined] p & l account .

In consolidated financial statements a similar analysis is to be presented of the amounts of minority interest attributable to equity and non-equity shares issued by subsidiaries .
in [merged/combined] financial statements a similar analysis is to be presented of the amounts of minority interest attributable to equity and non-equity shares issued by subsidiaries .

In the case of consolidated financial statements the term includes capital instruments issued by subsidiaries except those which are held by another member of the group that is included in the consolidation .
in the case of [merged/combined] financial statements the term includes capital instruments issued by subsidiaries except those which are held by another member of the group that is included in the consolidation .

in the case of consolidated financial statements , minority interest .
in the case of [merged/combined] financial statements , minority interest .

Shares issued by subsidiaries other than those held by companies within the group should be accounted for in consolidated financial statements as liabilities if any member of the group has an obligation to transfer economic benefits in connection with the shares , for example under a guarantee of payments to be made in respect of the shares .
shares issued by subsidiaries other than those held by companies within the group should be accounted for in [merged/combined] financial statements as liabilities if any member of the group has an obligation to transfer economic benefits in connection with the shares , for example under a guarantee of payments to be made in respect of the shares .

Consolidated financial statements are prepared on the basis that the undertakings included in the consolidation form a single entity ( ‘ the group ' ) .
[merged/combined] financial statements are prepared on the basis that the undertakings included in the consolidation form a single entity ( ‘ the group ' ) .

Therefore , where a subsidiary has shares in issue it is necessary to look at the effect on the group as a whole in preparing the consolidated financial statements and by considering the rights attaching to the shares in conjunction with any agreements to which other group companies are a party .
therefore , where a subsidiary has shares in issue it is necessary to look at the effect on the group as a whole in preparing the [merged/combined] financial statements and by considering the rights attaching to the shares in conjunction with any agreements to which other group companies are a party .

Where it is determined that it is appropriate to report shares issued by subsidiaries in consolidated financial statements within minority interests rather than as a liability , it is necessary to determine whether they represent an equity or a non-equity interest .
where it is determined that it is appropriate to report shares issued by subsidiaries in [merged/combined] financial statements within minority interests rather than as a liability , it is necessary to determine whether they represent an equity or a non-equity interest .

In this particular situation , a letter of support would indicate a legal or commercial obligation , and so provision should be made against the debit minority interest recognised in the consolidated balance sheet .
in this particular situation , a letter of support would indicate a legal or commercial obligation , and so provision should be made against the debit minority interest recognised in the [merged/combined] balance sheet .

The stipulations included in that Act have , of course , now been consolidated in ss 392 to 394 of the Companies Act 1985 .
the stipulations included in that act have , of course , now been [merged/combined] in ss 392 to 394 of the companies act 1985 .

Take any consolidated balance sheet and you will most likely find cross references to notes for all items except cash and minority interests .
take any [merged/combined] balance sheet and you will most likely find cross references to notes for all items except cash and minority interests .

An exchange gain of £288,000 on the translation of Soundoff Inc 's financial statements using the net investment method was credited to the consolidated profit and loss account reserves .
an exchange gain of £288,000 on the translation of soundoff inc 's financial statements using the net investment method was credited to the [merged/combined] profit and loss account reserves .

The minority interest charge in the consolidated profit and loss account was £184,000 .
the minority interest charge in the [merged/combined] profit and loss account was £184,000 .

The consolidated balance sheet showed minority interests of £762,000 as at 30 November 1991 and £1,328,500 as at 30 November 1992 .
the [merged/combined] balance sheet showed minority interests of £762,000 as at 30 november 1991 and £1,328,500 as at 30 november 1992 .

Requirement : Explain the increase in the minority interests in the consolidated balance sheet .
requirement : explain the increase in the minority interests in the [merged/combined] balance sheet .

Another easy one — the minority interest charge in the consolidated profit and loss account is credited to the minority interests in the consolidated balance sheet .
another easy one — the minority interest charge in the [merged/combined] profit and loss account is credited to the minority interests in the [merged/combined] balance sheet .

In the consolidated p & l account , the gain is nil — the difference between the proceeds of £2.1m less the fair value of the assets of £1.8m plus the goodwill of £0.3m , previously written off to the merger reserve .
in the [merged/combined] p & l account , the gain is nil — the difference between the proceeds of £2.1m less the fair value of the assets of £1.8m plus the goodwill of £0.3m , previously written off to the merger reserve .

The merger reserve , which has been reinstated as a result of transferring the goodwill to the consolidated p & l account , may be transferred to the consolidated p & l account reserve .
the merger reserve , which has been reinstated as a result of transferring the goodwill to the [merged/combined] p & l account , may be transferred to the [merged/combined] p & l account reserve .

According to the consolidated p&l account , Prior made a loss before tax for the year of £5.182m ( v loss £1.118m ) after net interest payable of £2.361m ( v £2.341m ) .
according to the [merged/combined] p&l account , prior made a loss before tax for the year of £5.182m ( v loss £1.118m ) after net interest payable of £2.361m ( v £2.341m ) .

Legislation consolidated
legislation [merged/combined]

In the consolidated p & l account , the group 's 30 % share of the associated company 's profits should be included on an equity basis up to the date on which associated status is lost .
in the [merged/combined] p & l account , the group 's 30 % share of the associated company 's profits should be included on an equity basis up to the date on which associated status is lost .

In the consolidated balance sheet , the investment should be stated at the carrying amount under the equity method at that date , ie 30 % of net assets .
in the [merged/combined] balance sheet , the investment should be stated at the carrying amount under the equity method at that date , ie 30 % of net assets .

The gain or loss should be recognised in the consolidated financial statements .
the gain or loss should be recognised in the [merged/combined] financial statements .

In its interim report for the first half of 1992 , the insurance group has changed its accounting policy to reflect the total investment return — including realised and unrealised gains arising on its shareholder and general insurance funds — in its consolidated p & l account .
in its interim report for the first half of 1992 , the insurance group has changed its accounting policy to reflect the total investment return — including realised and unrealised gains arising on its shareholder and general insurance funds — in its [merged/combined] p & l account .

These definitions were consolidated further through public policies put into operation during and after the Second World War .
these definitions were [merged/combined] further through public policies put into operation during and after the second world war .

At the end of June 1992 , the group 's consolidated debt was already 10.7 trillion lire .
at the end of june 1992 , the group 's [merged/combined] debt was already 10.7 trillion lire .

Fujitsu Ltd has reported a consolidated net loss for the year to March 31 equivalent to $ 295.0m against a profit last time of $ 110.5m , on turnover that rose 0.6 % to $ 31,312m .
fujitsu ltd has reported a [merged/combined] net loss for the year to march 31 equivalent to $ 295.0m against a profit last time of $ 110.5m , on turnover that rose 0.6 % to $ 31,312m .

Hitachi Ltd has reported consolidated net profits for the year to March 31 down 39.4 % at the equivalent of $ 699.4m on turnover that fell 2.3 % to $ 68,235m .
hitachi ltd has reported [merged/combined] net profits for the year to march 31 down 39.4 % at the equivalent of $ 699.4m on turnover that fell 2.3 % to $ 68,235m .

Sharp Corp has reported consolidated net profit for the year to March 31 down 24.2 % at the equivalent of $ 268m on turnover that fell 2.6 % at $ 13,393m .
sharp corp has reported [merged/combined] net profit for the year to march 31 down 24.2 % at the equivalent of $ 268m on turnover that fell 2.6 % at $ 13,393m .

Toshiba Corp has reported consolidated net profits for the year to March 31 down 48.0 % at the equivalent of $ 186.0m on turnover that fell 1.9 % to $ 41,900m .
toshiba corp has reported [merged/combined] net profits for the year to march 31 down 48.0 % at the equivalent of $ 186.0m on turnover that fell 1.9 % to $ 41,900m .

Record Centre Maidstone consolidated their table-topping position in Area 6 with a tense and hard-fought 2–1 victory over second placed Bourne Club , Farnham .
record centre maidstone [merged/combined] their table-topping position in area 6 with a tense and hard-fought 2–1 victory over second placed bourne club , farnham .

The evening turned out to be a spectacular climax to a year of consolidated growth for Embassy tennis , a tribute to its commitment to the game over a three year period .
the evening turned out to be a spectacular climax to a year of [merged/combined] growth for embassy tennis , a tribute to its commitment to the game over a three year period .

Highlights elsewhere include Bad Brains ( with new singer ) opening up for dc Basehead and Consolidated at the Marquee , plus a menagerie of talents such as Spectrum , The Lunachicks , Pooh Sticks , Ween , Seaweed and The Belltower doing their various weird things around town .
highlights elsewhere include bad brains ( with new singer ) opening up for dc basehead and [merged/combined] at the marquee , plus a menagerie of talents such as spectrum , the lunachicks , pooh sticks , ween , seaweed and the belltower doing their various weird things around town .

Even Adam Sherbourne from Consolidated — the most intelligent person on the panel — does n't understand that one , so he leaves to catch a plane .
even adam sherbourne from [merged/combined] — the most intelligent person on the panel — does n't understand that one , so he leaves to catch a plane .

As announced in the company 's report , the net consolidated profits for the year to 30 September 1992 amount to $ 1,475,927 .
as announced in the company 's report , the net [merged/combined] profits for the year to 30 september 1992 amount to $ 1,475,927 .

The concentration of black workers within manual occupations is being consolidated rather than eroded ( Newnham , 1986 ) .
the concentration of black workers within manual occupations is being [merged/combined] rather than eroded ( newnham , 1986 ) .

Had the attack been properly organized and coordinated , these vital heights might have been taken with little loss and the successes consolidated .
had the attack been properly organized and coordinated , these vital heights might have been taken with little loss and the successes [merged/combined] .

4.3.4 The Lead Organization undertakes to submit the claims for the agreed payment periods of the Non-academic Parties in consolidated form to the Secretary of State within a reasonable period of their receipt .
4.3.4 the lead organization undertakes to submit the claims for the agreed payment periods of the non-academic parties in [merged/combined] form to the secretary of state within a reasonable period of their receipt .

If a claim is not provided by the agreed date , the Prime contractor may notify the Non-academic Parties responsible for that claim that it intends to submit a consolidated claim without including such missing claim and may thereafter proceed with such submission accordingly .
if a claim is not provided by the agreed date , the prime contractor may notify the non-academic parties responsible for that claim that it intends to submit a [merged/combined] claim without including such missing claim and may thereafter proceed with such submission accordingly .

Overall , gains of the war and the immediate postwar period were not consolidated .
overall , gains of the war and the immediate postwar period were not [merged/combined] .

Administrative reforms brought about by the 1834 Poor Law Amendment Act merely consolidated the already established authority in West Ham .
administrative reforms brought about by the 1834 poor law amendment act merely [merged/combined] the already established authority in west ham .

But with the defeat of chartism and a period of stabilisation during which skilled labour consolidated its privileged economic position , the ideology of skilled workers unified increasingly around a discourse of possessive individualism , self help and respectability inscribed within extant relations of production .
but with the defeat of chartism and a period of stabilisation during which skilled labour [merged/combined] its privileged economic position , the ideology of skilled workers unified increasingly around a discourse of possessive individualism , self help and respectability inscribed within extant relations of production .

These alliances consolidated the identification of Labour with the working-class electorate .
these alliances [merged/combined] the identification of labour with the working-class electorate .

The Consolidated Regulations of the Inns of Court , together with the particulars of the scholarships and prizes available , can be had by applying to the Sub-Treasurer at the Inner Temple or to the Under-Treasurer at the other three Inns .
the [merged/combined] regulations of the inns of court , together with the particulars of the scholarships and prizes available , can be had by applying to the sub-treasurer at the inner temple or to the under-treasurer at the other three inns .

Their popularity is due to the lower cost of ‘ consolidated ’ shipments , in which freight forwarders place the cargo of several shippers in the same container or on pre-leased space in a vessel .
their popularity is due to the lower cost of ‘ [merged/combined] ’ shipments , in which freight forwarders place the cargo of several shippers in the same container or on pre-leased space in a vessel .

When the freight forwarder joins the cargo of one or more shippers to form a unit of shipment to be transported by one or more airlines , the cargo is said to be ‘ consolidated .
when the freight forwarder joins the cargo of one or more shippers to form a unit of shipment to be transported by one or more airlines , the cargo is said to be ‘ [merged/combined] .

Charges on the Consolidated Fund ( such as interest on the National Debt , the Civil List and certain salaries ) do not require annual authorization and were not included .
charges on the [merged/combined] fund ( such as interest on the national debt , the civil list and certain salaries ) do not require annual authorization and were not included .

The growth of interventionism during the 1960s and 1970s was consolidated by a procedural change introduced in 1977 when the Supreme Court Rule Committee created a specific new remedy of judicial review .
the growth of interventionism during the 1960s and 1970s was [merged/combined] by a procedural change introduced in 1977 when the supreme court rule committee created a specific new remedy of judicial review .

This has certainly been the record industry strategy : in the last ten years the major companies have consolidated their control of the manufacture and distribution of records , tapes and videos while leaving more and more of the musical enterprise to the ‘ independents ’ .
this has certainly been the record industry strategy : in the last ten years the major companies have [merged/combined] their control of the manufacture and distribution of records , tapes and videos while leaving more and more of the musical enterprise to the ‘ independents ’ .

In this context there is always room for some sharp operator to move up the industry hierarchy of market share , although this is probably becoming more difficult as large groups become consolidated and the industry generally matures .
in this context there is always room for some sharp operator to move up the industry hierarchy of market share , although this is probably becoming more difficult as large groups become [merged/combined] and the industry generally matures .

Ho moved steadily nearer the plains as his guerrillas consolidated their hold .
ho moved steadily nearer the plains as his guerrillas [merged/combined] their hold .

He did not actually arrive until early in 1946 ; meanwhile , Leclerc consolidated his hold over the south and Gracey 's role was phased out .
he did not actually arrive until early in 1946 ; meanwhile , leclerc [merged/combined] his hold over the south and gracey 's role was phased out .

Recall from section 1.5.3 that the regulationist school sees the international economy as having one national economy in a hegemonic position ; a period of structural change can thus be one in which that hegemony is consolidated or challenged and undermined .
recall from section 1.5.3 that the regulationist school sees the international economy as having one national economy in a hegemonic position ; a period of structural change can thus be one in which that hegemony is [merged/combined] or challenged and undermined .

Statutory authority for the supply of funds to meet expenditure is provided by means of annual Consolidated Funds Acts and by an annual Appropriation Act .
statutory authority for the supply of funds to meet expenditure is provided by means of annual [merged/combined] funds acts and by an annual appropriation act .

Any money not required to meet chargeable expenditure in that year can not be carried forward to the next financial year ; it must be surrendered to the Consolidated Fund .
any money not required to meet chargeable expenditure in that year can not be carried forward to the next financial year ; it must be surrendered to the [merged/combined] fund .

Because the new financial year is starting when the estimates are first submitted to the House , and final approval is ( then ) some months off , statutory authority for issues out of the Consolidated Fund to meet expenditure during this period is provided by a system of lump-sum votes on account .
because the new financial year is starting when the estimates are first submitted to the house , and final approval is ( then ) some months off , statutory authority for issues out of the [merged/combined] fund to meet expenditure during this period is provided by a system of lump-sum votes on account .

Authority for the issue of an amount equal to the total of the votes on account , pending passage of the Appropriation Act , is given in the Consolidated Fund Act passed during the winter , usually December .
authority for the issue of an amount equal to the total of the votes on account , pending passage of the appropriation act , is given in the [merged/combined] fund act passed during the winter , usually december .

The Appropriation Act , normally in July , authorizes the issue out of the Consolidated Fund of monies sought in the main estimates and summer supplementaries .
the appropriation act , normally in july , authorizes the issue out of the [merged/combined] fund of monies sought in the main estimates and summer supplementaries .

It also appropriates this amount to individual votes , and performs the sane function for the lump sums authorized by the preceding winter and spring Consolidated Fund Acts in respect of the previous year , and for excess votes in respect of the year before that .
it also appropriates this amount to individual votes , and performs the sane function for the lump sums authorized by the preceding winter and spring [merged/combined] fund acts in respect of the previous year , and for excess votes in respect of the year before that .

The winter Consolidated Fund Act authorizes the issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the total sun required by the winter supplementaries for the current year and for the vote on account for the following year .
the winter [merged/combined] fund act authorizes the issue out of the [merged/combined] fund of the total sun required by the winter supplementaries for the current year and for the vote on account for the following year .

Finally , the spring Consolidated Fund Act authorizes the issue of the amount required in the spring supplementaries for the current year and also the total sun required to meet any excess votes in the prior year .
finally , the spring [merged/combined] fund act authorizes the issue of the amount required in the spring supplementaries for the current year and also the total sun required to meet any excess votes in the prior year .

Later , the vogue for the now growing town was consolidated and much expanded by Dr Alexander Taylor , who recuperated there from the typhus he had caught serving with the sottish , mutinous and incompetent ‘ Spanish Legion ’ sent from England to help the Queen of Spain in her war against the Car lists of Navarre .
later , the vogue for the now growing town was [merged/combined] and much expanded by dr alexander taylor , who recuperated there from the typhus he had caught serving with the sottish , mutinous and incompetent ‘ spanish legion ’ sent from england to help the queen of spain in her war against the car lists of navarre .

In particular , the relevance of certain extracts from Hansard to the construction of the provisions of the Finance Acts at issue in the consolidated appeals .
in particular , the relevance of certain extracts from hansard to the construction of the provisions of the finance acts at issue in the [merged/combined] appeals .

In the investing group 's consolidated profit and loss account , include the investing group 's aggregate share of profits less losses of associated companies .
in the investing group 's [merged/combined] profit and loss account , include the investing group 's aggregate share of profits less losses of associated companies .

Consolidated profit and loss account for the year ended 31st March 1991
[merged/combined] profit and loss account for the year ended 31st march 1991

Show minority interests , on the face of the consolidated balance sheet as a separate heading , either after accruals and deferred income or after capital and reserves .
show minority interests , on the face of the [merged/combined] balance sheet as a separate heading , either after accruals and deferred income or after capital and reserves .

Although the consolidated balance sheet must be approved by the board no signature is needed .
although the [merged/combined] balance sheet must be approved by the board no signature is needed .

Consolidated balance sheet at 31st March 1991
[merged/combined] balance sheet at 31st march 1991

Consolidated statement of source and application of funds for the year ended 31st March 1991
[merged/combined] statement of source and application of funds for the year ended 31st march 1991

Include in the consolidated balance sheet the investing group 's interests in associated companies .
include in the [merged/combined] balance sheet the investing group 's interests in associated companies .

The group 's share of the results of associated undertakings is included in the consolidated profit and loss account using the equity method of accounting .
the group 's share of the results of associated undertakings is included in the [merged/combined] profit and loss account using the equity method of accounting .

The investment in associated undertakings included in the consolidated balance sheet is based on the group 's share of the net assets of associated undertakings , together with any premium or discount arising on acquisition , less amounts written off .
the investment in associated undertakings included in the [merged/combined] balance sheet is based on the group 's share of the net assets of associated undertakings , together with any premium or discount arising on acquisition , less amounts written off .

In the consolidated balance sheet , the investing group 's interests in associated companies should be shown as the total of :
in the [merged/combined] balance sheet , the investing group 's interests in associated companies should be shown as the total of :

The following were subsidiary and associated undertakings at the end of the year and have all been included in the consolidated accounts .
the following were subsidiary and associated undertakings at the end of the year and have all been included in the [merged/combined] accounts .

where the merger method of accounting has been adopted , explain any significant adjustments made to the amounts of assets and liabilities of the undertaking acquired , together with a statement of any resulting adjustment to the consolidated reserves ( including the restatement of opening consolidated reserves ) .
where the merger method of accounting has been adopted , explain any significant adjustments made to the amounts of assets and liabilities of the undertaking acquired , together with a statement of any resulting adjustment to the [merged/combined] reserves ( including the restatement of opening [merged/combined] reserves ) .

It was precisely at the same time as these processes , policies and institutions were being consolidated that the embryonic imperial regime found territorial expression for its increasing power in the colonial administration and economic exploitation of Siberia .
it was precisely at the same time as these processes , policies and institutions were being [merged/combined] that the embryonic imperial regime found territorial expression for its increasing power in the colonial administration and economic exploitation of siberia .

Once this base had been consolidated , forays would be made deeper into the wilderness , this time , perhaps , with a cossack military unit establishing a blockhouse ( zimove ) to contain the furs collected from the next tribe to be located .
once this base had been [merged/combined] , forays would be made deeper into the wilderness , this time , perhaps , with a cossack military unit establishing a blockhouse ( zimove ) to contain the furs collected from the next tribe to be located .

Consolidated farmsteads would overcome the inefficiencies of strip-farming .
[merged/combined] farmsteads would overcome the inefficiencies of strip-farming .

Meanwhile , the military power of the State remained sufficient to maintain order while the beneficial medicine of socioeconomic development consolidated the bases for a western-style pluralist democracy .
meanwhile , the military power of the state remained sufficient to maintain order while the beneficial medicine of socioeconomic development [merged/combined] the bases for a western-style pluralist democracy .

As a proportion of all peasant land , the area in which scattered strips were consolidated into coherent holdings failed to reach 10 per cent .
as a proportion of all peasant land , the area in which scattered strips were [merged/combined] into coherent holdings failed to reach 10 per cent .

Whereas in the immediate aftermath of the Manifesto , the landed nobility and conservative interests generally had been disorientated and ill-organized during 1906 their influence over the government was rapidly consolidated .
whereas in the immediate aftermath of the manifesto , the landed nobility and conservative interests generally had been disorientated and ill-organized during 1906 their influence over the government was rapidly [merged/combined] .

The fruits of the father 's labours , his dealings and retrieved deposits , had been consolidated .
the fruits of the father 's labours , his dealings and retrieved deposits , had been [merged/combined] .

The Children Act consolidated the existing child care legislation , and created departments in which professional social work practice would develop in child care , and in due course in work with families .
the children act [merged/combined] the existing child care legislation , and created departments in which professional social work practice would develop in child care , and in due course in work with families .

For example , the 1959 Mental Health Act consolidated prior policy of informality of treatment and community care for the mentally disordered , following the report of the Royal Commission on Mental Illness and Mental Deficiency in 1957 .
for example , the 1959 mental health act [merged/combined] prior policy of informality of treatment and community care for the mentally disordered , following the report of the royal commission on mental illness and mental deficiency in 1957 .

He consolidated his position by holding soirées , first on the sixth floor of Carrington House in Piccadilly , and after the war at 31 Egerton Crescent .
he [merged/combined] his position by holding soirées , first on the sixth floor of carrington house in piccadilly , and after the war at 31 egerton crescent .

The legislation has been consolidated and the law can now be found in the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 .
the legislation has been [merged/combined] and the law can now be found in the tribunals and inquiries act 1971 .

An attempt was made in the Legal Advice and Assistance Act 1972 ( now consolidated in the Legal Aid Act 1988 ) to extend the scope of legal aid beyond the confines of civil and criminal litigation .
an attempt was made in the legal advice and assistance act 1972 ( now [merged/combined] in the legal aid act 1988 ) to extend the scope of legal aid beyond the confines of civil and criminal litigation .

Confusion pressed on her , mingled with humiliation , consolidated into anger .
confusion pressed on her , mingled with humiliation , [merged/combined] into anger .

And yet , for all its size , this remained an unusual sort of an empire , not consolidated , in the customary imperial manner , in some glossy West End towerblock but scattered around Notting Hill in a random assortment of properties , in varying states of ramshackle informality .
and yet , for all its size , this remained an unusual sort of an empire , not [merged/combined] , in the customary imperial manner , in some glossy west end towerblock but scattered around notting hill in a random assortment of properties , in varying states of ramshackle informality .

The actions were consolidated , the plaintiff 's action standing as the claim , the defendants ' claim for the commission being the counterclaim .
the actions were [merged/combined] , the plaintiff 's action standing as the claim , the defendants ' claim for the commission being the counterclaim .

They would go to the Consolidated Fund . ``
they would go to the [merged/combined] fund . ``

Now , at Horta de San Juan , in the summer of 1909 , Picasso consolidated the achievements of the past years to produce the most important single group of paintings of his early Cubist period .
now , at horta de san juan , in the summer of 1909 , picasso [merged/combined] the achievements of the past years to produce the most important single group of paintings of his early cubist period .

So far as the sales of goods are concerned , the current law is consolidated in the Sale of Goods Act , 1979 .
so far as the sales of goods are concerned , the current law is [merged/combined] in the sale of goods act , 1979 .

Usually wind-blown , they fill pockets among coarser rubble , or on a larger scale cover many hectares of flat ground to depths of half a metre or more , firm and sometimes consolidated .
usually wind-blown , they fill pockets among coarser rubble , or on a larger scale cover many hectares of flat ground to depths of half a metre or more , firm and sometimes [merged/combined] .

All other central government revenue is paid into the Consolidated Fund — a ‘ common bucket ’ from which remaining expenditure is financed .
all other central government revenue is paid into the [merged/combined] fund — a ‘ common bucket ’ from which remaining expenditure is financed .

Where a consumer has multiple relationships with a credit grantor ( eg a mortgage , personal loan , cheque account and/or investment account ) this risk can become significantly more accurately assessed if the status of different accounts can be consolidated on a single data record at consumer or address level and the customer evaluated from the entirety of his relationships .
where a consumer has multiple relationships with a credit grantor ( eg a mortgage , personal loan , cheque account and/or investment account ) this risk can become significantly more accurately assessed if the status of different accounts can be [merged/combined] on a single data record at consumer or address level and the customer evaluated from the entirety of his relationships .

The skiing tips were useful but not consolidated by long enough demonstrations and suffered from some strange hand mannerisms of the teacher .
the skiing tips were useful but not [merged/combined] by long enough demonstrations and suffered from some strange hand mannerisms of the teacher .

On Williams Holdings the Panel said : ‘ The Panel 's attention was drawn to Note 1 to the Accounts which indicates that exceptional items are reported net of tax and that earnings per share are shown before exceptional items on the consolidated profit and loss account .
on williams holdings the panel said : ‘ the panel 's attention was drawn to note 1 to the accounts which indicates that exceptional items are reported net of tax and that earnings per share are shown before exceptional items on the [merged/combined] profit and loss account .

The analysis was completed by a tabulation of results which consolidated the risk scores and financial strength ratings .
the analysis was completed by a tabulation of results which [merged/combined] the risk scores and financial strength ratings .

Nevertheless , Mercian overlordship of the eastern Saxons was consolidated .
nevertheless , mercian overlordship of the eastern saxons was [merged/combined] .

The medico-moral strategy was consolidated in the period after the initial reforms of the 1830s and 1840s .
the medico-moral strategy was [merged/combined] in the period after the initial reforms of the 1830s and 1840s .

The importance of reading and writing skills in English is clearly increasing for all four companies whereby the position of English as the ‘ Latin ’ of European business for written communications is becoming more and more consolidated .
the importance of reading and writing skills in english is clearly increasing for all four companies whereby the position of english as the ‘ latin ’ of european business for written communications is becoming more and more [merged/combined] .

The 1932 Act repealed and consolidated almost all general and local enactments relating to planning .
the 1932 act repealed and [merged/combined] almost all general and local enactments relating to planning .

We have seen that during a period of twenty years between the wars , town planning in Britain consolidated its position in local authority practice , consultant advocacy and professional solidarity , though little was achieved by way of addition to intellectual content or method .
we have seen that during a period of twenty years between the wars , town planning in britain [merged/combined] its position in local authority practice , consultant advocacy and professional solidarity , though little was achieved by way of addition to intellectual content or method .

His administrations ( 1945–50 ; 1950–1 ) completed and consolidated the work of the coalition government in establishing a managed economy and expanding the welfare state .
his administrations ( 1945–50 ; 1950–1 ) completed and [merged/combined] the work of the coalition government in establishing a managed economy and expanding the welfare state .

By the middle 1960s the new urban map of Britain was being consolidated .
by the middle 1960s the new urban map of britain was being [merged/combined] .

Knowledge of distant lands was consolidated and an ever-widening stream of newly discovered species was brought to the notice of European scientists .
knowledge of distant lands was [merged/combined] and an ever-widening stream of newly discovered species was brought to the notice of european scientists .

From 1150 to 1154 Arnulf was an active member of the entourage of the young duke of Normandy , travelling with him as he consolidated his hold over Normandy and pressed his claim to the English throne .
from 1150 to 1154 arnulf was an active member of the entourage of the young duke of normandy , travelling with him as he [merged/combined] his hold over normandy and pressed his claim to the english throne .

As the new government consolidated itself , Garway returned to his more customary role as the watchdog of the nation 's purse : in 1689–90 he was active in pursuing miscarriages in the supplying of the troops in Ireland .
as the new government [merged/combined] itself , garway returned to his more customary role as the watchdog of the nation 's purse : in 1689–90 he was active in pursuing miscarriages in the supplying of the troops in ireland .

As the territories of the different branches of the house of Brunswick-Lüneburg were consolidated .
as the territories of the different branches of the house of brunswick-lüneburg were [merged/combined] .

Under Raja Charles the state created by James Brooke was consolidated and effective rule established in the interior .
under raja charles the state created by james brooke was [merged/combined] and effective rule established in the interior .

Finally , in 1544 Stumpe consolidated his interest in the property by paying over £1,500 for a royal grant to himself and his heirs of the whole site of the abbey .
finally , in 1544 stumpe [merged/combined] his interest in the property by paying over £1,500 for a royal grant to himself and his heirs of the whole site of the abbey .

During his Oxford years , Isaac Abendana became known as a resident authority on all matters Jewish and the chief purveyor of Hebrew books , a situation he consolidated by inventing the Oxford diary , which in his original form included not only information relevant to university men but also a yearly essay on some aspect of Jewish religion and culture .
during his oxford years , isaac abendana became known as a resident authority on all matters jewish and the chief purveyor of hebrew books , a situation he [merged/combined] by inventing the oxford diary , which in his original form included not only information relevant to university men but also a yearly essay on some aspect of jewish religion and culture .

‘ The Stonebreaker ’ , exhibited in 1858 , consolidated Wallis 's reputation as a true Pre-Raphaelite .
‘ the stonebreaker ’ , exhibited in 1858 , [merged/combined] wallis 's reputation as a true pre-raphaelite .

saw as ‘ a scandalous perversion of the law ’ led to an outcry that coincided with the dramatic emergence of the short-lived Grand National Consolidated Trades Union founded by Robert Owen [ q.v . ]
saw as ‘ a scandalous perversion of the law ’ led to an outcry that coincided with the dramatic emergence of the short-lived grand national [merged/combined] trades union founded by robert owen [ q.v . ]

Although not a profound scholar like some of his immediate predecessors as clerk of the parliaments , Browne consolidated their work during his long term of office by bringing order and regularity to the procedure of the House of Lords .
although not a profound scholar like some of his immediate predecessors as clerk of the parliaments , browne [merged/combined] their work during his long term of office by bringing order and regularity to the procedure of the house of lords .

Section 226 imposes on the directors of every company the duty to prepare for each financial year of the company a balance sheet and a profit and loss account ( its ‘ individual accounts ’ ) and section 227 imposes a like duty on directors of a company which is a parent company additionally to prepare a consolidated balance sheet and profit and loss account ( ‘ group accounts ’ ) The basic and over-riding principle is that the balance sheets must give a true and fair view , in the case of individual accounts ‘ of the state of affairs of the company at the end of the financial year ’ and in the case of group accounts ‘ of the state of affairs as at the end of the financial year of the undertakings included in the consolidation as a whole , so far as it concerns the members of the company .
section 226 imposes on the directors of every company the duty to prepare for each financial year of the company a balance sheet and a profit and loss account ( its ‘ individual accounts ’ ) and section 227 imposes a like duty on directors of a company which is a parent company additionally to prepare a [merged/combined] balance sheet and profit and loss account ( ‘ group accounts ’ ) the basic and over-riding principle is that the balance sheets must give a true and fair view , in the case of individual accounts ‘ of the state of affairs of the company at the end of the financial year ’ and in the case of group accounts ‘ of the state of affairs as at the end of the financial year of the undertakings included in the consolidation as a whole , so far as it concerns the members of the company .

Although normally every parent company must prepare consolidated group accounts which must include all its subsidiary undertakings , there are narrowly defined exceptions .
although normally every parent company must prepare [merged/combined] group accounts which must include all its subsidiary undertakings , there are narrowly defined exceptions .

Moreover strict conditions are laid down to ensure that the company is included in consolidated accounts drawn up and audited in accordance with the Seventh Directive and made available to the British public .
moreover strict conditions are laid down to ensure that the company is included in [merged/combined] accounts drawn up and audited in accordance with the seventh directive and made available to the british public .

Under section 230 certain derogations from the provisions of Schedule 4 apply to the individual accounts of a parent which is required to prepare consolidated accounts ( and has done so ) thereby rendering those provisions otiose .
under section 230 certain derogations from the provisions of schedule 4 apply to the individual accounts of a parent which is required to prepare [merged/combined] accounts ( and has done so ) thereby rendering those provisions otiose .

Few if any , local authorities produce a consolidated revenue account .
few if any , local authorities produce a [merged/combined] revenue account .

This seems inconsistent with the practice of producing a consolidated balance sheet .
this seems inconsistent with the practice of producing a [merged/combined] balance sheet .

On the other hand , a consolidated source and application of funds statement is produced .
on the other hand , a [merged/combined] source and application of funds statement is produced .

The practical effects of adopting fund accounting depend upon the extent to which different funds are utilized and the form and extent to which the individual fund accounts are consolidated in the final accounts .
the practical effects of adopting fund accounting depend upon the extent to which different funds are utilized and the form and extent to which the individual fund accounts are [merged/combined] in the final accounts .

If ten funds are used but they are all consolidated into one operating statement and one balance sheet , then the results might well be the same as the accounts for a business .
if ten funds are used but they are all [merged/combined] into one operating statement and one balance sheet , then the results might well be the same as the accounts for a business .

On the other hand , if there is a profusion of funds which are not consolidated , then the fund accounts will be very different from the accounts of a business .
on the other hand , if there is a profusion of funds which are not [merged/combined] , then the fund accounts will be very different from the accounts of a business .

In order to provide some sort of overall picture this authority , in common with most others , produces a consolidated balance sheet .
in order to provide some sort of overall picture this authority , in common with most others , produces a [merged/combined] balance sheet .

This is the consolidated balance sheet for our authority :
this is the [merged/combined] balance sheet for our authority :

Some authorities operate superannuation funds on behalf of their past and present employees and these fund accounts are often not consolidated for the same reason .
some authorities operate superannuation funds on behalf of their past and present employees and these fund accounts are often not [merged/combined] for the same reason .

However , producing a consolidated balance sheet without the fund balance sheets is hardly a satisfactory solution .
however , producing a [merged/combined] balance sheet without the fund balance sheets is hardly a satisfactory solution .

If eight were consolidated and the individual ones were not published , then the loss of information would be that much greater .
if eight were [merged/combined] and the individual ones were not published , then the loss of information would be that much greater .

Not only that but it is difficult to see how useful a consolidated balance sheet really is when funds are not fungible .
not only that but it is difficult to see how useful a [merged/combined] balance sheet really is when funds are not fungible .

In fact , the consolidated balance sheet is published for little more than completeness : it gives the net debit balances and net credit balances for the organization to be carried forward to the new financial year .
in fact , the [merged/combined] balance sheet is published for little more than completeness : it gives the net debit balances and net credit balances for the organization to be carried forward to the new financial year .

This helps to explain why they do not publish consolidated opening statements : ‘ cost of the services of the organization ’ adds nothing to the fund operating statements ; the measure of performance has no meaning ; and , of course , there are no balances included to be carried forward to the new year which are not included in the balance sheet .
this helps to explain why they do not publish [merged/combined] opening statements : ‘ cost of the services of the organization ’ adds nothing to the fund operating statements ; the measure of performance has no meaning ; and , of course , there are no balances included to be carried forward to the new year which are not included in the balance sheet .

Each are accounted for in the same way : budgeted expenditure is compared with actual spending , budgeted income with actual income , and any net under- or over-spending on the vote as a whole is paid over to , or collected from , the Consolidated Fund .
each are accounted for in the same way : budgeted expenditure is compared with actual spending , budgeted income with actual income , and any net under- or over-spending on the vote as a whole is paid over to , or collected from , the [merged/combined] fund .

More recently , Sidebotham ( 1966 and 1970 ) concluded many years of his own research by proposing , among other things , a Consolidated Capital Fund that would include all capital assets of an authority and would charge fund revenue accounts for the use of those assets .
more recently , sidebotham ( 1966 and 1970 ) concluded many years of his own research by proposing , among other things , a [merged/combined] capital fund that would include all capital assets of an authority and would charge fund revenue accounts for the use of those assets .

The Consolidated Capital Fund would sever the link between finance and accounting .
the [merged/combined] capital fund would sever the link between finance and accounting .

a consolidated balance sheet ;
a [merged/combined] balance sheet ;

a balance sheet for all funds not included in consolidated balance sheet ;
a balance sheet for all funds not included in [merged/combined] balance sheet ;

In the analysis of shorelines and chronological stages many studies first followed Baulig ( 1935 ) and other workers , including Deperet working on Mediterranean shorelines , and then were influenced by the masterly synthesis achieved by Fairbridge 1961 and by Zeuner 's ( 1959 ) consolidated view of sea level change in the Quaternary .
in the analysis of shorelines and chronological stages many studies first followed baulig ( 1935 ) and other workers , including deperet working on mediterranean shorelines , and then were influenced by the masterly synthesis achieved by fairbridge 1961 and by zeuner 's ( 1959 ) [merged/combined] view of sea level change in the quaternary .

This book had a substantial influence in physical geography and perhaps initiated a more consolidated attitude to the significance of human activity in physical geography .
this book had a substantial influence in physical geography and perhaps initiated a more [merged/combined] attitude to the significance of human activity in physical geography .

This is probably formed of consolidated , calcareous sandstone , known as beach rock .
this is probably formed of [merged/combined] , calcareous sandstone , known as beach rock .

Some , but not all , of its recommendations were implemented in the Legal Aid Act 1988 ( which also consolidated legal aid legislation ) .
some , but not all , of its recommendations were implemented in the legal aid act 1988 ( which also [merged/combined] legal aid legislation ) .

There is extensive charity legislation , the Charities Act 1960 and other scattered statutes and the Charities Act 1992 ( hopefully soon to be consolidated ) .
there is extensive charity legislation , the charities act 1960 and other scattered statutes and the charities act 1992 ( hopefully soon to be [merged/combined] ) .

The consolidated accounts include the accounts of the Company and all its subsidiary undertakings for the year ended 31 December 1992 .
the [merged/combined] accounts include the accounts of the company and all its subsidiary undertakings for the year ended 31 december 1992 .

All these undertakings are companies , and hereafter are identified as such , except for a 50 per cent interest in a general partnership [ Unimar Company ] which is consolidated on a proportionate basis .
all these undertakings are companies , and hereafter are identified as such , except for a 50 per cent interest in a general partnership [ unimar company ] which is [merged/combined] on a proportionate basis .

The company , jointly owned by Zambian Consolidated Copper Mines and the Swedish Celsius group , is negotiating for construction of four similar plants elsewhere in England .
the company , jointly owned by zambian [merged/combined] copper mines and the swedish celsius group , is negotiating for construction of four similar plants elsewhere in england .

In recognition of this , the Code regulates other transactions where control can be obtained or consolidated .
in recognition of this , the code regulates other transactions where control can be obtained or [merged/combined] .

The limits will be calculated by reference to the consolidated voting capital after the buy-in or redemption .
the limits will be calculated by reference to the [merged/combined] voting capital after the buy-in or redemption .

Where a public law application is consolidated with private law proceedings , however , a court welfare officer may already be involved .
where a public law application is [merged/combined] with private law proceedings , however , a court welfare officer may already be involved .

It had worked very well last night with Fräulein Hubert , better than he 'd hoped , but he ought to be careful until his plans were all consolidated , then he could dump Ingrid and carry on where he 'd left off with that lovely little thing .
it had worked very well last night with fräulein hubert , better than he 'd hoped , but he ought to be careful until his plans were all [merged/combined] , then he could dump ingrid and carry on where he 'd left off with that lovely little thing .

The assets means the book value of the net assets ( excluding intangibles and after deducting loan capital and tax provisions ) taken from the most recent published consolidated accounts adjusted to take account of the subsequent transactions which have already been notified to shareholders .
the assets means the book value of the net assets ( excluding intangibles and after deducting loan capital and tax provisions ) taken from the most recent published [merged/combined] accounts adjusted to take account of the subsequent transactions which have already been notified to shareholders .

The owners of the mine , Carnon Consolidated , had closed it down in February after the Department of Trade and Industry withdrew financial support .
the owners of the mine , carnon [merged/combined] , had closed it down in february after the department of trade and industry withdrew financial support .

Eventually the entire deposit became consolidated into shale .
eventually the entire deposit became [merged/combined] into shale .

The Grand Moral Union of the Productive Classes reverted to an organisation having the characteristic objectives of a trade union : the Grand National Consolidated Trade Union .
the grand moral union of the productive classes reverted to an organisation having the characteristic objectives of a trade union : the grand national [merged/combined] trade union .

Certainly , the change within a few months from the Grand Moral Union of the Productive Classes to the Grand National Consolidated Trade Union suggests great confusion of purpose .
certainly , the change within a few months from the grand moral union of the productive classes to the grand national [merged/combined] trade union suggests great confusion of purpose .

Among the masters the move to destroy unions spread ; and support for the Grand National Consolidated Trade Union , not yet fully organised and unable to sustain its members through the ensuing series of strikes and lock-outs , rapidly faded away .
among the masters the move to destroy unions spread ; and support for the grand national [merged/combined] trade union , not yet fully organised and unable to sustain its members through the ensuing series of strikes and lock-outs , rapidly faded away .

First , as a criticism of the sheer impracticability of the grandiose project Owen had in 1833 put to the Grand Moral Union of the Productive Classes and which still survived in the objectives though not in the activities of its even shorter-lived successor , the Grand National Consolidated Trade Union , the Webbs ' case succeeds .
first , as a criticism of the sheer impracticability of the grandiose project owen had in 1833 put to the grand moral union of the productive classes and which still survived in the objectives though not in the activities of its even shorter-lived successor , the grand national [merged/combined] trade union , the webbs ' case succeeds .

This second great spurt of legislation consolidated Roosevelt 's reputation as a reformer and helped to ensure his re-election in 1936 .
this second great spurt of legislation [merged/combined] roosevelt 's reputation as a reformer and helped to ensure his re-election in 1936 .

They had consolidated their position since the fifteenth century and had latterly built up an impregnable position in the social infrastructure of the region .
they had [merged/combined] their position since the fifteenth century and had latterly built up an impregnable position in the social infrastructure of the region .

The Companies Act 1980 ( now consolidated in the Companies Act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is required , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or substantial property transactions with their company , they must disclose the details of these transactions and obtain the consent of the shareholders .
the companies act 1980 ( now [merged/combined] in the companies act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is required , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or substantial property transactions with their company , they must disclose the details of these transactions and obtain the consent of the shareholders .

This association between modernism and State power , consolidated by Giscard 's commissioning of the Gare d'Orsay , was brought to perfection by Lang and Mitterrand 's socialists .
this association between modernism and state power , [merged/combined] by giscard 's commissioning of the gare d'orsay , was brought to perfection by lang and mitterrand 's socialists .

Again , the grant consolidated existing ducal interests , rounding out Gloucester 's influence in the honour of Pickering further east .
again , the grant [merged/combined] existing ducal interests , rounding out gloucester 's influence in the honour of pickering further east .

Several of the examples quoted above emphasize the extent to which each of Gloucester 's acquisitions , as well as bringing new families into his orbit , consolidated his influence elsewhere .
several of the examples quoted above emphasize the extent to which each of gloucester 's acquisitions , as well as bringing new families into his orbit , [merged/combined] his influence elsewhere .

This consolidated the legislation of the previous half century concerning the treatment of children by the law in both criminal and civil cases , and extended it in important ways .
this [merged/combined] the legislation of the previous half century concerning the treatment of children by the law in both criminal and civil cases , and extended it in important ways .

This consolidated previous legislation concerning maintenance payments to divorced and separated women but did not resolve their long-standing difficulties in obtaining these payments from recalcitrant or poor husbands .
this [merged/combined] previous legislation concerning maintenance payments to divorced and separated women but did not resolve their long-standing difficulties in obtaining these payments from recalcitrant or poor husbands .

By the mid-1920s the disunity which had plagued China since the 191 1 revolution showed some prospect of ending as the Nationalist party , the Guomindang , consolidated its control over large areas of the country .
by the mid-1920s the disunity which had plagued china since the 191 1 revolution showed some prospect of ending as the nationalist party , the guomindang , [merged/combined] its control over large areas of the country .

As the Nationalists consolidated more of the country under their control in a gradual northwards advance , Japan feared that Zhang would either join forces with the Nationalists or would be replaced by them .
as the nationalists [merged/combined] more of the country under their control in a gradual northwards advance , japan feared that zhang would either join forces with the nationalists or would be replaced by them .

AimTrak is an ideal management information and reconciliation system for group companies , as it allows for the aggregation of funds from different member companies and provides a consolidated group figure , thus minimising individual bank charges .
aimtrak is an ideal management information and reconciliation system for group companies , as it allows for the aggregation of funds from different member companies and provides a [merged/combined] group figure , thus minimising individual bank charges .

The major step in agriculture was the opening-up of the rich lands of the Ukraine as Russian rule was consolidated against Turks , Crimean Tatars , and Cossacks , while the establishment of outlets to the Baltic and then to the Black Sea greatly expanded foreign trade .
the major step in agriculture was the opening-up of the rich lands of the ukraine as russian rule was [merged/combined] against turks , crimean tatars , and cossacks , while the establishment of outlets to the baltic and then to the black sea greatly expanded foreign trade .

Thus , the sterna may be narrow and extensively desclerotized ( as in the cockroaches ) , the sutures between the various sclerites may be obliterated and the spinasternum may be lost or its spina consolidated with the eusternum .
thus , the sterna may be narrow and extensively desclerotized ( as in the cockroaches ) , the sutures between the various sclerites may be obliterated and the spinasternum may be lost or its spina [merged/combined] with the eusternum .

In the higher orders , the spina is lost or consolidated with the furca .
in the higher orders , the spina is lost or [merged/combined] with the furca .

This is a Bill certified by the Speaker as containing only provisions relating to the imposition , repeal or regulation of taxation , the imposition or variation of charges on the consolidated fund , etc .
this is a bill certified by the speaker as containing only provisions relating to the imposition , repeal or regulation of taxation , the imposition or variation of charges on the [merged/combined] fund , etc .

( c ) Adjournment Debates following the passage of the Consolidated Fund and Appropriation Bills .
( c ) adjournment debates following the passage of the [merged/combined] fund and appropriation bills .

So , for example , the Annual Appropriation Act will authorise those payments out of the consolidated fund which require annual approval .
so , for example , the annual appropriation act will authorise those payments out of the [merged/combined] fund which require annual approval .

The committees functioned effectively in north Korea in the initial stage of communist rule before their independent characteristics were curbed as the northern regime consolidated itself .
the committees functioned effectively in north korea in the initial stage of communist rule before their independent characteristics were curbed as the northern regime [merged/combined] itself .

Enclosure turned small or fragmented holdings and commons suitable for little more than subsistence agriculture into consolidated holdings able to support the new farming and generate capital for improvement .
enclosure turned small or fragmented holdings and commons suitable for little more than subsistence agriculture into [merged/combined] holdings able to support the new farming and generate capital for improvement .

The Enclosure Acts gave smaller farmers , freeholders , and copyholders consolidated allocations in return for lost common rights although they would have to pay for hedging and ditching .
the enclosure acts gave smaller farmers , freeholders , and copyholders [merged/combined] allocations in return for lost common rights although they would have to pay for hedging and ditching .

The 1977 Housing ( Homeless persons ) Act ( now consolidated in the 1985 Housing Act ) responds to pregnancy of single women by giving them priority for rehousing by the local authority .
the 1977 housing ( homeless persons ) act ( now [merged/combined] in the 1985 housing act ) responds to pregnancy of single women by giving them priority for rehousing by the local authority .

And it was indeed hope , education and reformation that dominated the sphere of juvenile justice in these years , most solidly embodied in the Children and Young Persons Act of 1933 which consolidated these developments in the treatment of young offenders .
and it was indeed hope , education and reformation that dominated the sphere of juvenile justice in these years , most solidly embodied in the children and young persons act of 1933 which [merged/combined] these developments in the treatment of young offenders .

So much so , that it has fallen from the 50 per cent standard of the 1930s , to less than 15 per cent in the late 1970s — which is no better , and in some areas far worse , than the standard already achieved before the First World War when the Probation Act of 1907 had hardly consolidated itself .
so much so , that it has fallen from the 50 per cent standard of the 1930s , to less than 15 per cent in the late 1970s — which is no better , and in some areas far worse , than the standard already achieved before the first world war when the probation act of 1907 had hardly [merged/combined] itself .

For Constantine , in short , the Messiah was precisely what the Messiah had been for Jews in Palestine at the dawn of the Christian era — a ruler , a sovereign , a warrior leader like David and Solomon , who reigned wisely over a temporal realm , established unity in his domains , consolidated a nation and people with divine sanction to support him .
for constantine , in short , the messiah was precisely what the messiah had been for jews in palestine at the dawn of the christian era — a ruler , a sovereign , a warrior leader like david and solomon , who reigned wisely over a temporal realm , established unity in his domains , [merged/combined] a nation and people with divine sanction to support him .

But once Pauline thought had consolidated its own position , it automatically became the ‘ established orthodoxy ’ , and from that point on anything that clashed with it became , by definition , a ‘ heresy ’ .
but once pauline thought had [merged/combined] its own position , it automatically became the ‘ established orthodoxy ’ , and from that point on anything that clashed with it became , by definition , a ‘ heresy ’ .

By the time that Pauline Christianity , moving overland from Rome , arrived , they had already consolidated themselves .
by the time that pauline christianity , moving overland from rome , arrived , they had already [merged/combined] themselves .

For the last ten years or so , feminist commentators on social policy have remarked upon two particular features of the British social security system : first , that it is based on clear and consistent views about the nature of marriage and the economic and social relationship between husbands and wives ( Land and Parker , 1978 ; O'Donovan , 1979 ) ; and secondly , despite considerable changes in the position of women in society since the principles of the modern social security system were laid out in the Beveridge Report ( Beveridge , 1942 ) and consolidated in post-war legislation , the system itself and its principles have remained obstinately impervious to change ( Land , 1975 ) .
for the last ten years or so , feminist commentators on social policy have remarked upon two particular features of the british social security system : first , that it is based on clear and consistent views about the nature of marriage and the economic and social relationship between husbands and wives ( land and parker , 1978 ; o'donovan , 1979 ) ; and secondly , despite considerable changes in the position of women in society since the principles of the modern social security system were laid out in the beveridge report ( beveridge , 1942 ) and [merged/combined] in post-war legislation , the system itself and its principles have remained obstinately impervious to change ( land , 1975 ) .

The king , of course , was the chief prize of Poitiers , and Edward intended that the price of his release should be not only a substantial ransom but also a definitive peace with France : the gains of battle needed to be consolidated by a diplomatic success .
the king , of course , was the chief prize of poitiers , and edward intended that the price of his release should be not only a substantial ransom but also a definitive peace with france : the gains of battle needed to be [merged/combined] by a diplomatic success .

Booksellers increasingly have to promote their consolidated services to publishers .
booksellers increasingly have to promote their [merged/combined] services to publishers .

The Gairloch discovery by Consolidated Gold Fields in north-west Scotland was the first significant metalliferous ore deposit to be found in the Lewisian of the North-west Foreland .
the gairloch discovery by [merged/combined] gold fields in north-west scotland was the first significant metalliferous ore deposit to be found in the lewisian of the north-west foreland .

It was discovered by Consolidated Gold Fields Ltd in 1978 and has been intensively drilled , but is currently subeconomic .
it was discovered by [merged/combined] gold fields ltd in 1978 and has been intensively drilled , but is currently subeconomic .

( b ) Prepare , in good style , the consolidated Balance Sheet at 31 December year 41 of Sour Ltd ( and its subsidiary ) on the assumption that Sour Ltd acquired the shares in Crowt Ltd on 31 December Year 41 and all forecasts were completely accurate .
( b ) prepare , in good style , the [merged/combined] balance sheet at 31 december year 41 of sour ltd ( and its subsidiary ) on the assumption that sour ltd acquired the shares in crowt ltd on 31 december year 41 and all forecasts were completely accurate .

This action has consolidated production into an easier-to-manage , smaller number of units more suited to a continuing investment in new technology .
this action has [merged/combined] production into an easier-to-manage , smaller number of units more suited to a continuing investment in new technology .

The consolidated financial statements include those of the Company and all its subsidiaries made up to the end of the financial year .
the [merged/combined] financial statements include those of the company and all its subsidiaries made up to the end of the financial year .

The net assets of companies acquired are incorporated in the consolidated accounts at their fair values to the Group after making provisions for expected reorganisation costs and related gains and losses pending reorganisation .
the net assets of companies acquired are incorporated in the [merged/combined] accounts at their fair values to the group after making provisions for expected reorganisation costs and related gains and losses pending reorganisation .

in respect of employed persons , out of work as a result of redundancy as defined in the Employment Protection ( Consolidated ) Act 1978 , as amended , dismissal where the contract under which the Insured Customer is employed is terminated by the Employer , or the declared bankruptcy or liquidation of the business of the Insured Customer 's employer .
in respect of employed persons , out of work as a result of redundancy as defined in the employment protection ( [merged/combined] ) act 1978 , as amended , dismissal where the contract under which the insured customer is employed is terminated by the employer , or the declared bankruptcy or liquidation of the business of the insured customer 's employer .

The circle members identified the problems and began talks with a local company , Consolidated Holdings which could supply a re-usable strap to do the job of a batch of bands .
the circle members identified the problems and began talks with a local company , [merged/combined] holdings which could supply a re-usable strap to do the job of a batch of bands .

When and how consolidated accounts should be adjusted to cope with distortions when incorporating operations in economies affected by hyperinflation was clarified in an abstract issued by the Accounting Standards Board .
when and how [merged/combined] accounts should be adjusted to cope with distortions when incorporating operations in economies affected by hyperinflation was clarified in an abstract issued by the accounting standards board .

Exports to Germany have risen 18 % to £1.2 billion and it has consolidated its position as Scotland 's top export market .
exports to germany have risen 18 % to £1.2 billion and it has [merged/combined] its position as scotland 's top export market .

Again , the grant consolidated existing ducal interests , rounding out Gloucester 's influence in the honour of Pickering further east .
again , the grant [merged/combined] existing ducal interests , rounding out gloucester 's influence in the honour of pickering further east .

Several of the examples quoted above emphasize the extent to which each of Gloucester 's acquisitions , as well as bringing new families into his orbit , consolidated his influence elsewhere .
several of the examples quoted above emphasize the extent to which each of gloucester 's acquisitions , as well as bringing new families into his orbit , [merged/combined] his influence elsewhere .

This had been consolidated in power by the end of the fourteenth century , after the one serious attempt to overthrow it .
this had been [merged/combined] in power by the end of the fourteenth century , after the one serious attempt to overthrow it .

These oligarchies were , however , powerful and one of the most significant developments in English urban history at this time was the way in which they consolidated their control over town government .
these oligarchies were , however , powerful and one of the most significant developments in english urban history at this time was the way in which they [merged/combined] their control over town government .

In February , 1986 he described it as Russia 's `` bleeding wound `` and as he consolidated his position in the Politburo was able to press for an end to the conflict .
in february , 1986 he described it as russia 's `` bleeding wound `` and as he [merged/combined] his position in the politburo was able to press for an end to the conflict .

The Paris Office , opened early last year , is now consolidated with Bernard Violet managing a team of four agents .
the paris office , opened early last year , is now [merged/combined] with bernard violet managing a team of four agents .

Consolidated financial statements
[merged/combined] financial statements

greater than 50 % interest ) in other companies are required to issue consolidated financial statements .
greater than 50 % interest ) in other companies are required to issue [merged/combined] financial statements .

Consolidated statements combine the financial positions and earnings reports of the parent company with those of various subsidiaries into an overall report as if they were a single entity .
[merged/combined] statements combine the financial positions and earnings reports of the parent company with those of various subsidiaries into an overall report as if they were a single entity .

In preparing their report , the auditors are required ( by section 237 ) to carry out such investigations as will enable them to form an opinion as to whether proper accounting records have been kept by the company and whether the company 's balance sheet and ( if not consolidated ) its profit and loss account are in agreement with the accounting records and returns .
in preparing their report , the auditors are required ( by section 237 ) to carry out such investigations as will enable them to form an opinion as to whether proper accounting records have been kept by the company and whether the company 's balance sheet and ( if not [merged/combined] ) its profit and loss account are in agreement with the accounting records and returns .

The City Code is concerned with takeover and merger transactions , however effected , of all relevant companies ; these include partial offers , offers by a parent company for shares in its subsidiary and certain other transactions where control of a company ( as defined in the Code ) is to be obtained or consolidated .
the city code is concerned with takeover and merger transactions , however effected , of all relevant companies ; these include partial offers , offers by a parent company for shares in its subsidiary and certain other transactions where control of a company ( as defined in the code ) is to be obtained or [merged/combined] .

The accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ Transfer date ] .
the accounts will be prepared on a [merged/combined] basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ transfer date ] .

The accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ Transfer date ] .
the accounts will be prepared on a [merged/combined] basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ transfer date ] .

adding [ ] ; and the net assets of £ [ x ] as disclosed by the Company 's consolidated balance sheet for the year ended [ date ] .
adding [ ] ; and the net assets of £ [ x ] as disclosed by the company 's [merged/combined] balance sheet for the year ended [ date ] .

Consolidated net assets at completion will not be less than net assets of [ £x ] shown in consolidated audited balance sheet at [ date ] , without the prior agreement of [ ] Plc .
[merged/combined] net assets at completion will not be less than net assets of [ £x ] shown in [merged/combined] audited balance sheet at [ date ] , without the prior agreement of [ ] plc .

Will consolidated accounts be prepared , or will some form of combined accounts be required ?
will [merged/combined] accounts be prepared , or will some form of combined accounts be required ?

O'Connor consumed by emotion , burst into tears in front of thousands of delirious supporters when he consolidated his marvellous recovery against Freddie Couples with a No .
o'connor consumed by emotion , burst into tears in front of thousands of delirious supporters when he [merged/combined] his marvellous recovery against freddie couples with a no .

In the eighteenth century rural society in the Scottish lowlands was transformed as traditional agriculture was reformed , peasant holdings consolidated and the majority of the rural population reduced to the status of landless wage labourers .
in the eighteenth century rural society in the scottish lowlands was transformed as traditional agriculture was reformed , peasant holdings [merged/combined] and the majority of the rural population reduced to the status of landless wage labourers .

Victory for Cambridge president James Behrens and his crew — lighter , younger and less experienced than their rivals — arrested a miserable run of six successive defeats and 16 losses in the last 17 years and consolidated the victors ' all-time lead at 70 wins to 68 .
victory for cambridge president james behrens and his crew — lighter , younger and less experienced than their rivals — arrested a miserable run of six successive defeats and 16 losses in the last 17 years and [merged/combined] the victors ' all-time lead at 70 wins to 68 .

The business interests of the group were consolidated in 1924 under the name of The Wellcome Foundation Limited and the Company aims of today still correspond very closely to those of its founders , namely the discovery , development , manufacture and sale of products to promote the health and hygiene of man and animals .
the business interests of the group were [merged/combined] in 1924 under the name of the wellcome foundation limited and the company aims of today still correspond very closely to those of its founders , namely the discovery , development , manufacture and sale of products to promote the health and hygiene of man and animals .

This Consolidated Fund revenue ( 169.8bn ) , together with Social Security receipts ( 38.7bn ) , local authority and business rates ( some 14.1bn ) and the community charge ( 8.0bn ) plus other miscellaneous receipts , including those from privatization , are necessary to pay for the government 's expenditure plans of around 258bn in 1992/93 .
this [merged/combined] fund revenue ( 169.8bn ) , together with social security receipts ( 38.7bn ) , local authority and business rates ( some 14.1bn ) and the community charge ( 8.0bn ) plus other miscellaneous receipts , including those from privatization , are necessary to pay for the government 's expenditure plans of around 258bn in 1992/93 .

The Group Accounts comprise the consolidated accounts of the holding company and all its subsidiaries , of which the principal companies are identified on pages 36 and 37 .
the group accounts comprise the [merged/combined] accounts of the holding company and all its subsidiaries , of which the principal companies are identified on pages 36 and 37 .

Acts to enable river navigations to be improved , necessary because the building of locks , new cuts or dredging often affected the interests of local landowners , farmers and especially millers , went back as far as the sixteenth century but were consolidated in a veritable spate of river improvement after the Restoration .
acts to enable river navigations to be improved , necessary because the building of locks , new cuts or dredging often affected the interests of local landowners , farmers and especially millers , went back as far as the sixteenth century but were [merged/combined] in a veritable spate of river improvement after the restoration .

What the Bank got in return for its public lending services were paper assets which ranged from Exchequer and Navy bills to longer-term consolidated stocks .
what the bank got in return for its public lending services were paper assets which ranged from exchequer and navy bills to longer-term [merged/combined] stocks .

Consolidated Fund Bill
[merged/combined] fund bill

In view of what you , Mr. Speaker , have had to say about the Consolidated Fund Bill , can you give some assurance that , if this matter about Maxwell and him laundering money is raised , you will ensure that people such as Arthur Scargill and Peter Heathfield will be given special tickets to sit in the Gallery so that they can hear the debate and so that they can draw the attention of various channels to the fact that perhaps Mr. Lightman should investigate the missing Maxwell millions , and perhaps we can find out whether Roger Windsor , Mr. Maxwell 's nark , was paid £50,000 out of the Daily Mirror 's missing millions .
in view of what you , mr. speaker , have had to say about the [merged/combined] fund bill , can you give some assurance that , if this matter about maxwell and him laundering money is raised , you will ensure that people such as arthur scargill and peter heathfield will be given special tickets to sit in the gallery so that they can hear the debate and so that they can draw the attention of various channels to the fact that perhaps mr. lightman should investigate the missing maxwell millions , and perhaps we can find out whether roger windsor , mr. maxwell 's nark , was paid £50,000 out of the daily mirror 's missing millions .

That point could also be raised in the Consolidated Fund Bill debate .
that point could also be raised in the [merged/combined] fund bill debate .

If the hon. Gentleman is called to speak in the debate on the Consolidated Fund Bill or the Adjournment motion , he could well raise those points then .
if the hon. gentleman is called to speak in the debate on the [merged/combined] fund bill or the adjournment motion , he could well raise those points then .

Motion made , and Question proposed , That a further sum not exceeding £1,680,076,000 be granted to Her Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund to defray the charges that will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1992 for expenditure by the Department of Social Security on non-contributory retirement pensions , Christmas bonus payments to pensioners , pensions etc. , for disablement or death arising out of war or service in the armed forces after 2nd September 1939 and on sundry other services , on attendance allowances , invalid care allowance , severe disablement allowance , mobility allowance ; on pensions gratuities and sundry allowances for disablement and specified deaths arising from industrial causes ; on income support , transitional payment , child benefit , one parent benefit , family credit , and on the vaccine damage payment scheme .
motion made , and question proposed , that a further sum not exceeding £1,680,076,000 be granted to her majesty out of the [merged/combined] fund to defray the charges that will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st march 1992 for expenditure by the department of social security on non-contributory retirement pensions , christmas bonus payments to pensioners , pensions etc. , for disablement or death arising out of war or service in the armed forces after 2nd september 1939 and on sundry other services , on attendance allowances , invalid care allowance , severe disablement allowance , mobility allowance ; on pensions gratuities and sundry allowances for disablement and specified deaths arising from industrial causes ; on income support , transitional payment , child benefit , one parent benefit , family credit , and on the vaccine damage payment scheme .

Resolved , That , for the purposes of any Act resulting from the Local Government Finance Bill ( ’ the Act ’ ) , it is expedient to authorise the payment into the Consolidated Fund of —
resolved , that , for the purposes of any act resulting from the local government finance bill ( ’ the act ’ ) , it is expedient to authorise the payment into the [merged/combined] fund of —

( 2 ) the payment of sums into the Consolidated Fund .
( 2 ) the payment of sums into the [merged/combined] fund .

In respect of the branch problem , this could probably be solved by building on the fact that a directive adopted in 1983 required that the supervision of credit institutions should be conducted on a consolidated basis .
in respect of the branch problem , this could probably be solved by building on the fact that a directive adopted in 1983 required that the supervision of credit institutions should be conducted on a [merged/combined] basis .

Especially in the ‘ new nations ’ , political parties which emerged from the independence movements have either consolidated their position , or have been challenged and replaced by still newer parties , or destroyed by military coups .
especially in the ‘ new nations ’ , political parties which emerged from the independence movements have either [merged/combined] their position , or have been challenged and replaced by still newer parties , or destroyed by military coups .

Poorly consolidated sediments , or those for which porosity information is required , must first be vacuum-imbedded in resin ( see Section 4.5 ) .
poorly [merged/combined] sediments , or those for which porosity information is required , must first be vacuum-imbedded in resin ( see section 4.5 ) .

Poorly consolidated sediments and porous sandstones may require impregnation with resin under vacuum .
poorly [merged/combined] sediments and porous sandstones may require impregnation with resin under vacuum .

The Habsburgs had been stung by the loss of Silesia into a series of far-reaching administrative reforms , while Russia had once more displayed her military strength and had consolidated her dominant position in Poland .
the habsburgs had been stung by the loss of silesia into a series of far-reaching administrative reforms , while russia had once more displayed her military strength and had [merged/combined] her dominant position in poland .

Was this because the first consolidated their own view of the world ?
was this because the first [merged/combined] their own view of the world ?

Everything seems to be done by trial and error . When will it be consolidated into proper' mathematical theory' ?
everything seems to be done by trial and error . when will it be [merged/combined] into proper' mathematical theory' ?

While Muhammed Shah and his circle busied themselves with amusement , Safdarjung consolidated his position .
while muhammed shah and his circle busied themselves with amusement , safdarjung [merged/combined] his position .

Chairman of Johannesburg Consolidated Investment Company , Ltd , Rustenburg Platinum Mines Ltd and Times Media Ltd .
chairman of johannesburg [merged/combined] investment company , ltd , rustenburg platinum mines ltd and times media ltd .

Costs have also been the focus of attention and all manufacturing activities have been consolidated in newly refurbished premises in Birmingham .
costs have also been the focus of attention and all manufacturing activities have been [merged/combined] in newly refurbished premises in birmingham .

The consolidated accounts comprise the accounts of the parent company and all its subsidiary undertakings and include the groups interest in associated undertakings .
the [merged/combined] accounts comprise the accounts of the parent company and all its subsidiary undertakings and include the groups interest in associated undertakings .

The net assets of companies acquired are incorporated in the consolidated accounts at their fair values to the group at the date of acquisition .
the net assets of companies acquired are incorporated in the [merged/combined] accounts at their fair values to the group at the date of acquisition .

Not only had Lothar consolidated his position west of the Meuse ; he had heavily defeated Louis the German 's forces in the Rhineland and driven Louis back to Bavaria .
not only had lothar [merged/combined] his position west of the meuse ; he had heavily defeated louis the german 's forces in the rhineland and driven louis back to bavaria .

Franco 's position of superior strength was consolidated further when , around 23 August , Germany and Italy decided to send all future aid to him , or to the places specified by him , and nowhere else .
franco 's position of superior strength was [merged/combined] further when , around 23 august , germany and italy decided to send all future aid to him , or to the places specified by him , and nowhere else .

The ensuing war saw the myth consolidated militarily and politically .
the ensuing war saw the myth [merged/combined] militarily and politically .

In the summer of 1939 he consolidated the edifice further .
in the summer of 1939 he [merged/combined] the edifice further .

The Spanish regime born of the rising of 18 July 1936 has been consolidated , enjoys an indisputable prestige and has achieved , for the first time in centuries , an independent political line for the Spanish people … The figure of Francisco Franco and his political talent , like his military talent before , have made possible a situation in which we may look to the future with optimism .
the spanish regime born of the rising of 18 july 1936 has been [merged/combined] , enjoys an indisputable prestige and has achieved , for the first time in centuries , an independent political line for the spanish people … the figure of francisco franco and his political talent , like his military talent before , have made possible a situation in which we may look to the future with optimism .

Yet , without minimising the very real material and political benefits gained by ordinary working-class people in the 1940s , one must recognise the qualitatively ambiguous nature of these welfare innovations : a National Health Service which greatly benefited working-class women and children but also consolidated the power of an elite of consultants ; secondary education for all , but qualitatively differentiated , with selection by and large on grounds of social class , and the independent sector left intact ; a comprehensive social security system , but with benefit rates no higher in relation to average earnings than they had been in the 1930s .
yet , without minimising the very real material and political benefits gained by ordinary working-class people in the 1940s , one must recognise the qualitatively ambiguous nature of these welfare innovations : a national health service which greatly benefited working-class women and children but also [merged/combined] the power of an elite of consultants ; secondary education for all , but qualitatively differentiated , with selection by and large on grounds of social class , and the independent sector left intact ; a comprehensive social security system , but with benefit rates no higher in relation to average earnings than they had been in the 1930s .

After acquiring Petromed in 1991 , we have consolidated our position in the country and now enjoy a 9 % share of its retail market .
after acquiring petromed in 1991 , we have [merged/combined] our position in the country and now enjoy a 9 % share of its retail market .

Consolidated Building , Johnnies ' Head Office dates back to 1905 and is a landmark in Johannesburg .
[merged/combined] building , johnnies ' head office dates back to 1905 and is a landmark in johannesburg .

Chrome mining at Rustenburg . Consolidated Metallurgical Industries is the world 's second largest producer of high carbon ferrochrome
chrome mining at rustenburg . [merged/combined] metallurgical industries is the world 's second largest producer of high carbon ferrochrome

Azerbaijani forces consolidated military advances made in June by recapturing in early July the northern part of Nagorny Karabakh and its main town of Mardakert .
azerbaijani forces [merged/combined] military advances made in june by recapturing in early july the northern part of nagorny karabakh and its main town of mardakert .

Fighting continued around Sarajevo , Bihac and Goradze and in various areas of northern Bosnia-Hercegovina , while in the south Bosnian Croatians consolidated their hold on the area they had named the Croatian Community of Herzeg-Bosna [ see p. 39012 ] .
fighting continued around sarajevo , bihac and goradze and in various areas of northern bosnia-hercegovina , while in the south bosnian croatians [merged/combined] their hold on the area they had named the croatian community of herzeg-bosna [ see p. 39012 ] .

During his 12 years in the post Späth had consolidated Baden-Württemberg 's reputation as a prosperous state and he had been widely regarded as a possible successor to Kohl .
during his 12 years in the post späth had [merged/combined] baden-württemberg 's reputation as a prosperous state and he had been widely regarded as a possible successor to kohl .

It was by conquering the Celts , in Italy , Gaul , Spain , Britain and Danubian countries , that the Roman Empire consolidated itself as a world power .
it was by conquering the celts , in italy , gaul , spain , britain and danubian countries , that the roman empire [merged/combined] itself as a world power .

He had made enquiry in Cornwall to ascertain what dues were typical in that county and from the information he had gleaned he was able to show that Consolidated Mines paid one-twentyfourth ; Tresavean and South Roskear one-twentieth ; and North Roskear to two different Mineral Lords — one-twentieth and one-fifteenth .
he had made enquiry in cornwall to ascertain what dues were typical in that county and from the information he had gleaned he was able to show that [merged/combined] mines paid one-twentyfourth ; tresavean and south roskear one-twentieth ; and north roskear to two different mineral lords — one-twentieth and one-fifteenth .

All manufacturing units have been consolidated into United Distillers Production Inc. , thus allowing for significant rationalisation and productivity enhancement .
all manufacturing units have been [merged/combined] into united distillers production inc. , thus allowing for significant rationalisation and productivity enhancement .

It has delegated authority under the Consolidated Regulations to grant such exemptions .
it has delegated authority under the [merged/combined] regulations to grant such exemptions .

In addition , it is responsible for formulating the policy for dealing with the various kinds of applications ( subject to the directions of the Bar Council and the Inns ' Council ) and for revising the Consolidated Regulations as and when necessary .
in addition , it is responsible for formulating the policy for dealing with the various kinds of applications ( subject to the directions of the bar council and the inns ' council ) and for revising the [merged/combined] regulations as and when necessary .

Once Otto had consolidated his hold over Germany and secured his external frontiers , he went to Rome in 962 for a second coronation , following again in the steps of Charlemagne .
once otto had [merged/combined] his hold over germany and secured his external frontiers , he went to rome in 962 for a second coronation , following again in the steps of charlemagne .

There was , of course , talk of union all round ; it was in the early 1890s , as we have noted , that the historic divisions between General and Particular Baptists were finally consolidated into the Baptist Union .
there was , of course , talk of union all round ; it was in the early 1890s , as we have noted , that the historic divisions between general and particular baptists were finally [merged/combined] into the baptist union .

After the completion of the Ring cycle , the Berlin orchestra now able to compete in territory that was once the special preserve of its Viennese cousin , Karajan both consolidated and extended the repertory during the 1970s , the music-making continuing to intensify both tonally , and emotionally as Karajan became older and more and more subject to personal trials and privations .
after the completion of the ring cycle , the berlin orchestra now able to compete in territory that was once the special preserve of its viennese cousin , karajan both [merged/combined] and extended the repertory during the 1970s , the music-making continuing to intensify both tonally , and emotionally as karajan became older and more and more subject to personal trials and privations .

It took much longer for a consolidated kingship to emerge in France than it did in Germany after the break-up of the Carolingian empire .
it took much longer for a [merged/combined] kingship to emerge in france than it did in germany after the break-up of the carolingian empire .

They were not then a class which had consolidated its position through marriage and inheritance : the combination of their own practice and of national policy made it unlikely that they would ever be able to do so .
they were not then a class which had [merged/combined] its position through marriage and inheritance : the combination of their own practice and of national policy made it unlikely that they would ever be able to do so .

Second , what education now needs more than ever is a period of calm and stability in which changes can be introduced or consolidated in partnership with the teaching profession without undue haste and lack of preparation .
second , what education now needs more than ever is a period of calm and stability in which changes can be introduced or [merged/combined] in partnership with the teaching profession without undue haste and lack of preparation .

The legal recognition of corporate character may be obtained either by a charter from the Crown , as in the case of most of our older corporations , like the Hudson 's Bay Company , some universities and their colleges , as well as of some more recent ones ; or directly by means of an incorporating Act of parliament , as in the case of certain public utilities ; or indirectly through an Act of Parliament like the Companies Act 1948 ( which has been amended by several later Acts of the same name , and consolidated by the Companies Act 1985 ) , which offers corporate character to any number of persons ( usually not less than seven ) associated for a lawful object , who are willing to comply with the statutory requirements as to registration and otherwise .
the legal recognition of corporate character may be obtained either by a charter from the crown , as in the case of most of our older corporations , like the hudson 's bay company , some universities and their colleges , as well as of some more recent ones ; or directly by means of an incorporating act of parliament , as in the case of certain public utilities ; or indirectly through an act of parliament like the companies act 1948 ( which has been amended by several later acts of the same name , and [merged/combined] by the companies act 1985 ) , which offers corporate character to any number of persons ( usually not less than seven ) associated for a lawful object , who are willing to comply with the statutory requirements as to registration and otherwise .

Tithe owners were compensated by the issue to them of redemption stock charged on the Consolidated Fund , and land charged with tithe was charged instead with redemption annuities payable to the Crown .
tithe owners were compensated by the issue to them of redemption stock charged on the [merged/combined] fund , and land charged with tithe was charged instead with redemption annuities payable to the crown .

The Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom is liable to the beneficiaries for the acts and defaults of the Public Trustee and his subordinates .
the [merged/combined] fund of the united kingdom is liable to the beneficiaries for the acts and defaults of the public trustee and his subordinates .

Half of Renison Goldfields Consolidated of Australia which produces not only gold but also tin , copper and the raw material for making titanium oxide .
half of renison goldfields [merged/combined] of australia which produces not only gold but also tin , copper and the raw material for making titanium oxide .

Between the 1st day of July 1987 and the 15th day of October 1987 conspired together and with other persons fraudulently to induce persons to enter into agreements for acquiring or subscribing for securities , namely shares in Blue Arrow plc , by making statements which they knew to be misleading , false or deceptive or by dishonestly concealing material facts or by recklessly making statements which were misleading , false or deceptive namely : 1.1 By failing to notify the Company Announcements Office of the Quotations Department of the International Stock Exchange by way of a Class 2 announcement ( as provided for by Section 6 of the Council of the Stock Exchange 's admission of securities to listing ) following the purchase of shares in Manpower Incorporated for a consideration in excess of 5 per cent of the consolidated net assets of Blue Arrow ; 1.2 By concealing the fact that the level of Acceptances of provisionally allotted new ordinary shares in Blue Arrow was 38.04 per cent at the expiry of the offer by way of rights issue at 3pm on September 28 , 1987 ; 1.3 By concealing the fact that 54,625,000 new ordinary shares in Blue Arrow were taken up after 3pm on September 28 , 1987 ; 1.4 By falsely stating that , in connection with the rights issue of 504.4 million new ordinary shares in Blue Arrow , acceptances had been received in respect of 246.5 million shares which represented 48.9 per cent of the rights issue .
between the 1st day of july 1987 and the 15th day of october 1987 conspired together and with other persons fraudulently to induce persons to enter into agreements for acquiring or subscribing for securities , namely shares in blue arrow plc , by making statements which they knew to be misleading , false or deceptive or by dishonestly concealing material facts or by recklessly making statements which were misleading , false or deceptive namely : 1.1 by failing to notify the company announcements office of the quotations department of the international stock exchange by way of a class 2 announcement ( as provided for by section 6 of the council of the stock exchange 's admission of securities to listing ) following the purchase of shares in manpower incorporated for a consideration in excess of 5 per cent of the [merged/combined] net assets of blue arrow ; 1.2 by concealing the fact that the level of acceptances of provisionally allotted new ordinary shares in blue arrow was 38.04 per cent at the expiry of the offer by way of rights issue at 3pm on september 28 , 1987 ; 1.3 by concealing the fact that 54,625,000 new ordinary shares in blue arrow were taken up after 3pm on september 28 , 1987 ; 1.4 by falsely stating that , in connection with the rights issue of 504.4 million new ordinary shares in blue arrow , acceptances had been received in respect of 246.5 million shares which represented 48.9 per cent of the rights issue .

Those who prefer to see earnings credited to their account on a regular basis may use personal equity plans to shelter dividends from tax ; here , the high-yielding income shares of splits including River & Mercantile , General Consolidated and River Plate may prove best .
those who prefer to see earnings credited to their account on a regular basis may use personal equity plans to shelter dividends from tax ; here , the high-yielding income shares of splits including river & mercantile , general [merged/combined] and river plate may prove best .

The original porous bone has been consolidated to become much heavier than it would have been in life .
the original porous bone has been [merged/combined] to become much heavier than it would have been in life .

This was consolidated by the desire of smaller states to make the best of their inevitable inferiority by gaining a place at the top table through federation , and by the gradual decline of Austria as the only credible rival for hegemony in Central Europe .
this was [merged/combined] by the desire of smaller states to make the best of their inevitable inferiority by gaining a place at the top table through federation , and by the gradual decline of austria as the only credible rival for hegemony in central europe .

That is not to say its decisions go unchallenged - witness the furore over Consolidated Gold Fields and Newgateway .
that is not to say its decisions go unchallenged - witness the furore over [merged/combined] gold fields and newgateway .

1 The dug-over , weed-free site should be consolidated by raking and treading down all over with the heels .
1 the dug-over , weed-free site should be [merged/combined] by raking and treading down all over with the heels .

But that is what the arrangement was : an alliance rather than a consolidated interest or a genuinely shared culture .
but that is what the arrangement was : an alliance rather than a [merged/combined] interest or a genuinely shared culture .

In the girls ' event , Catherine Wittenberg ( Kent ) , consolidated her position as leader of the Reebok 12 and under Grand Prix table by reaching the final , but missed out on maximum points when she lost to Claire Sewell ( York ) 6–4 6–1 .
in the girls ' event , catherine wittenberg ( kent ) , [merged/combined] her position as leader of the reebok 12 and under grand prix table by reaching the final , but missed out on maximum points when she lost to claire sewell ( york ) 6–4 6–1 .

It is necessary to have a clean seed-bed , well consolidated and with soil in good heart .
it is necessary to have a clean seed-bed , well [merged/combined] and with soil in good heart .

Rigid-tined cultivators or ‘ grubbers ’ are very useful for breaking up consolidated or panned soil ( for instance , in the spring after a root crop ) , and can often replace the mould-board plough in the first stage of working down a tilth .
rigid-tined cultivators or ‘ grubbers ’ are very useful for breaking up [merged/combined] or panned soil ( for instance , in the spring after a root crop ) , and can often replace the mould-board plough in the first stage of working down a tilth .

Local Education Authorities were jealous of the autonomy that they had enjoyed since 1902 , and which had been consolidated in 1944 : they would not take kindly to being told precisely what to do , and even a persuasive circular about the organization of secondary education was too much for some of them .
local education authorities were jealous of the autonomy that they had enjoyed since 1902 , and which had been [merged/combined] in 1944 : they would not take kindly to being told precisely what to do , and even a persuasive circular about the organization of secondary education was too much for some of them .

In the early 1980s Lord Hanson 's £3.5billion successful bid for Consolidated Goldfields would have seemed unlikely and Sir James Goldsmith 's audacious £13billion offer for BATs impossible .
in the early 1980s lord hanson 's £3.5billion successful bid for [merged/combined] goldfields would have seemed unlikely and sir james goldsmith 's audacious £13billion offer for bats impossible .

Subsequently , President Moi has consolidated his position in such a way that it has become difficult , if not impossible , for anyone to challenge his position by constitutional means .
subsequently , president moi has [merged/combined] his position in such a way that it has become difficult , if not impossible , for anyone to challenge his position by constitutional means .

In the District of Kiambu alone , over 500,000 fragmented plots were consolidated into 50,000 farms between 1956 and 1960 .
in the district of kiambu alone , over 500,000 fragmented plots were [merged/combined] into 50,000 farms between 1956 and 1960 .

Increasingly powerful transmitters , satellite relays , and cable systems have begun to open up the British electorate to a wider variety of broadcast news sources , while business mergers have effectively consolidated control of the press into a very few hands ( Newton , 1988a , p. 314 ; Negrine , 1989 , ch .
increasingly powerful transmitters , satellite relays , and cable systems have begun to open up the british electorate to a wider variety of broadcast news sources , while business mergers have effectively [merged/combined] control of the press into a very few hands ( newton , 1988a , p. 314 ; negrine , 1989 , ch .

Above all , they facilitated particularly the development of resident tutor-organiser initiatives within the District in the decade following 1924 , and consolidated the independent , autonomous status of the District as a provider of liberal adult education .
above all , they facilitated particularly the development of resident tutor-organiser initiatives within the district in the decade following 1924 , and [merged/combined] the independent , autonomous status of the district as a provider of liberal adult education .

Having consolidated his base , he launched an aggressive drive that led to the take-over of Newcastle Breweries and several smaller Edinburgh companies to form Scottish & Newcastle , which by the time he retired as chairman in 1969 was supplying about 10 per cent of British beer sales .
having [merged/combined] his base , he launched an aggressive drive that led to the take-over of newcastle breweries and several smaller edinburgh companies to form scottish & newcastle , which by the time he retired as chairman in 1969 was supplying about 10 per cent of british beer sales .

Between 785 and 792 , Frankish rule was consolidated in Saxony .
between 785 and 792 , frankish rule was [merged/combined] in saxony .

Consequently , as will be seen below , the consolidated revenue of these agencies represented a share of adjusted social product which was between 2 and 3 per cent less than the totals shown in Table 8.1 .
consequently , as will be seen below , the [merged/combined] revenue of these agencies represented a share of adjusted social product which was between 2 and 3 per cent less than the totals shown in table 8.1 .

Data on consolidated government revenues and expenditures come from a different source , and are differently classified .
data on [merged/combined] government revenues and expenditures come from a different source , and are differently classified .

In the years 1977 — 83 the ratio of the increase in the money supply to consolidated government budgetary expenditure was about 15 per cent .
in the years 1977 — 83 the ratio of the increase in the money supply to [merged/combined] government budgetary expenditure was about 15 per cent .

The Wedding Present consolidated their reputation as a fine live band during 1988 but released a dearth of new material .
the wedding present [merged/combined] their reputation as a fine live band during 1988 but released a dearth of new material .

They moved the Range Rover up market , consolidated the traditional Land Rover and introduced the spectacular Discovery to scoop the honours and sales in the popular middle ground .
they moved the range rover up market , [merged/combined] the traditional land rover and introduced the spectacular discovery to scoop the honours and sales in the popular middle ground .

Angus Wilson soon consolidated his brilliant debut with another equally remarkable volume of stories , Such Darling Dodos .
angus wilson soon [merged/combined] his brilliant debut with another equally remarkable volume of stories , such darling dodos .

Consolidated Life expects to hold its rates until the middle of next week .
[merged/combined] life expects to hold its rates until the middle of next week .

Clearly , serious efforts were being made to bring the new Court up to standard , though Malmesbury thought there was still a way to go before all would be consolidated :
clearly , serious efforts were being made to bring the new court up to standard , though malmesbury thought there was still a way to go before all would be [merged/combined] :

Those who did well out of coffee growing started employing labourers and consolidated their control over the best land .
those who did well out of coffee growing started employing labourers and [merged/combined] their control over the best land .

Maronite power was consolidated in the aftermath of the civil war against the Druze in 1860 , a conflict whose massacres — in which 12,000 Christians died — prompted the French army to intervene in Lebanon on behalf of the Maronites .
maronite power was [merged/combined] in the aftermath of the civil war against the druze in 1860 , a conflict whose massacres — in which 12,000 christians died — prompted the french army to intervene in lebanon on behalf of the maronites .

During the 1970s , with two power stations in relatively peaceful operation , the Board consolidated its position on the Somerset coast .
during the 1970s , with two power stations in relatively peaceful operation , the board [merged/combined] its position on the somerset coast .

In a sense , Richard consolidated the supremacy of the Christian cavalry which El Cid had established over Islam in Spain and he proved this to great effect in the running battles which followed the siege of Acre .
in a sense , richard [merged/combined] the supremacy of the christian cavalry which el cid had established over islam in spain and he proved this to great effect in the running battles which followed the siege of acre .

However , its midmarket rival , The Mail on Sunday , has consolidated its own position during the past six months with sales of 2,010,807 against 1,931,025 .
however , its midmarket rival , the mail on sunday , has [merged/combined] its own position during the past six months with sales of 2,010,807 against 1,931,025 .

The ideas can be consolidated when the teacher is shown the full lace with its pattern of beads ( with or without errors in repeat ) .
the ideas can be [merged/combined] when the teacher is shown the full lace with its pattern of beads ( with or without errors in repeat ) .

That structure was consolidated in the Local Government Act 1933 , under which Act it remained the system of local government until the Local Government Act 1972 .
that structure was [merged/combined] in the local government act 1933 , under which act it remained the system of local government until the local government act 1972 .

The Churchill Government inherited a highly efficient system of Cabinet and official committees , but with in a few months officials were complaining that the neat system consolidated by Clement Attlee was in disarray .
the churchill government inherited a highly efficient system of cabinet and official committees , but with in a few months officials were complaining that the neat system [merged/combined] by clement attlee was in disarray .

The committee was seriously convinced of the benefits that must result from an institution to cultivate and teach veterinary medicine ; the object of this committee 's concern , and that of Vial , were one and the same ; and it was greatly to be desired that the two plans — that of the Odiham Agricultural Society and that of Vial — ( which may be termed the Alfort plan ) should be consolidated into one .
the committee was seriously convinced of the benefits that must result from an institution to cultivate and teach veterinary medicine ; the object of this committee 's concern , and that of vial , were one and the same ; and it was greatly to be desired that the two plans — that of the odiham agricultural society and that of vial — ( which may be termed the alfort plan ) should be [merged/combined] into one .

It would be part of the Foundation 's role in partnership at all levels to encourage development of networks where they do not already exist , and to reinforce them where they do — for greater consolidated strength and continuous intercommunication .
it would be part of the foundation 's role in partnership at all levels to encourage development of networks where they do not already exist , and to reinforce them where they do — for greater [merged/combined] strength and continuous intercommunication .

Apart from legislation , conditions of service for teachers have , over the years , been consolidated into what is known as the Burgundy Book .
apart from legislation , conditions of service for teachers have , over the years , been [merged/combined] into what is known as the burgundy book .

The Fourth Company Law Directive regulated the form and content of company accounts ; the Seventh Company Law Directive dealt with consolidated accounts ; and the Eighth Directive with the qualification of auditors .
the fourth company law directive regulated the form and content of company accounts ; the seventh company law directive dealt with [merged/combined] accounts ; and the eighth directive with the qualification of auditors .

The mine , owned by Carnon Consolidated , a subsidiary of Rio Tinto-Zinc , is a few kilometres south west of Truro near the tiny village of Baldhu .
the mine , owned by carnon [merged/combined] , a subsidiary of rio tinto-zinc , is a few kilometres south west of truro near the tiny village of baldhu .

Carnon Consolidated has applied for planning permission to extend underground by 2 kilometres toward another small settlement , Carharrack .
carnon [merged/combined] has applied for planning permission to extend underground by 2 kilometres toward another small settlement , carharrack .

Since taking over Wheal Jane from Consolidated Gold Fields in 1981 , Rio Tinto has spent several million pounds improving production methods .
since taking over wheal jane from [merged/combined] gold fields in 1981 , rio tinto has spent several million pounds improving production methods .

It is argued that whilst this tradition continues today it has been accelerated by the arrival of North Sea oil money and consolidated by the housing needs of incoming workers many of whom desire to own their own property .
it is argued that whilst this tradition continues today it has been accelerated by the arrival of north sea oil money and [merged/combined] by the housing needs of incoming workers many of whom desire to own their own property .

It should also be borne in mind that , in the current success of building surveying practice in the areas of project management — be the project new or refurbishment — and analysis of building performance , the medium through which these special skills are consolidated is client contact .
it should also be borne in mind that , in the current success of building surveying practice in the areas of project management — be the project new or refurbishment — and analysis of building performance , the medium through which these special skills are [merged/combined] is client contact .

Ferndown consolidated as the game progressed and the game was very finely balanced .
ferndown [merged/combined] as the game progressed and the game was very finely balanced .

Computing skills are consolidated and further developed .
computing skills are [merged/combined] and further developed .

It is usually appropriate to see patients one to three times per week at first ; sessions after this can be spaced out to provide continuing support as changes are consolidated .
it is usually appropriate to see patients one to three times per week at first ; sessions after this can be spaced out to provide continuing support as changes are [merged/combined] .

In the planning process , plans are prepared for each business unit which are consolidated into divisional plans which in turn are consolidated into the total corporate plan .
in the planning process , plans are prepared for each business unit which are [merged/combined] into divisional plans which in turn are [merged/combined] into the total corporate plan .

In technical language , the behaviour has been ‘ positively reinforced ’ and thus consolidated .
in technical language , the behaviour has been ‘ positively reinforced ’ and thus [merged/combined] .

Their appeals were consolidated on appeal to the Supreme Court .
their appeals were [merged/combined] on appeal to the supreme court .

They reorganized the army and consolidated power in the hands of family members at the expense of feudal leaders .
they reorganized the army and [merged/combined] power in the hands of family members at the expense of feudal leaders .

Union Pacific then consolidated its operations , eliminating the Las Vegas repair facility .
union pacific then [merged/combined] its operations , eliminating the las vegas repair facility .

Finally , in 1557 , they were all consolidated in Macau .
finally , in 1557 , they were all [merged/combined] in macau .

They consolidated their gains by building Antonine ’ s Wall across the waist of Scotland between the Firth of Forth and the River Clyde in about a.d. 150 .
they [merged/combined] their gains by building antonine ’ s wall across the waist of scotland between the firth of forth and the river clyde in about a.d. 150 .

He consolidated power at Thebes during his short reign .
he [merged/combined] power at thebes during his short reign .

Of the national rulers to take the title of sei-i tai-shogun ( “ barbarian-subduing great general ” ) , Minamoto expanded and consolidated his power by confiscating lands from some of the defeated Taira and redistributing them to his samurai vassals .
of the national rulers to take the title of sei-i tai-shogun ( “ barbarian-subduing great general ” ) , minamoto expanded and [merged/combined] his power by confiscating lands from some of the defeated taira and redistributing them to his samurai vassals .

Ferdinand and Isabella consolidated Christian rule by decreeing that all Jews—the banking and business experts—must adopt Catholicism or be exiled .
ferdinand and isabella [merged/combined] christian rule by decreeing that all jews—the banking and business experts—must adopt catholicism or be exiled .

Henríques consolidated his position by defeating the Moors at the Battle of Ourique in 1139 , and celebrated by naming himself the first king of Portugal .
henríques [merged/combined] his position by defeating the moors at the battle of ourique in 1139 , and celebrated by naming himself the first king of portugal .

His successor , Dom Dinis ( 1279–1325 ) , consolidated Portugal ’ s borders by constructing castles along the frontier with Castile .
his successor , dom dinis ( 1279–1325 ) , [merged/combined] portugal ’ s borders by constructing castles along the frontier with castile .

In 1998 , Portugal hosted the World Expo in Lisbon , and in 1999 , further consolidated its European membership by accepting the gradual introduction of the Euro , the single currency also adopted by Spain , Italy , Germany , France , and others .
in 1998 , portugal hosted the world expo in lisbon , and in 1999 , further [merged/combined] its european membership by accepting the gradual introduction of the euro , the single currency also adopted by spain , italy , germany , france , and others .

Instead , he consolidated the state by expanding eastward and accepting minority populations , including persecuted Jews from across Europe , into the predominantly Catholic nation .
instead , he [merged/combined] the state by expanding eastward and accepting minority populations , including persecuted jews from across europe , into the predominantly catholic nation .

Jaume I ( 1213–1276 ) , known as “ the Conqueror , ” consolidated control over the Balearic Islands and claimed Valencia .
jaume i ( 1213–1276 ) , known as “ the conqueror , ” [merged/combined] control over the balearic islands and claimed valencia .

In 1998 Portugal hosted the World Expo in Lisbon , and in 1999 further consolidated its European membership by accepting the gradual introduction of the Euro , the single currency also adopted by Spain , Italy , Germany , France , and others .
in 1998 portugal hosted the world expo in lisbon , and in 1999 further [merged/combined] its european membership by accepting the gradual introduction of the euro , the single currency also adopted by spain , italy , germany , france , and others .

Because of about $ 300,000 in cuts , Kentucky Legal Aid in Bowling Green is in the process of closing its Hopkinsville office and already has closed and consolidated others .
because of about $ 300,000 in cuts , kentucky legal aid in bowling green is in the process of closing its hopkinsville office and already has closed and [merged/combined] others .

There is likely to be considerable benefit over time from restructuring some of the homeland security functions , including reducing risk and improving the economy , efficiency , and effectiveness of these consolidated agencies and programs .
there is likely to be considerable benefit over time from restructuring some of the homeland security functions , including reducing risk and improving the economy , efficiency , and effectiveness of these [merged/combined] agencies and programs .

Often it has taken years for the consolidated functions in new departments to effectively build on their combined strengths , and it is not uncommon for these structures to remain as management challenges for decades .
often it has taken years for the [merged/combined] functions in new departments to effectively build on their combined strengths , and it is not uncommon for these structures to remain as management challenges for decades .

In another example , we have recommended combining the Department of Justice 's Office of Domestic Preparedness with FEMA to improve coordination.14 A consolidated approach to many of these issues can facilitate a concerted and effective response to new threats and mission performance .
in another example , we have recommended combining the department of justice 's office of domestic preparedness with fema to improve coordination.14 a [merged/combined] approach to many of these issues can facilitate a concerted and effective response to new threats and mission performance .

As a result of the sessions , the office consolidated the three divisions ' selfassessments and summarized the office 's `` strengths '' and `` opportunities for improvement '' in a report .
as a result of the sessions , the office [merged/combined] the three divisions ' selfassessments and summarized the office 's `` strengths '' and `` opportunities for improvement '' in a report .

He then rolls up these managers ' plans into a consolidated area action plan for which he is responsible .
he then rolls up these managers ' plans into a [merged/combined] area action plan for which he is responsible .

This served to further reduce competition in a profession of critical importance to the public that had already consolidated from eight to five major global firms .
this served to further reduce competition in a profession of critical importance to the public that had already [merged/combined] from eight to five major global firms .

In addition to these actions , GAO has voluntarily decided to express an opinion on internal controls and key compliance issues in connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the U.S. Government and various other federal entities .
in addition to these actions , gao has voluntarily decided to express an opinion on internal controls and key compliance issues in connection with our audit of the [merged/combined] financial statements of the u.s. government and various other federal entities .

Each of the six private sector finance organizations we visited consolidated , standardized , and reengineered routine processes , such as accounts payable , fixed asset accounting , and payroll at shared service centers .
each of the six private sector finance organizations we visited [merged/combined] , standardized , and reengineered routine processes , such as accounts payable , fixed asset accounting , and payroll at shared service centers .

Specifically , many leading organizations have ( 1 ) organized around core business processes to simplify work and flatten hierarchies , ( 2 ) consolidated certain transaction processing activities to gain economies of scale , and ( 3 ) moved functions , such as cost accounting and financial analysis , to the business units to support business units ' strategic planning and decisionmaking needs .
specifically , many leading organizations have ( 1 ) organized around core business processes to simplify work and flatten hierarchies , ( 2 ) [merged/combined] certain transaction processing activities to gain economies of scale , and ( 3 ) moved functions , such as cost accounting and financial analysis , to the business units to support business units ' strategic planning and decisionmaking needs .

Based on consultations with our advisory group and our case study entities , we consolidated and refined the factors to those presented in this guide .
based on consultations with our advisory group and our case study entities , we [merged/combined] and refined the factors to those presented in this guide .

Department of Veterans Affairs In 1930 , the Congress consolidated and coordinated various veterans ' programs with the establishment of the Veterans Administration .
department of veterans affairs in 1930 , the congress [merged/combined] and coordinated various veterans ' programs with the establishment of the veterans administration .

For example , VBA consolidated regional office operations by merging two divisions and creating teams with members from both functions who could process claims from beginning to end .
for example , vba [merged/combined] regional office operations by merging two divisions and creating teams with members from both functions who could process claims from beginning to end .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 [merged/combined] financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

If collected on behalf of the Government as a whole , it would be recognized in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements .
if collected on behalf of the government as a whole , it would be recognized in the government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements .

This term comes from the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 , which established these fees .
this term comes from the [merged/combined] omnibus budget reconciliation act of 1985 , which established these fees .

They are therefore accounted for as a custodial activity of the collecting entity and recognized as a nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements .
they are therefore accounted for as a custodial activity of the collecting entity and recognized as a nonexchange revenue in the government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements .

If transferred to the General Fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .
if transferred to the general fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .

If transferred to the General Fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .
if transferred to the general fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .

If the revenue is transferred to the General Fund , it is recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements .
if the revenue is transferred to the general fund , it is recognized as nonexchange revenue in the government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements .

Therefore , it should not be offset against the costs of the FCC in determining its net cost of operations or against the costs of the Government as a whole in Government-wide consolidated financial statements .
therefore , it should not be offset against the costs of the fcc in determining its net cost of operations or against the costs of the government as a whole in government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements .

The FCC should therefore account for this exchange revenue as a custodial activity , acting as an agent on behalf of the General Fund ; and it should be included as exchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements .
the fcc should therefore account for this exchange revenue as a custodial activity , acting as an agent on behalf of the general fund ; and it should be included as exchange revenue in the government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements .

If transferred to the General Fund , the interest is recognized as exchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements because it is related to the government 's cost of borrowing ; if transferred to another entity , it is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .
if transferred to the general fund , the interest is recognized as exchange revenue in the government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements because it is related to the government 's cost of borrowing ; if transferred to another entity , it is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .

The amount should be recognized as a gain or loss from exchange in order to offset it against the gross interest on Treasury debt in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements .
the amount should be recognized as a gain or loss from exchange in order to offset it against the gross interest on treasury debt in the government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements .

The amount should be recognized as a gain or loss from exchange in order to offset it against the gross interest on Treasury debt in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements .
the amount should be recognized as a gain or loss from exchange in order to offset it against the gross interest on treasury debt in the government-wide [merged/combined] financial statements .

Reporting on this stewardship responsibility may be accomplished in a stewardship section in the consolidated financial report of the Federal Government .
reporting on this stewardship responsibility may be accomplished in a stewardship section in the [merged/combined] financial report of the federal government .

This information , as indicated in each of the standards , will be designated as required supplementary stewardship information ( RSSI ) for the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government and of the entities who have stewardship responsibilities over resources identified earlier in this document .
this information , as indicated in each of the standards , will be designated as required supplementary stewardship information ( rssi ) for the [merged/combined] financial statements of the federal government and of the entities who have stewardship responsibilities over resources identified earlier in this document .

This standard requires that the consolidated financial reports12 of the Federal Government and the financial reports12 of its component units contain RSSI relating to :
this standard requires that the [merged/combined] financial reports12 of the federal government and the financial reports12 of its component units contain rssi relating to :

Because the financial reports of the Federal Government present the aggregation of information about stewardship investments and assets related to varied agencies and programs , further deliberations by the Board are needed to reach a decision on the amount and nature of information to be required under this standard for reporting in the consolidated financial report .
because the financial reports of the federal government present the aggregation of information about stewardship investments and assets related to varied agencies and programs , further deliberations by the board are needed to reach a decision on the amount and nature of information to be required under this standard for reporting in the [merged/combined] financial report .

Accordingly , except for the standard described in Chapter 8 , `` Current Service Assessment , '' the effective date of the stewardship standards as they apply to the consolidated financial report , is deferred pending that decision .
accordingly , except for the standard described in chapter 8 , `` current service assessment , '' the effective date of the stewardship standards as they apply to the [merged/combined] financial report , is deferred pending that decision .

In the interim , the consolidated financial reports should include such summary or selected information as is feasible .
in the interim , the [merged/combined] financial reports should include such summary or selected information as is feasible .

The terms `` financial statements '' and `` consolidated financial statements '' are used throughout this document to refer to the basic financial statements of a reporting entity ; the basic financial statements normally include : the balance sheet , the statements of net cost , changes in financial position , financing , budgetary resources , and custodial activities and the notes to the financial statements .
the terms `` financial statements '' and `` [merged/combined] financial statements '' are used throughout this document to refer to the basic financial statements of a reporting entity ; the basic financial statements normally include : the balance sheet , the statements of net cost , changes in financial position , financing , budgetary resources , and custodial activities and the notes to the financial statements .

The terms `` financial reports '' and `` consolidated financial reports '' are used to refer to a document which would include the financial statements but which would also include items such as : a management discussion and analysis section , a statement of program performance measures , required supplemental information or required supplementary stewardship information not included in the financial statements or other supplemental financial and management information .
the terms `` financial reports '' and `` [merged/combined] financial reports '' are used to refer to a document which would include the financial statements but which would also include items such as : a management discussion and analysis section , a statement of program performance measures , required supplemental information or required supplementary stewardship information not included in the financial statements or other supplemental financial and management information .

The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units .
the data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the [merged/combined] financial statements of the federal government but not in individual reports of its component units .

The CSA shall present flow data as described in the two preceding paragraphs for inclusion in the consolidated financial report of the US Government .
the csa shall present flow data as described in the two preceding paragraphs for inclusion in the [merged/combined] financial report of the us government .

EFFECTIVE DATE FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 129 .
effective date for [merged/combined] financial statements 129 .

In considering required reporting of stewardship information , the Board became increasingly aware of the need to be highly selective in proposing requirements for the consolidated financial report of the Federal Government .
in considering required reporting of stewardship information , the board became increasingly aware of the need to be highly selective in proposing requirements for the [merged/combined] financial report of the federal government .

Implementation problems are foreseen at the consolidated statement level because of differing measures .
implementation problems are foreseen at the [merged/combined] statement level because of differing measures .

The Board is concerned with the possibility of establishing requirements so detailed as to render the consolidated financial report unwieldy , unfriendly to the potential user and obfuscating of important information .
the board is concerned with the possibility of establishing requirements so detailed as to render the [merged/combined] financial report unwieldy , unfriendly to the potential user and obfuscating of important information .

Because of these possible implementation problems and the need to consider other disclosures or presentations , the Board expressed a desire for further deliberations relative to the consolidated financial report of the Federal Government .
because of these possible implementation problems and the need to consider other disclosures or presentations , the board expressed a desire for further deliberations relative to the [merged/combined] financial report of the federal government .

Accordingly , the effective date of this statement will be for fiscal years beginning after September 30 , 1997 as it relates to financial statements of component units of the Federal Government ; this same effective date applies to chapter 8 as it relates to the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government .
accordingly , the effective date of this statement will be for fiscal years beginning after september 30 , 1997 as it relates to financial statements of component units of the federal government ; this same effective date applies to chapter 8 as it relates to the [merged/combined] financial statements of the federal government .

The effective date of the statement as it applies to the consolidated financial statements , except for chapter 8 , is deferred pending further deliberations of the Board .
the effective date of the statement as it applies to the [merged/combined] financial statements , except for chapter 8 , is deferred pending further deliberations of the board .

In the interim , the consolidated financial reports should include such summary or selected information as is feasible .
in the interim , the [merged/combined] financial reports should include such summary or selected information as is feasible .

In developing the standards for stewardship reporting , the Board concentrated on providing guidance in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of Federal entities and for the consolidated financial reporting for the Nation .
in developing the standards for stewardship reporting , the board concentrated on providing guidance in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of federal entities and for the [merged/combined] financial reporting for the nation .

FASAB Consolidated Glossary ( Appendix E ) Capital leases ( where government is the lessor ) .
fasab [merged/combined] glossary ( appendix e ) capital leases ( where government is the lessor ) .

Consolidated Financial Statements .
[merged/combined] financial statements .

The two consolidated reports would be used to present each agency 's past financial and program performance and provide a roadmap for its future planning and budgeting actions .
the two [merged/combined] reports would be used to present each agency 's past financial and program performance and provide a roadmap for its future planning and budgeting actions .

Eighty-nine engineering regulations were thereby consolidated into 7 , and the number of pages of Corps ' regulations was reduced from 1,596 to 306 .
eighty-nine engineering regulations were thereby [merged/combined] into 7 , and the number of pages of corps ' regulations was reduced from 1,596 to 306 .

On the basis of their comments and our continuing reviews of leading organizations , we consolidated and refined the list of practices to those presented in this guide .
on the basis of their comments and our continuing reviews of leading organizations , we [merged/combined] and refined the list of practices to those presented in this guide .

This site also provides other useful information : for example , as part of the annual governmentwide consolidated financial audit , GAO 's Information Technology Team is involved with reporting on the effectiveness of controls for financial information systems at 24 major federal agencies .
this site also provides other useful information : for example , as part of the annual governmentwide [merged/combined] financial audit , gao 's information technology team is involved with reporting on the effectiveness of controls for financial information systems at 24 major federal agencies .

The Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 , Pub .
the omnibus [merged/combined] rescissions and appropriations act of 1996 , pub .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 audit ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial audit : 1997 [merged/combined] financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial audit : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial audit : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

In these instances , GAO may request that agency officials review the draft report in the presence of GAO staff and that these officials provide the agency 's consolidated comments at that time .
in these instances , gao may request that agency officials review the draft report in the presence of gao staff and that these officials provide the agency 's [merged/combined] comments at that time .

The project responds to the governor « s priority for consolidated agency projects , thereby ensuring high-level support for CIO efforts .
the project responds to the governor « s priority for [merged/combined] agency projects , thereby ensuring high-level support for cio efforts .

Human resources systems were consolidated and new corporate structures were quickly defined to ensure continued support to the enlarged customer base .
human resources systems were [merged/combined] and new corporate structures were quickly defined to ensure continued support to the enlarged customer base .

The act requires the Department of the Treasury to produce a consolidated financial statement for the federal government , which GAO is to audit annually .
the act requires the department of the treasury to produce a [merged/combined] financial statement for the federal government , which gao is to audit annually .

The restrictions at issue were part of a compromise set of restrictions enacted in the Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 ( 1996 Act ) , §504 , 110 Stat .
the restrictions at issue were part of a compromise set of restrictions enacted in the omnibus [merged/combined] rescissions and appropriations act of 1996 ( 1996 act ) , §504 , 110 stat .

Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 , Pub .
omnibus [merged/combined] rescissions and appropriations act of 1996 , pub .

Consolidated Appropria- tions Act , 2001 Pub .
[merged/combined] appropria- tions act , 2001 pub .

Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 § 503 ( e ) , Pub .
omnibus [merged/combined] rescissions and appropriations act of 1996 § 503 ( e ) , pub .

Section 504 ( a ) ( 16 ) of the Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 ( Appropriations Act ) defines the scope of a federal spending program .
section 504 ( a ) ( 16 ) of the omnibus [merged/combined] rescissions and appropriations act of 1996 ( appropriations act ) defines the scope of a federal spending program .

Omnibus Consolidated Recissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 , tit .
omnibus [merged/combined] recissions and appropriations act of 1996 , tit .

Omnibus Consolidated Recissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 , Pub .
omnibus [merged/combined] recissions and appropriations act of 1996 , pub .

Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act , 1999 , Pub .
omnibus [merged/combined] and emergency supplemental appropriations act , 1999 , pub .

After years of effort , 10 basic field service areas have been consolidated into five .
after years of effort , 10 basic field service areas have been [merged/combined] into five .

The state 's 14 service areas have been consolidated into a much more manageable six .
the state 's 14 service areas have been [merged/combined] into a much more manageable six .

They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively ; they took advantage of technology advances to improve intake systems ; they expanded the network of stakeholders to increase the support and guidance available to service providers .
they [merged/combined] programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively ; they took advantage of technology advances to improve intake systems ; they expanded the network of stakeholders to increase the support and guidance available to service providers .

Unlike the Postal Service 's model , all stop types and mail classes are consolidated .
unlike the postal service 's model , all stop types and mail classes are [merged/combined] .

There it should be consolidated with the capabilities for training , direction , and execution of such operations already being developed in the Special Operations Command .
there it should be [merged/combined] with the capabilities for training , direction , and execution of such operations already being developed in the special operations command .

The current patchwork of border screening systems , including several frequent traveler programs , should be consolidated with the USVISIT system to enable the development of an integrated system , which in turn can become part of the wider screening plan we suggest .
the current patchwork of border screening systems , including several frequent traveler programs , should be [merged/combined] with the usvisit system to enable the development of an integrated system , which in turn can become part of the wider screening plan we suggest .

Recommendation : At this time of increased and consolidated government authority , there should be a board within the executive branch to oversee adherence to the guidelines we recommend and the commitment the government makes to defend our civil liberties .
recommendation : at this time of increased and [merged/combined] government authority , there should be a board within the executive branch to oversee adherence to the guidelines we recommend and the commitment the government makes to defend our civil liberties .

Nobel-Prize-winning experimental work conducted by David Hubel and Torsten Wiesel in the late 1950s consolidated this notion with the discovery that individual neurons in the visual cortex can be characterized as simple line detectors , i.e. , that they are most active when a line of a particular orientation is found in a particular part of the visual world [ 4 ] .
nobel-prize-winning experimental work conducted by david hubel and torsten wiesel in the late 1950s [merged/combined] this notion with the discovery that individual neurons in the visual cortex can be characterized as simple line detectors , i.e. , that they are most active when a line of a particular orientation is found in a particular part of the visual world [ 4 ] .

Charlotte 's whites could flee to private schools ( and some did ) , but because the county had consolidated its school system in 1960 the outlying areas as well as the inner cities were embraced in the busing blueprint .
charlotte 's whites could flee to private schools ( and some did ) , but because the county had [merged/combined] its school system in 1960 the outlying areas as well as the inner cities were embraced in the busing blueprint .

Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf consolidated power in Pakistan by imposing martial law , dismissing the parliament , suspending the constitution , and proclaiming himself chief executive .
gen. pervaiz musharraf [merged/combined] power in pakistan by imposing martial law , dismissing the parliament , suspending the constitution , and proclaiming himself chief executive .

Imagine , if you will , a world in which all tabloid media is consolidated under one owner .
imagine , if you will , a world in which all tabloid media is [merged/combined] under one owner .

To take a purely hypothetical example , perhaps we might actually see a serious piece on what Ron Perelman , head of Revlon , has done to many of the companies ( Marvel Entertainment , Coleman , Consolidated Cigar , Revlon itself ) he 's been in charge of .
to take a purely hypothetical example , perhaps we might actually see a serious piece on what ron perelman , head of revlon , has done to many of the companies ( marvel entertainment , coleman , [merged/combined] cigar , revlon itself ) he 's been in charge of .

While trustbusters called him the devil , Rockefeller looked upon himself as a saver of corporate souls who consolidated an unruly business and did away with redundancy .
while trustbusters called him the devil , rockefeller looked upon himself as a saver of corporate souls who [merged/combined] an unruly business and did away with redundancy .

What 's now Sara Lee used to be Consolidated Foods .
what 's now sara lee used to be [merged/combined] foods .

Last week , Landry 's agreed to buy Consolidated Restaurants for $ 84 million in stock and $ 80 million in assumed debt , giving Landry 's control over The Spaghetti Warehouse .
last week , landry 's agreed to buy [merged/combined] restaurants for $ 84 million in stock and $ 80 million in assumed debt , giving landry 's control over the spaghetti warehouse .

Time 's cover profile of Madeleine Albright defends her Kosovo policy from charges of poor planning and incoherence , and tallies her successes instead : She consolidated European support for airstrikes at Rambouillet , has deftly cultivated consensus among NATO 's member countries , and is drafting a `` mini-Marshall Plan '' to restore stability to the Balkans .
time 's cover profile of madeleine albright defends her kosovo policy from charges of poor planning and incoherence , and tallies her successes instead : she [merged/combined] european support for airstrikes at rambouillet , has deftly cultivated consensus among nato 's member countries , and is drafting a `` mini-marshall plan '' to restore stability to the balkans .

Using violence , anti-colonial rhetoric , and a cult of personality , Mobutu consolidated his power and suppressed tribal tensions .
using violence , anti-colonial rhetoric , and a cult of personality , mobutu [merged/combined] his power and suppressed tribal tensions .

The most Soviet of the former Soviet republics , it is ruled by Alexander Lukashenko , a dictator who recently consolidated his personal control over the country 's media and secret police .
the most soviet of the former soviet republics , it is ruled by alexander lukashenko , a dictator who recently [merged/combined] his personal control over the country 's media and secret police .

Reich says , in his prefatory note , that he jotted notes to himself , `` usually late at night , '' and then consolidated them to make the book .
reich says , in his prefatory note , that he jotted notes to himself , `` usually late at night , '' and then [merged/combined] them to make the book .

Regardless of anything to the contrary in this booklet , if your medical insurance terminates for any reason including death , you ... may elect within 30 days ... to continue such medical insurance ... . [ From Group Insurance for 1-14 Employees , Consolidated Group Trust , The Hartford , p .
regardless of anything to the contrary in this booklet , if your medical insurance terminates for any reason including death , you ... may elect within 30 days ... to continue such medical insurance ... . [ from group insurance for 1-14 employees , [merged/combined] group trust , the hartford , p .

Regardless of anything to the contrary in this booklet , if your medical insurance terminates for any reason including death , you ... may elect within 30 days ... to continue such medical insurance ... [ From Group Insurance for 1-14 Employees , Consolidated Group Trust , The Hartford , p .
regardless of anything to the contrary in this booklet , if your medical insurance terminates for any reason including death , you ... may elect within 30 days ... to continue such medical insurance ... [ from group insurance for 1-14 employees , [merged/combined] group trust , the hartford , p .

