Mayer Goldberg , attorney for election judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward , argued this procedure constituted intimidation .
mayer goldberg , attorney for election judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward , argued this procedure [formed] intimidation .

He said this constituted a `` very serious misuse '' of the Criminal court processes .
he said this [formed] a `` very serious misuse '' of the criminal court processes .

`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court .
`` actually , the abuse of the process may have [formed] a contempt of the criminal court of cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said karns , who is a city judge in east st. louis sitting in cook county court .

) The court first ruled that the strike constituted only an indirect interference with commerce .
) the court first ruled that the strike [formed] only an indirect interference with commerce .

What in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who constituted the nation .
what in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who [formed] the nation .

These Seven Founders constituted an intellectual and social elite , the most respectable and disinterested leadership any revolution ever confessed .
these seven founders [formed] an intellectual and social elite , the most respectable and disinterested leadership any revolution ever confessed .

The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of society's members .
the ontological status of society thus is [formed] by the psychological status of society's members .

regarded from the inside , it is the carrying into action of a certain thought The historian's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather rethink the thoughts which constituted them .
regarded from the inside , it is the carrying into action of a certain thought the historian's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather rethink the thoughts which [formed] them .

When , in March , 1640 , the two towns were united under Coddington , Gorton claimed the union was irregular and illegally constituted and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of freeholders .
when , in march , 1640 , the two towns were united under coddington , gorton claimed the union was irregular and illegally [formed] and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of freeholders .

that these products constituted a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the Clayton Act ; ;
that these products [formed] a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the clayton act ; ;

My mother constituted herself the voice of all of us .
my mother [formed] herself the voice of all of us .

And then if that was n't exciting enough , Swindon fell foul of the new back pass rule , although Swindon would n't agree this panic clearence constituted a back pass ?
and then if that was n't exciting enough , swindon fell foul of the new back pass rule , although swindon would n't agree this panic clearence [formed] a back pass ?

Well we erm , in the sense that they must be legally constituted .
well we erm , in the sense that they must be legally [formed] .

The First Division of the Court of Session so held in refusing a reclaiming motion by property valuers against the Lord Ordinary 's decision that a mortgage application form containing a disclaimer in respect of their liability to Derek and Margaret Melrose constituted a contract .
the first division of the court of session so held in refusing a reclaiming motion by property valuers against the lord ordinary 's decision that a mortgage application form containing a disclaimer in respect of their liability to derek and margaret melrose [formed] a contract .

Mind you , what constituted Brian Stirling 's conception of ‘ ten metres back ’ was the strangest thing in terms of a referee 's estimation of distance since Honest John Phelps decreed that the 1877 Boat Race was ‘ a dead-heat to Oxford by six feet !
mind you , what [formed] brian stirling 's conception of ‘ ten metres back ’ was the strangest thing in terms of a referee 's estimation of distance since honest john phelps decreed that the 1877 boat race was ‘ a dead-heat to oxford by six feet !

Temple defined the relationships which constituted our real wealth as existing in terms of family , community and nation .
temple defined the relationships which [formed] our real wealth as existing in terms of family , community and nation .

His appearance at the Scottish Professional Championship at Dalmahoy from 20 to 23 May will be his first on the Tartan Tour as it is now constituted , though he played in the Northern Open at Nairn in 1964 .
his appearance at the scottish professional championship at dalmahoy from 20 to 23 may will be his first on the tartan tour as it is now [formed] , though he played in the northern open at nairn in 1964 .

Because it relies entirely on voluntary effort , the Association as currently constituted is not able to face a major expansion without help from the University .
because it relies entirely on voluntary effort , the association as currently [formed] is not able to face a major expansion without help from the university .

But in the golden years institutionalized pay bargaining constituted one of the transmission mechanisms through which the requirements of accumulation , and the competitive struggles bred by them , generated the necessary real wage increases .
but in the golden years institutionalized pay bargaining [formed] one of the transmission mechanisms through which the requirements of accumulation , and the competitive struggles bred by them , generated the necessary real wage increases .

Small-scale industry constituted a huge ‘ tail ’ of ancient means of production which could be scrapped without jeopardizing profits in modern enterprises .
small-scale industry [formed] a huge ‘ tail ’ of ancient means of production which could be scrapped without jeopardizing profits in modern enterprises .

But even at their early fifties peak , these funds constituted only 7 per cent of industrial finance ( 12 per cent of that raised outside the firm ) .
but even at their early fifties peak , these funds [formed] only 7 per cent of industrial finance ( 12 per cent of that raised outside the firm ) .

This constituted the formal abandonment of the second and , since the suspension of dollar/gold convertibility in 1971 , the only remaining basic principle of the Bretton Woods system which was thus now dead .
this [formed] the formal abandonment of the second and , since the suspension of dollar/gold convertibility in 1971 , the only remaining basic principle of the bretton woods system which was thus now dead .

The additional exports required to earn the extra foreign exchange constituted a drain from domestic incomes .
the additional exports required to earn the extra foreign exchange [formed] a drain from domestic incomes .

Well we 've had the government 's er White Paper , that 's now become an Act of Parliament , and in accordance with that er Parliamentary decision , all the nineteen ninety two District Health Authorities in the Country , er are newly constituted .
well we 've had the government 's er white paper , that 's now become an act of parliament , and in accordance with that er parliamentary decision , all the nineteen ninety two district health authorities in the country , er are newly [formed] .

Opposition councillors supported the so-called Option 3 which earmarked Finchlea and Oakfield for closure as presently constituted but left the door open for the working party to propose further use in the search for improved service for post-19 year olds .
opposition councillors supported the so-called option 3 which earmarked finchlea and oakfield for closure as presently [formed] but left the door open for the working party to propose further use in the search for improved service for post-19 year olds .

In his opinion , ‘ the fact that Verdun still remained in our hands on February 25th constituted a real success ’ .
in his opinion , ‘ the fact that verdun still remained in our hands on february 25th [formed] a real success ’ .

Selected to lead this desperate attack was the elegant Lt-Colonel Macker , whose upswept moustachios seem to epitomise all the pride , spartanism , tradition and fanatical courage that constituted the St. Cyrien of pre-1914 France .
selected to lead this desperate attack was the elegant lt-colonel macker , whose upswept moustachios seem to epitomise all the pride , spartanism , tradition and fanatical courage that [formed] the st. cyrien of pre-1914 france .

But he did rather cynically produce a proposal that the laibon ( or chief religious authority ) of the Tanganyika Masai , and his ‘ chosen men ’ , the laigwenak , should be constituted a Masai Native Authority .
but he did rather cynically produce a proposal that the laibon ( or chief religious authority ) of the tanganyika masai , and his ‘ chosen men ’ , the laigwenak , should be [formed] a masai native authority .

Only 1.5 per cent of the actual enforcement decisions constituted prosecution , and of these cases all pleaded guilty and were fined on average only £50 .
only 1.5 per cent of the actual enforcement decisions [formed] prosecution , and of these cases all pleaded guilty and were fined on average only £50 .

This , said Sutherland , constituted recidivism .
this , said sutherland , [formed] recidivism .

Thus , if the corporations in their study were divided into three groups depending on the size of their annual sales , then they calculated that those with sales over $ 1 billion constituted 42 per cent of all corporations but committed nearly three-quarters of not only all violations but all serious violations , whereas those small firms with sales with less than half a billion dollars constituted nearly one-third of firms analysed but only committed less than 10 per cent of all violations .
thus , if the corporations in their study were divided into three groups depending on the size of their annual sales , then they calculated that those with sales over $ 1 billion [formed] 42 per cent of all corporations but committed nearly three-quarters of not only all violations but all serious violations , whereas those small firms with sales with less than half a billion dollars [formed] nearly one-third of firms analysed but only committed less than 10 per cent of all violations .

The detractors say they are relative newcomers who would have constituted a gamble .
the detractors say they are relative newcomers who would have [formed] a gamble .

‘ That high dosage , when coupled with the enema constituted an overdose .
‘ that high dosage , when coupled with the enema [formed] an overdose .

As such , it has not hitherto constituted a particularly significant form of protest either numerically or politically .
as such , it has not hitherto [formed] a particularly significant form of protest either numerically or politically .

Of course it by no means follows that the courts themselves are any less immune from the risks of unfairness or inefficiency in their pursuit of policy objectives , especially as currently constituted .
of course it by no means follows that the courts themselves are any less immune from the risks of unfairness or inefficiency in their pursuit of policy objectives , especially as currently [formed] .

The Parliament Act 1911 still recites that ‘ it is intended to substitute for the House of Lords as it at present exists a Second Chamber constituted on a popular instead of hereditary basis ’ and explains the Act itself as a temporary measure pending such a substitution .
the parliament act 1911 still recites that ‘ it is intended to substitute for the house of lords as it at present exists a second chamber [formed] on a popular instead of hereditary basis ’ and explains the act itself as a temporary measure pending such a substitution .

It is extremely improbable where , as is normally the case , that majority is constituted by a single party which , ex hypothesi , has been successful under the existing voting system and therefore lacks any great incentive to change it .
it is extremely improbable where , as is normally the case , that majority is [formed] by a single party which , ex hypothesi , has been successful under the existing voting system and therefore lacks any great incentive to change it .

( 3 ) Select committees — committees constituted ad hoc for a special purpose , an unusual step in the case of Public Bills .
( 3 ) select committees — committees [formed] ad hoc for a special purpose , an unusual step in the case of public bills .

If one takes wines such as these together with the inevitably ill-fated attempts to make a red wine from black grapes grown in a climate barely hospitable enough to ripen a grape , let alone colour it , a wealth of curiously coloured , clouded wines must have constituted the norm , despite a half-hidden glint of pink or red in a few instances .
if one takes wines such as these together with the inevitably ill-fated attempts to make a red wine from black grapes grown in a climate barely hospitable enough to ripen a grape , let alone colour it , a wealth of curiously coloured , clouded wines must have [formed] the norm , despite a half-hidden glint of pink or red in a few instances .

Luring Gatting down the track at Ilford and shivering timber constituted something of a coup , as does Graham Gooch 's belief that Shahid will one day succeed ‘ Charlie ’ Childs as the second Chelmsford twirler .
luring gatting down the track at ilford and shivering timber [formed] something of a coup , as does graham gooch 's belief that shahid will one day succeed ‘ charlie ’ childs as the second chelmsford twirler .

George Tribe bowls to Bill Edrich at Sydney during the 1946–47 Ashes series . Tribe 's three appearances in that rubber constituted his entire Test career
george tribe bowls to bill edrich at sydney during the 1946–47 ashes series . tribe 's three appearances in that rubber [formed] his entire test career

5 million ) indicates that a far higher proportion of children spend part of their childhood in a lone-parent family than such a figure indicates , and that some children may spend repeated periods of time in a lone parent family , or in a newly constituted family .
5 million ) indicates that a far higher proportion of children spend part of their childhood in a lone-parent family than such a figure indicates , and that some children may spend repeated periods of time in a lone parent family , or in a newly [formed] family .

What constituted beauty ?
what [formed] beauty ?

It had never been fully constituted or trained as a squadron , but it had achieved most creditable results nonetheless , with over 100 victories plus many more probables and damaged .
it had never been fully [formed] or trained as a squadron , but it had achieved most creditable results nonetheless , with over 100 victories plus many more probables and damaged .

While Zulfikar Ghose 's textual playfulness can be vexatious , even baffling , it insists on the partial , unreliable nature of memory itself , or , as Urim puts it , ‘ the enormous accumulation of fragments , lik images in a shattered mirror , which constituted my life ’ .
while zulfikar ghose 's textual playfulness can be vexatious , even baffling , it insists on the partial , unreliable nature of memory itself , or , as urim puts it , ‘ the enormous accumulation of fragments , lik images in a shattered mirror , which [formed] my life ’ .

Also there were major repairs to property to decide on , as well as seasonal considerations , and orders to transmit , with regard to land use of many thousands of acres , the annual survey of cattle and horse stock and especially the great sheep-hirsels in the Lammermuir Hills , the wool from which , largely exported to Flanders and the Low Countries from Berwick-on-Tweed , constituted the lordship 's principal source of wealth .
also there were major repairs to property to decide on , as well as seasonal considerations , and orders to transmit , with regard to land use of many thousands of acres , the annual survey of cattle and horse stock and especially the great sheep-hirsels in the lammermuir hills , the wool from which , largely exported to flanders and the low countries from berwick-on-tweed , [formed] the lordship 's principal source of wealth .

For governments , councils , local authorities , charities , clubs and customers established under some other legal criteria you need their full name , any relevant reference or registration number , and details of how they are constituted .
for governments , councils , local authorities , charities , clubs and customers established under some other legal criteria you need their full name , any relevant reference or registration number , and details of how they are [formed] .

Such as it was , it constituted a public place , and he could no longer guarantee himself the seclusion and privacy of the deserted churchyard .
such as it was , it [formed] a public place , and he could no longer guarantee himself the seclusion and privacy of the deserted churchyard .

In view of the fact that £20 constituted the base line for richer taxpayers , it is difficult to explain why mere husbandmen , who typically were small farmers , should have formed three-quarters of the £20-£39 class , far outnumbering yeomen , businessmen , and even gentlemen .
in view of the fact that £20 [formed] the base line for richer taxpayers , it is difficult to explain why mere husbandmen , who typically were small farmers , should have formed three-quarters of the £20-£39 class , far outnumbering yeomen , businessmen , and even gentlemen .

In some respects Kerrier may have constituted an exception , yet although the mean of £4.4 per head may need scaling down to take account of the multitude of labourers discovered and roped in for the subsidy , upwards of seven-tenths of the assessments made in 1522 were at £2 — £4 .
in some respects kerrier may have [formed] an exception , yet although the mean of £4.4 per head may need scaling down to take account of the multitude of labourers discovered and roped in for the subsidy , upwards of seven-tenths of the assessments made in 1522 were at £2 — £4 .

Some effects of the historical struggle against the domination of the abbey might arguably have persisted — the town was not incorporated until 1553 — though its evident prosperity shows that this no longer constituted a serious handicap .
some effects of the historical struggle against the domination of the abbey might arguably have persisted — the town was not incorporated until 1553 — though its evident prosperity shows that this no longer [formed] a serious handicap .

This shift from a conflictual dyadic political structure is not simply a question of historical change , of the recent appearance of ‘ minorities ’ : after all the slave was already constituted simultaneously according to different groups ( for example male or female ) , the Lumpenproletariat always had to be excluded .
this shift from a conflictual dyadic political structure is not simply a question of historical change , of the recent appearance of ‘ minorities ’ : after all the slave was already [formed] simultaneously according to different groups ( for example male or female ) , the lumpenproletariat always had to be excluded .

This structure is not , as might at first be imagined , derived from a fantasy of power relations modelled on a medieval joust but from the phenomenological account of the constitution of knowledge that works according to the structure of a subject perceiving an object , a same/other dialectic in which the other is first constituted by the same through its negation as other before being incorporated within it .
this structure is not , as might at first be imagined , derived from a fantasy of power relations modelled on a medieval joust but from the phenomenological account of the constitution of knowledge that works according to the structure of a subject perceiving an object , a same/other dialectic in which the other is first [formed] by the same through its negation as other before being incorporated within it .

The difficulties which arise from this structure are familiar from the debates in feminism , where , woman , seems to be offered an alternative of either being the ‘ other ’ as constituted by man , that is , conforming to the stereotypes of patriarchy , or , if she is to avoid this , of being an absolute ‘ other ’ outside knowledge , necessarily confined to inarticulate expressions of mysticism or jouissance .
the difficulties which arise from this structure are familiar from the debates in feminism , where , woman , seems to be offered an alternative of either being the ‘ other ’ as [formed] by man , that is , conforming to the stereotypes of patriarchy , or , if she is to avoid this , of being an absolute ‘ other ’ outside knowledge , necessarily confined to inarticulate expressions of mysticism or jouissance .

As we have seen , the fundamental problem concerns the way in which knowledge — and therefore theory , or history — is constituted through the comprehension and incorporation of the other .
as we have seen , the fundamental problem concerns the way in which knowledge — and therefore theory , or history — is [formed] through the comprehension and incorporation of the other .

This surplus is the effect of the radical alterity of the other , whether as ‘ face ’ or as death , which prevents the totality from being constituted as such .
this surplus is the effect of the radical alterity of the other , whether as ‘ face ’ or as death , which prevents the totality from being [formed] as such .

Whereas Levinas , like Habermas , posits an authentic language of expression which abhors the distortions of ‘ rhetoric ’ , Derrida argues that such alterity is constituted not through dialogue but rather through the operation of language itself : Levinas ' transcendence-as-surplus is therefore redefined as a Derridean supplement .
whereas levinas , like habermas , posits an authentic language of expression which abhors the distortions of ‘ rhetoric ’ , derrida argues that such alterity is [formed] not through dialogue but rather through the operation of language itself : levinas ' transcendence-as-surplus is therefore redefined as a derridean supplement .

So in the past few hundred years Europe has been , as Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak has suggested , constituted and consolidated as ‘ sovereign subject , indeed sovereign and subject ’ .
so in the past few hundred years europe has been , as gayatri chakravorty spivak has suggested , [formed] and consolidated as ‘ sovereign subject , indeed sovereign and subject ’ .

consolidated itself as sovereign subject by defining its colonies as ‘ Others ’ , even as it constituted them , for purposes of administration and the expansion of markets , into programmed near-images of that very sovereign self .
consolidated itself as sovereign subject by defining its colonies as ‘ others ’ , even as it [formed] them , for purposes of administration and the expansion of markets , into programmed near-images of that very sovereign self .

It is this sovereign self of Europe which is today being deconstructed , showing the extent to which Europe 's other has been a narcissistic self-image through which it has constituted itself while never allowing it to achieve a perfect fit .
it is this sovereign self of europe which is today being deconstructed , showing the extent to which europe 's other has been a narcissistic self-image through which it has [formed] itself while never allowing it to achieve a perfect fit .

Insofar as ‘ History ’ names the horizon of totalization of those ethico-political meanings that point in the direction of social change , it here not only loses its single meaning , but threatens to lose even the bases on which its meaning is constituted .
insofar as ‘ history ’ names the horizon of totalization of those ethico-political meanings that point in the direction of social change , it here not only loses its single meaning , but threatens to lose even the bases on which its meaning is [formed] .

That Marxist conception is , of course , the Althusserian one : in Althusser 's reading of Marx the unity of the whole is precisely not that of the Hegelian — and Sartrean — expressive totality ; rather it is constituted through overdetermination , through :
that marxist conception is , of course , the althusserian one : in althusser 's reading of marx the unity of the whole is precisely not that of the hegelian — and sartrean — expressive totality ; rather it is [formed] through overdetermination , through :

Such histories are constituted according to a Saussurian differential relation .
such histories are [formed] according to a saussurian differential relation .

Althusser suggests that although Marxist history is defined as a theory of the modes of production , Marx did not give us any theory of how the transition was effected from one mode of production to another , nor of how each mode of production was constituted .
althusser suggests that although marxist history is defined as a theory of the modes of production , marx did not give us any theory of how the transition was effected from one mode of production to another , nor of how each mode of production was [formed] .

In the first instance , therefore , he focuses not on history as such but on the related problem of hermeneutics and historical understanding : history here becomes a problem of meaning and interpretation — ‘ the age already in the past is in fact constituted in every respect as a text ’ .
in the first instance , therefore , he focuses not on history as such but on the related problem of hermeneutics and historical understanding : history here becomes a problem of meaning and interpretation — ‘ the age already in the past is in fact [formed] in every respect as a text ’ .

Derrida contends that if madness is constituted as madness , as other , by reason , then this means that reason is itself defined through it and therefore already contains and depends upon it .
derrida contends that if madness is [formed] as madness , as other , by reason , then this means that reason is itself defined through it and therefore already contains and depends upon it .

Two possibilities were developed to deal with man 's new homelessness in the world , his exposure , as Foucault puts it , to the finitude of the event , which attempted to draw all these heterogeneous histories together again : either men sought for some fundamental law through which a new general history could be constituted , or historicity as such was defined in terms of ‘ man ’ — whether as progress , economic laws , or cultural totalities .
two possibilities were developed to deal with man 's new homelessness in the world , his exposure , as foucault puts it , to the finitude of the event , which attempted to draw all these heterogeneous histories together again : either men sought for some fundamental law through which a new general history could be [formed] , or historicity as such was defined in terms of ‘ man ’ — whether as progress , economic laws , or cultural totalities .

In Discipline and Punish Foucault demonstrates how the individual is constituted through specific technologies of power ; in the History of Sexuality , he shows the extent to which the human sciences , including medicine and the practice of psychoanalysis , facilitated the extension of control beyond the limits of the body in the construction of the inner realms of subjectivity , consciousness and experience .
in discipline and punish foucault demonstrates how the individual is [formed] through specific technologies of power ; in the history of sexuality , he shows the extent to which the human sciences , including medicine and the practice of psychoanalysis , facilitated the extension of control beyond the limits of the body in the construction of the inner realms of subjectivity , consciousness and experience .

In the essay ‘ Theatum philosophicum ’ ( 1970 ) , written shortly after the Archaeology , Foucault attempts to avoid the snares of the problem of the relation of the event to the totality , or the particular to the general , that beset both Sartre and Althusser , by arguing that the event as event is only constituted through its repetition in thought as a ‘ phantasm ’ : ‘ it makes the event indefinite so that it repeats itself as a singular universal ’ .
in the essay ‘ theatum philosophicum ’ ( 1970 ) , written shortly after the archaeology , foucault attempts to avoid the snares of the problem of the relation of the event to the totality , or the particular to the general , that beset both sartre and althusser , by arguing that the event as event is only [formed] through its repetition in thought as a ‘ phantasm ’ : ‘ it makes the event indefinite so that it repeats itself as a singular universal ’ .

His Deleuzian notion of the phantasmatic event constituted a brief attempt to reformulate the relation of the particular to the general as a problem of history .
his deleuzian notion of the phantasmatic event [formed] a brief attempt to reformulate the relation of the particular to the general as a problem of history .

The number of teachers employed in state secondary schools was such that while women constituted 45 per cent of the teaching force ?
the number of teachers employed in state secondary schools was such that while women [formed] 45 per cent of the teaching force ?

The existing brick bungalow , to the north of the chapel , which constituted the lunatic wards in the 1916 plan should , they suggested , be adapted for the isolation of cases of puerperal fever ( a general term including ‘ the several affections which may occur as a direct result of childbirth ’ ) .
the existing brick bungalow , to the north of the chapel , which [formed] the lunatic wards in the 1916 plan should , they suggested , be adapted for the isolation of cases of puerperal fever ( a general term including ‘ the several affections which may occur as a direct result of childbirth ’ ) .

Discourses are not just constituted by what is and is not written ; other signification systems are involved .
discourses are not just [formed] by what is and is not written ; other signification systems are involved .

This is inevitable if an issue is to be constituted in terms of legal discourse .
this is inevitable if an issue is to be [formed] in terms of legal discourse .

Clients bring many issues to the solicitor , expressed and constituted in terms of a variety of everyday discourses .
clients bring many issues to the solicitor , expressed and [formed] in terms of a variety of everyday discourses .

Various materials , particularly those data constituted by research , should be used to identify these practices .
various materials , particularly those data [formed] by research , should be used to identify these practices .

‘ The unity they constitute in this ‘ fusion ’ into a revolutionary rupture , is constituted by their own essence and effectivity , by what they are , and according to the specific modalities of their action .
‘ the unity they constitute in this ‘ fusion ’ into a revolutionary rupture , is [formed] by their own essence and effectivity , by what they are , and according to the specific modalities of their action .

They must be seen not as social groups constituted by individuals , but as positions constituted by the conflicting interests which are an integral part of a particular mode of production .
they must be seen not as social groups [formed] by individuals , but as positions [formed] by the conflicting interests which are an integral part of a particular mode of production .

To regard them as rival teams which are first constituted and then begin to play against each other is a serious mistake .
to regard them as rival teams which are first [formed] and then begin to play against each other is a serious mistake .

And as one of Althusser 's commentators reminds us , ‘ Not only is there no special reason to believe that the subjects constituted and distributed by these mechanisms should be constituted so as to ‘ understand ’ the mechanisms by which they are constituted but , on the contrary , it is a condition of operation of many of the mechanisms that they are not understood by the subjects they ‘ constitute ’ .
and as one of althusser 's commentators reminds us , ‘ not only is there no special reason to believe that the subjects [formed] and distributed by these mechanisms should be [formed] so as to ‘ understand ’ the mechanisms by which they are [formed] but , on the contrary , it is a condition of operation of many of the mechanisms that they are not understood by the subjects they ‘ constitute ’ .

An analysis of interpellation and legitimation which would underpin the central claim that subjects are constituted by ideology is thus striking for its absence .
an analysis of interpellation and legitimation which would underpin the central claim that subjects are [formed] by ideology is thus striking for its absence .

This is intended , as we saw , to counter explanations of social phenomena grounded in a theory of human nature : there are no essential human traits of interest to social theorists since subjects are constituted by the structured totality .
this is intended , as we saw , to counter explanations of social phenomena grounded in a theory of human nature : there are no essential human traits of interest to social theorists since subjects are [formed] by the structured totality .

For example , if the only way to be a subject is to be constituted by the existing ISAs , how are we to explain the fact that a theorist such as Connolly is so convinced of the necessity of intentional subjecthood , while Althusser views it as a contingency ?
for example , if the only way to be a subject is to be [formed] by the existing isas , how are we to explain the fact that a theorist such as connolly is so convinced of the necessity of intentional subjecthood , while althusser views it as a contingency ?

If we are constituted as subjects by the totalities we inhabit , then our beliefs about the divide between science and ideology ( Althusser 's included ) will be determined too , and we can not expect to arrive at an impartial , objective view of it .
if we are [formed] as subjects by the totalities we inhabit , then our beliefs about the divide between science and ideology ( althusser 's included ) will be determined too , and we can not expect to arrive at an impartial , objective view of it .

Its distinguishing characteristics are first the view that a class is partly constituted by the perceptions of its members , and second the belief , held either tacitly or openly , that the passage of history is marked by the growth of class consciousness , until a point in the future when an enlightened proletariat will be able to grasp its real interests and make its own history .
its distinguishing characteristics are first the view that a class is partly [formed] by the perceptions of its members , and second the belief , held either tacitly or openly , that the passage of history is marked by the growth of class consciousness , until a point in the future when an enlightened proletariat will be able to grasp its real interests and make its own history .

We are told that ‘ the economic existence of the small-holding peasants is reflected , on the political level , by the ‘ pertinent effects ’ constituted by the particular form of state of Bonapartism ’ .
we are told that ‘ the economic existence of the small-holding peasants is reflected , on the political level , by the ‘ pertinent effects ’ [formed] by the particular form of state of bonapartism ’ .

The theory , as eventually set forth ( 1868 ) , was constituted by two theses : that the generative material comes from all over the parent body or bodies , and that it consists of minute ‘ gemmules ’ budded off from every part .
the theory , as eventually set forth ( 1868 ) , was [formed] by two theses : that the generative material comes from all over the parent body or bodies , and that it consists of minute ‘ gemmules ’ budded off from every part .

That day , April 29 , twenty Spitfires were safely delivered to Renfrew with one each on April 30 and May 1 for a total of 52 aircraft which constituted 100 % of the complement assigned for the second delivery to Malta .
that day , april 29 , twenty spitfires were safely delivered to renfrew with one each on april 30 and may 1 for a total of 52 aircraft which [formed] 100 % of the complement assigned for the second delivery to malta .

Included in the small collection of buildings that constituted the training field there was a mortuary and the pilots had a rota to attend burials .
included in the small collection of buildings that [formed] the training field there was a mortuary and the pilots had a rota to attend burials .

It was clear that the Party under Deng still had the ultimate control over defining what constituted ‘ socialist morality ’ and democratisation ; even ‘ opening up ’ in the political sphere was not a priority .
it was clear that the party under deng still had the ultimate control over defining what [formed] ‘ socialist morality ’ and democratisation ; even ‘ opening up ’ in the political sphere was not a priority .

It is into this context of historically constituted institutions making up ‘ reality ’ , that the individual is socialized .
it is into this context of historically [formed] institutions making up ‘ reality ’ , that the individual is socialized .

Even the unborn child is ‘ expected ’ and constituted as a subject by its having a name and a sexual destiny thrust upon it at birth by the family and community that expects it .
even the unborn child is ‘ expected ’ and [formed] as a subject by its having a name and a sexual destiny thrust upon it at birth by the family and community that expects it .

Even in denying the relation , by refusing to ‘ recognize ’ ( God , a friend , the law ) the individual is recognizing the place they are refusing to fill and thus is still constituted as a subject .
even in denying the relation , by refusing to ‘ recognize ’ ( god , a friend , the law ) the individual is recognizing the place they are refusing to fill and thus is still [formed] as a subject .

Thus it questions the values of the existing order of ‘ better ’ , ‘ useful ’ , ‘ appropriate ’ , ‘ productive ’ and ‘ valuable ’ and is ‘ wholly distrustful of the rules of conduct with which society as presently constituted provides each of its members ’ ( Horkheimer 1972 : 207 ) .
thus it questions the values of the existing order of ‘ better ’ , ‘ useful ’ , ‘ appropriate ’ , ‘ productive ’ and ‘ valuable ’ and is ‘ wholly distrustful of the rules of conduct with which society as presently [formed] provides each of its members ’ ( horkheimer 1972 : 207 ) .

The significance of these three relations is that through them subjects are constituted and although the relations have a relation to each other , none is reducible to any other .
the significance of these three relations is that through them subjects are [formed] and although the relations have a relation to each other , none is reducible to any other .

The dialectic of labour produces a different effect , on a differently constituted subject , than that of language in that it involves subjection to the world of nature .
the dialectic of labour produces a different effect , on a differently [formed] subject , than that of language in that it involves subjection to the world of nature .

He carefully avoids a Kantian reduction to a knowing subject founded on self-reflection or a Hegelian reduction to a universal subject constituted as the absolute spirit of history .
he carefully avoids a kantian reduction to a knowing subject founded on self-reflection or a hegelian reduction to a universal subject [formed] as the absolute spirit of history .

But for the later Barthes , for Foucault and for Derrida the object is constituted empirically in language but is treated as a system of signifieds — discourse .
but for the later barthes , for foucault and for derrida the object is [formed] empirically in language but is treated as a system of signifieds — discourse .

The second level of discourse is constituted less formally in social and psychological practices that facilitate living within the formal system , including ways of breaking the formal rules .
the second level of discourse is [formed] less formally in social and psychological practices that facilitate living within the formal system , including ways of breaking the formal rules .

Their meaning can be unravelled by paying attention to the structure of signifying elements and interpreting from a cultural context constituted by history .
their meaning can be unravelled by paying attention to the structure of signifying elements and interpreting from a cultural context [formed] by history .

Here we have a possible explanation of why the Cro-Magnons might have exterminated the Neanderthals : the Neanderthals were very like them , and therefore constituted a threat .
here we have a possible explanation of why the cro-magnons might have exterminated the neanderthals : the neanderthals were very like them , and therefore [formed] a threat .

In the same way that matter is constituted of fundamental particles , antiparticles are the building blocks of antimatter .
in the same way that matter is [formed] of fundamental particles , antiparticles are the building blocks of antimatter .

If the National Government as presently constituted could not be persuaded to ally with the Soviet Union it would have to be replaced .
if the national government as presently [formed] could not be persuaded to ally with the soviet union it would have to be replaced .

Although no land has been sold , it appears that the sale of the herd and two subsequent disposals of the milk quota constituted together the sale of a complete business .
although no land has been sold , it appears that the sale of the herd and two subsequent disposals of the milk quota [formed] together the sale of a complete business .

The question of what constituted a small distribution as compared with the value of the shares was a question of fact and degree for the Special Commissioner .
the question of what [formed] a small distribution as compared with the value of the shares was a question of fact and degree for the special commissioner .

It is highly possible that the Wandjina image inscribed by these visitors from across the sea is a direct transposition from the Indian Spectacled Cobra 's hood markings , which constituted the symbol of well-being or balance used by Hindu or Buddhist spiritual teachers whose totem was that same animal — a legacy of the ancient Nagas .
it is highly possible that the wandjina image inscribed by these visitors from across the sea is a direct transposition from the indian spectacled cobra 's hood markings , which [formed] the symbol of well-being or balance used by hindu or buddhist spiritual teachers whose totem was that same animal — a legacy of the ancient nagas .

’ They had , nevertheless , ideals of what constituted job satisfaction .
’ they had , nevertheless , ideals of what [formed] job satisfaction .

In 1852 an official report stated that the ‘ uselessness of the force , as at present constituted , is too notorious to need much remark .
in 1852 an official report stated that the ‘ uselessness of the force , as at present [formed] , is too notorious to need much remark .

No drastic changes resulted from their fall into disuse , for there was broad agreement between British and Sri Lankan norms as to what constituted crime .
no drastic changes resulted from their fall into disuse , for there was broad agreement between british and sri lankan norms as to what [formed] crime .

The Financial Reporting Council 's Review Panel is an autonomous body constituted entirely outside the accountancy profession .
the financial reporting council 's review panel is an autonomous body [formed] entirely outside the accountancy profession .

Blueprint for an effective audit committee Only an audit committee which is properly constituted and which has the board 's wholehearted backing will realise its full potential
blueprint for an effective audit committee only an audit committee which is properly [formed] and which has the board 's wholehearted backing will realise its full potential

Indeed , the Cadbury Committee reported that it ‘ places great emphasis on the importance of properly constituted audit committees in raising standards of corporate governance ’ , and recommends that all listed companies which have not already done so should establish effective audit committees by 1994 .
indeed , the cadbury committee reported that it ‘ places great emphasis on the importance of properly [formed] audit committees in raising standards of corporate governance ’ , and recommends that all listed companies which have not already done so should establish effective audit committees by 1994 .

The statutory recognition of auditors ' resignation occurred for the first time in the Companies Act 1976 , prior to which resignation would have constituted a de facto breach of contract .
the statutory recognition of auditors ' resignation occurred for the first time in the companies act 1976 , prior to which resignation would have [formed] a de facto breach of contract .

Inoculation against smallpox had been practised since the 1720s , although it constituted a potentially lethal measure in itself and only achieved an erratic degree of success against a disease which probably claimed the lives of up to a quarter of the population throughout the century , and disfigured many of the survivors .
inoculation against smallpox had been practised since the 1720s , although it [formed] a potentially lethal measure in itself and only achieved an erratic degree of success against a disease which probably claimed the lives of up to a quarter of the population throughout the century , and disfigured many of the survivors .

Parish authorities generally were constantly reviewing their ideas about what constituted a minimum acceptable subsistence payment during this period .
parish authorities generally were constantly reviewing their ideas about what [formed] a minimum acceptable subsistence payment during this period .

Catherine or St Catherine 's Hill itself constituted a Pandora 's box of small-town trades and occupations at the time : everything from a gingerbread maker to a hairdresser , a staymaker , a breechesmaker , Charles Tucker the coalminer , John Golledge the blind schoolmaster , Mrs Allen at the Castle public house , and even John Ward , who seemed to be able to support himself by practising the noble art of a ‘ horse jockey ’ .
catherine or st catherine 's hill itself [formed] a pandora 's box of small-town trades and occupations at the time : everything from a gingerbread maker to a hairdresser , a staymaker , a breechesmaker , charles tucker the coalminer , john golledge the blind schoolmaster , mrs allen at the castle public house , and even john ward , who seemed to be able to support himself by practising the noble art of a ‘ horse jockey ’ .

Benjamin Titford 's material and social success during a lifetime spanning 65 years could not match that of William the Undertaker , but he had done very well for himself , for all that . No freehold property is mentioned in his will , but his goods , chattels and savings constituted quite a nice little nest-egg for his sons and his daughter — and was not ambition for one 's children one of the marks of a Victorian middle-class man ?
benjamin titford 's material and social success during a lifetime spanning 65 years could not match that of william the undertaker , but he had done very well for himself , for all that . no freehold property is mentioned in his will , but his goods , chattels and savings [formed] quite a nice little nest-egg for his sons and his daughter — and was not ambition for one 's children one of the marks of a victorian middle-class man ?

The section deals with transactions prior to an individual bankruptcy that were conducted at an undervalue or constituted a preference .
the section deals with transactions prior to an individual bankruptcy that were conducted at an undervalue or [formed] a preference .

In contrast , graduated tails would have constituted uncheatable handicaps even in their simplest form , and so are more likely to have evolved as reliable indicators of the viability of potential mates .
in contrast , graduated tails would have [formed] uncheatable handicaps even in their simplest form , and so are more likely to have evolved as reliable indicators of the viability of potential mates .

It could not be sent back to the original commission which was dominated by Lateran supporters , so a neatly balanced new one had to be constituted with Ottaviani and Bea as joint chairmen .
it could not be sent back to the original commission which was dominated by lateran supporters , so a neatly balanced new one had to be [formed] with ottaviani and bea as joint chairmen .

Indeed , classical criminology is almost entirely constituted by the one , short book that he wrote , Dei Delitti e delle Pene in 1764 ( Beccaria , 1963 ) .
indeed , classical criminology is almost entirely [formed] by the one , short book that he wrote , dei delitti e delle pene in 1764 ( beccaria , 1963 ) .

An interesting example of the latter would be vandalism — often picked on as being a particularly ‘ inexplicable ’ activity in conventional motivational terms ; yet in the early years of the film industry the destruction of property ( especially the most prized objects such as cars ) constituted the most popular film content , and still draws large audiences today .
an interesting example of the latter would be vandalism — often picked on as being a particularly ‘ inexplicable ’ activity in conventional motivational terms ; yet in the early years of the film industry the destruction of property ( especially the most prized objects such as cars ) [formed] the most popular film content , and still draws large audiences today .

It is true that there were six different Ministers of Fuel and Power while he was chairman : Shinwell when the Central Authority was constituted , Gaitskell between 1947 and 1950 , then Philip Noel-Baker until Labour 's defeat in 1951 , and , under the Conservatives , Geoffrey Lloyd until 1955 , then Aubrey Jones for just over a year , followed by Lord Mills .
it is true that there were six different ministers of fuel and power while he was chairman : shinwell when the central authority was [formed] , gaitskell between 1947 and 1950 , then philip noel-baker until labour 's defeat in 1951 , and , under the conservatives , geoffrey lloyd until 1955 , then aubrey jones for just over a year , followed by lord mills .

Within such an institutional arrangement there is , by implication , little room for alternative practices , including those possibilities opened up by the women 's and gay liberation movements of the period , and it is such an arrangement that constituted , for Gummer , the previously existing moral consensus .
within such an institutional arrangement there is , by implication , little room for alternative practices , including those possibilities opened up by the women 's and gay liberation movements of the period , and it is such an arrangement that [formed] , for gummer , the previously existing moral consensus .

For Mrs Whitehouse , this radical theology constituted a new moral orthodoxy , and one which , in an inaccurate paraphrasing of John Robinson 's argument , it was believed that ‘ God is Dead ’ . Here Mrs Whitehouse spells out the message :
for mrs whitehouse , this radical theology [formed] a new moral orthodoxy , and one which , in an inaccurate paraphrasing of john robinson 's argument , it was believed that ‘ god is dead ’ . here mrs whitehouse spells out the message :

The lasting impression of these accounts is that everyone agrees that there was a ‘ permissive age ’ , or a process of change that can be described as ‘ permissive ’ , but that no-one can actually agree what constituted ‘ permissiveness ’ .
the lasting impression of these accounts is that everyone agrees that there was a ‘ permissive age ’ , or a process of change that can be described as ‘ permissive ’ , but that no-one can actually agree what [formed] ‘ permissiveness ’ .

Private behaviour was viewed by the Committee as the personal and private responsibility of the individual , and the law , it was argued , should only concern itself with those activities which constituted offences against ‘ public order and decency ’ .
private behaviour was viewed by the committee as the personal and private responsibility of the individual , and the law , it was argued , should only concern itself with those activities which [formed] offences against ‘ public order and decency ’ .

But she thought these occasions were important to him and perhaps constituted another reason why he wanted to marry her .
but she thought these occasions were important to him and perhaps [formed] another reason why he wanted to marry her .

Despite the imperfections of the documents , he felt to the full his responsibility to preserve and hand over intact to his successor all the rights , privileges , and possessions of which he was the divinely constituted guardian .
despite the imperfections of the documents , he felt to the full his responsibility to preserve and hand over intact to his successor all the rights , privileges , and possessions of which he was the divinely [formed] guardian .

He has had the opportunity to reproduce 430 of the 500 drawings which originally constituted that collection and to mount a touring exhibition over three years : for the first , and probably only time therefore , they will all be seen together right across the world .
he has had the opportunity to reproduce 430 of the 500 drawings which originally [formed] that collection and to mount a touring exhibition over three years : for the first , and probably only time therefore , they will all be seen together right across the world .

The imposition of the retirement condition constituted a novel form of institutionalized dependence .
the imposition of the retirement condition [formed] a novel form of institutionalized dependence .

With respect to goods purchased from a non owner , this rule has been construed by the Swiss Supreme Court to mean that ‘ whenever the circumstances raise doubts as to the quality of the seller , the purchaser may no longer content himself with the mere appearance constituted by possession ; the purchaser must enquire into the seller 's capacity to convey property right ’ .
with respect to goods purchased from a non owner , this rule has been construed by the swiss supreme court to mean that ‘ whenever the circumstances raise doubts as to the quality of the seller , the purchaser may no longer content himself with the mere appearance [formed] by possession ; the purchaser must enquire into the seller 's capacity to convey property right ’ .

This , however , may have been nothing more than the fact that nuclear energy constituted a clearly defined and nascent policy sector , and one which , since unlike other policy areas such as coal or agriculture there were hardly any national interests or groups to consider , could quite easily be separated from the rest of national policy making .
this , however , may have been nothing more than the fact that nuclear energy [formed] a clearly defined and nascent policy sector , and one which , since unlike other policy areas such as coal or agriculture there were hardly any national interests or groups to consider , could quite easily be separated from the rest of national policy making .

It also indicated the slave trade as a peculiarly appropriate object upon which many evangelicals could exercise their benevolence since it constituted a burden of individual and national guilt and in its international character provided a way of extending and giving reality to the notion of mankind as a family .
it also indicated the slave trade as a peculiarly appropriate object upon which many evangelicals could exercise their benevolence since it [formed] a burden of individual and national guilt and in its international character provided a way of extending and giving reality to the notion of mankind as a family .

Cruelty against fellow creatures with God-given souls constituted an unjust and blasphemous misuse of power which could , Clarkson argued , drive a fellow human being to madness , suicide or desperate revolt ; to bring on moral disorder ran the risk of provoking psychological and social disorder .
cruelty against fellow creatures with god-given souls [formed] an unjust and blasphemous misuse of power which could , clarkson argued , drive a fellow human being to madness , suicide or desperate revolt ; to bring on moral disorder ran the risk of provoking psychological and social disorder .

Slavery 's denial of the full ‘ creatureliness ’ of human beings , in the words of Leicester abolitionists its annihilation of ‘ the dignity which belongs to a reasonable and accountable nature ’ , constituted one aspect in this religious perspective on its inhumanity .
slavery 's denial of the full ‘ creatureliness ’ of human beings , in the words of leicester abolitionists its annihilation of ‘ the dignity which belongs to a reasonable and accountable nature ’ , [formed] one aspect in this religious perspective on its inhumanity .

Moreover , it constituted a barrier to carrying God 's order to other parts of the human family .
moreover , it [formed] a barrier to carrying god 's order to other parts of the human family .

It constituted an even clearer expression of provincial mobilisation and disregard for parliamentary initiative and manoeuvre than 1833 .
it [formed] an even clearer expression of provincial mobilisation and disregard for parliamentary initiative and manoeuvre than 1833 .

One interpretation of the intermittent energy which Joseph Sturge put into the free produce movement in the 1840s is that it constituted an attempt by a Friend who had launched out into public and even political life to maintain links with more traditionally quietist brethren who none the less looked for greater perfection in the world .
one interpretation of the intermittent energy which joseph sturge put into the free produce movement in the 1840s is that it [formed] an attempt by a friend who had launched out into public and even political life to maintain links with more traditionally quietist brethren who none the less looked for greater perfection in the world .

The Roscoe-Rathbone circle in Liverpool constituted a somewhat similar predominantly Unitarian intellectual-literary-reformist complex .
the roscoe-rathbone circle in liverpool [formed] a somewhat similar predominantly unitarian intellectual-literary-reformist complex .

Collectively its dedication , despite all difficulties , constituted an unimpeachable example .
collectively its dedication , despite all difficulties , [formed] an unimpeachable example .

The entire interwoven pattern constituted an essentially static unity , whose focus was found in the spiritual authority of Rome .
the entire interwoven pattern [formed] an essentially static unity , whose focus was found in the spiritual authority of rome .

My interest was aroused when he reasoned that it was his blackness which constituted the major drawback in his life at one level , but at another , proved an indispensable asset to his eventual success .
my interest was aroused when he reasoned that it was his blackness which [formed] the major drawback in his life at one level , but at another , proved an indispensable asset to his eventual success .

£158,000 capital grant to the Church of Go of Prophecy in Chapeltown ( 1990 ) which constituted a major contribution towards the construction costs of the Austin Burke Memorial Centre .
£158,000 capital grant to the church of go of prophecy in chapeltown ( 1990 ) which [formed] a major contribution towards the construction costs of the austin burke memorial centre .

In so doing , they probably constituted the most important single cause of the subsequent civil war and revolution .
in so doing , they probably [formed] the most important single cause of the subsequent civil war and revolution .

Thus , the Act of Appeals of 1533 empowered him to punish heretics and hinted that he possessed the additional authority to determine what constituted heresy .
thus , the act of appeals of 1533 empowered him to punish heretics and hinted that he possessed the additional authority to determine what [formed] heresy .

The Spirit on the day of Pentecost constituted the church that Christ instituted .
the spirit on the day of pentecost [formed] the church that christ instituted .

Lenders were exempt from this legislation if their basic business was banking , insurance , or primarily unconnected with lending ; friendly societies and building societies were subject to other laws ; various other lenders falling outside a commonsense view of what constituted a moneylender were given exemption by the Board of Trade .
lenders were exempt from this legislation if their basic business was banking , insurance , or primarily unconnected with lending ; friendly societies and building societies were subject to other laws ; various other lenders falling outside a commonsense view of what [formed] a moneylender were given exemption by the board of trade .

The importance Father Stratton placed on preparation was echoed in the group discussion , although what constituted preparation in the parishes varied from talks or a video to none at all .
the importance father stratton placed on preparation was echoed in the group discussion , although what [formed] preparation in the parishes varied from talks or a video to none at all .

14 Force Majeure 14.1 shall not be under any liability to or to any party in any way whatsoever for the destruction , damage , delay or any matters of this nature whatsoever arising our of war , rebellion , civic commotion , strikes , lock-outs and industrial disputes ; fire , explosion , earthquake , act of God , flood , drought , or bad weather ; the unavailability or deliveries , supplies , work , disks , or other media or the requisitioning or any other act or order by any government department , council or other constituted body .
14 force majeure 14.1 shall not be under any liability to or to any party in any way whatsoever for the destruction , damage , delay or any matters of this nature whatsoever arising our of war , rebellion , civic commotion , strikes , lock-outs and industrial disputes ; fire , explosion , earthquake , act of god , flood , drought , or bad weather ; the unavailability or deliveries , supplies , work , disks , or other media or the requisitioning or any other act or order by any government department , council or other [formed] body .

Sufficient common ground existed for a programme of reform to be formulated and presented to an electorate , so constituted as aggressively independent working class — males as producers , females as consumers and reproducers .
sufficient common ground existed for a programme of reform to be formulated and presented to an electorate , so [formed] as aggressively independent working class — males as producers , females as consumers and reproducers .

Second , capitalism may be sustained by popular voting chiefly because workers themselves have not constituted and could not constitute an electoral majority ( przeworski , 1985 ) .
second , capitalism may be sustained by popular voting chiefly because workers themselves have not [formed] and could not constitute an electoral majority ( przeworski , 1985 ) .

The newspaper 's report of its contents constituted such a serious slur on professional care staff that a number of senior physicians at the hospital took legal action against the publishing company .
the newspaper 's report of its contents [formed] such a serious slur on professional care staff that a number of senior physicians at the hospital took legal action against the publishing company .

Despite lobbying to the point of laryngitis by a embryonic Preservation Society ( the narrow gauge Society proper was constituted in 1978 ) , they rapidly lifted rails with buildings and signals equally enthusiastically razed to the ground .
despite lobbying to the point of laryngitis by a embryonic preservation society ( the narrow gauge society proper was [formed] in 1978 ) , they rapidly lifted rails with buildings and signals equally enthusiastically razed to the ground .

The Seraph Kajsa was the first ship of our system seen entering the enormous docks that constituted the lower levels of the completed station .
the seraph kajsa was the first ship of our system seen entering the enormous docks that [formed] the lower levels of the completed station .

The approach taken here exemplifies what emerged in our discussions during the conference as a major theoretical orientation : a view of human action — peacefulness or violence — as the outcome of choices made by people actively in pursuit of particular purposes and goals , choices made and enacted within particular psychologically and culturally constituted realities which they themselves are actively constructing ( see Buckley , Howell , O'Nell , Overing , Gibson , Howe , Campbell , this volume ) .
the approach taken here exemplifies what emerged in our discussions during the conference as a major theoretical orientation : a view of human action — peacefulness or violence — as the outcome of choices made by people actively in pursuit of particular purposes and goals , choices made and enacted within particular psychologically and culturally [formed] realities which they themselves are actively constructing ( see buckley , howell , o'nell , overing , gibson , howe , campbell , this volume ) .

This section briefly sketches some elements of a culturally constituted image of Semai reality , and the motivational context which it helps to define .
this section briefly sketches some elements of a culturally [formed] image of semai reality , and the motivational context which it helps to define .

Not only in large population centres but also in the countryside and small towns , those who had traditionally exercised power found themselves confronted , whether in newly constituted local councils or in the workplace , with a more open and popular style of politics and a more assertive lower class .
not only in large population centres but also in the countryside and small towns , those who had traditionally exercised power found themselves confronted , whether in newly [formed] local councils or in the workplace , with a more open and popular style of politics and a more assertive lower class .

Grassroots power now passed to ‘ anti-fascist ’ committees , variously constituted according to the local balance of left-wing allegiance .
grassroots power now passed to ‘ anti-fascist ’ committees , variously [formed] according to the local balance of left-wing allegiance .

All have been convicted by legally constituted courts .
all have been convicted by legally [formed] courts .

( d ) The gang may be constituted of two or three core members with other tradesmen or labourers employed either on daywork or discounted rates .
( d ) the gang may be [formed] of two or three core members with other tradesmen or labourers employed either on daywork or discounted rates .

Although Conservative morale rallied under the pressures of the Second World War and first accepted and later was thrilled by the leadership of Winston Churchill , some of the other aspects of the war constituted a serious challenge to Conservative ideas .
although conservative morale rallied under the pressures of the second world war and first accepted and later was thrilled by the leadership of winston churchill , some of the other aspects of the war [formed] a serious challenge to conservative ideas .

Thus all the fringe benefits derived directly from work constituted an addition of 29 per cent to the top salaries compared with 18 per cent to the average salaries .
thus all the fringe benefits derived directly from work [formed] an addition of 29 per cent to the top salaries compared with 18 per cent to the average salaries .

The number of strikers receiving supplementary benefit has always constituted a very insignificant proportion of the total number of persons on strike the lowest figure was 0.12 per cent in 1962 and the highest was 14.46 per cent in 1972 which was the year of the miners ' strike .
the number of strikers receiving supplementary benefit has always [formed] a very insignificant proportion of the total number of persons on strike the lowest figure was 0.12 per cent in 1962 and the highest was 14.46 per cent in 1972 which was the year of the miners ' strike .

The amount of supplementary benefit for a wife and two children constituted 47 per cent of net average earnings of male manual workers in 1957 ; it was 53 per cent in 1964 ; and 65 per cent in 1975 .
the amount of supplementary benefit for a wife and two children [formed] 47 per cent of net average earnings of male manual workers in 1957 ; it was 53 per cent in 1964 ; and 65 per cent in 1975 .

The Lord Chancellor told him that , prima facie , the article constituted ‘ judicial misbehaviour ’ which is a ground for dismissal .
the lord chancellor told him that , prima facie , the article [formed] ‘ judicial misbehaviour ’ which is a ground for dismissal .

We can distinguish two main kinds : ( a ) an emphasis on the ‘ informing spirit ’ of a whole way of life , which is manifest over the whole range of social activities but is most evident in ‘ specifically cultural ’ activities — a language , styles of art , kinds of intellectual work ; and ( b ) an emphasis on ‘ a whole social order ’ within which a specifiable culture , in styles of art and kinds of intellectual work , is seen as the direct or indirect product of an order primarily constituted by other social activities .
we can distinguish two main kinds : ( a ) an emphasis on the ‘ informing spirit ’ of a whole way of life , which is manifest over the whole range of social activities but is most evident in ‘ specifically cultural ’ activities — a language , styles of art , kinds of intellectual work ; and ( b ) an emphasis on ‘ a whole social order ’ within which a specifiable culture , in styles of art and kinds of intellectual work , is seen as the direct or indirect product of an order primarily [formed] by other social activities .

This has many elements in common with ( b ) , in its emphasis on a whole social order , but it differs from it in its insistence that ‘ cultural practice ’ and ‘ cultural production ’ ( its most recognizable terms ) are not simply derived from an otherwise constituted social order but are themselves major elements in its constitution .
this has many elements in common with ( b ) , in its emphasis on a whole social order , but it differs from it in its insistence that ‘ cultural practice ’ and ‘ cultural production ’ ( its most recognizable terms ) are not simply derived from an otherwise [formed] social order but are themselves major elements in its constitution .

We can make , first , an important general distinction , with continuing social and sociological effects , between ( i ) that class of material means which depends wholly or mainly on inherent , constituted physical resources , and ( ii ) that other class which depends wholly or mainly on the use or transformation of non-human material objects and forces .
we can make , first , an important general distinction , with continuing social and sociological effects , between ( i ) that class of material means which depends wholly or mainly on inherent , [formed] physical resources , and ( ii ) that other class which depends wholly or mainly on the use or transformation of non-human material objects and forces .

But this should never carry the implication ( common in some branches of theory ) that no social relations were entered into in the course of using and developing inherent and constituted physical resources .
but this should never carry the implication ( common in some branches of theory ) that no social relations were entered into in the course of using and developing inherent and [formed] physical resources .

In complex societies there is a significant and often decisive unevenness , as the systems which train these inherent and constituted resources become more professional and more masterly .
in complex societies there is a significant and often decisive unevenness , as the systems which train these inherent and [formed] resources become more professional and more masterly .

( v ) development of complex amplificatory , extending and reproductive technical systems , which make possible new kinds of presentation of all the preceding types , but also new kinds of presentation of practices still otherwise based on the use of inherent and constituted resources .
( v ) development of complex amplificatory , extending and reproductive technical systems , which make possible new kinds of presentation of all the preceding types , but also new kinds of presentation of practices still otherwise based on the use of inherent and [formed] resources .

Many , as a result , became more impatient with the social and cultural backwater which , they now realized , their village constituted .
many , as a result , became more impatient with the social and cultural backwater which , they now realized , their village [formed] .

There were no representatives from Contact on any of these committees , although the group constituted almost one-third of the overall number of users at one of the centres and almost one-half at the other two .
there were no representatives from contact on any of these committees , although the group [formed] almost one-third of the overall number of users at one of the centres and almost one-half at the other two .

The nature and limits of parliamentary sovereignty are constituted , in the same way that conventions are constituted , by the political morality which underlies the legal order .
the nature and limits of parliamentary sovereignty are [formed] , in the same way that conventions are [formed] , by the political morality which underlies the legal order .

In Japan superiors are expected to make their subordinates accept the practice of groupism so that trust is constituted which transcends particularlisms , binding each person to the universal love of the enterprise .
in japan superiors are expected to make their subordinates accept the practice of groupism so that trust is [formed] which transcends particularlisms , binding each person to the universal love of the enterprise .

At the outset , it can be asserted the Young Conservatives we studied in no way constituted an ideological group like the Young Socialists .
at the outset , it can be asserted the young conservatives we studied in no way [formed] an ideological group like the young socialists .

The Magistrates ' Court , when hearing a criminal case , is constituted in the same way as for licensing applications .
the magistrates ' court , when hearing a criminal case , is [formed] in the same way as for licensing applications .

It is only through the development of subject-object relations that the subject as such comes to be constituted .
it is only through the development of subject-object relations that the subject as such comes to be [formed] .

Culture for Simmel is not constituted by the material world in itself , but exists only as a process of the subject 's becoming .
culture for simmel is not [formed] by the material world in itself , but exists only as a process of the subject 's becoming .

The object 's ornate and fragile form is an emblem of the leisure class which is constituted precisely by this distance ( Veblen 1970 ) .
the object 's ornate and fragile form is an emblem of the leisure class which is [formed] precisely by this distance ( veblen 1970 ) .

We checked on the five french windows that opened on to the playground , noted the survival of the wash-house and , on walking to the side of the school and round the back , found the original planks that constituted the vieille planche intact .
we checked on the five french windows that opened on to the playground , noted the survival of the wash-house and , on walking to the side of the school and round the back , found the original planks that [formed] the vieille planche intact .

Fundamental to this , Paasi argues , is the identification of regional boundaries which provide ‘ the foundation upon which the conceptual shapes ( the manifestations of symbolic orders ) and institutions that commence the process of maintaining and reproducing the existence of the region will be constituted ’ ( pp .
fundamental to this , paasi argues , is the identification of regional boundaries which provide ‘ the foundation upon which the conceptual shapes ( the manifestations of symbolic orders ) and institutions that commence the process of maintaining and reproducing the existence of the region will be [formed] ’ ( pp .

This involves him charting ‘ the social space in which individual subjectivities are constituted and reproduced , the differing forms and effectivity of social struggle , and the character of the state ’ ( p. 8 ) .
this involves him charting ‘ the social space in which individual subjectivities are [formed] and reproduced , the differing forms and effectivity of social struggle , and the character of the state ’ ( p. 8 ) .

We shall say , then , that the meaning of a word is fully reflected in its contextual relations ; in fact , we can go further , and say that , for present purposes , the meaning of a word is constituted by its contextual relations .
we shall say , then , that the meaning of a word is fully reflected in its contextual relations ; in fact , we can go further , and say that , for present purposes , the meaning of a word is [formed] by its contextual relations .

This ambiguity can be accounted for without the need either for two different elements enter , or two different elements again , if we regard the meaning of enter as being constituted out of more elementary semantic entities which are related quasi-syntactically :
this ambiguity can be accounted for without the need either for two different elements enter , or two different elements again , if we regard the meaning of enter as being [formed] out of more elementary semantic entities which are related quasi-syntactically :

There may appear to be an element of paradox in the notion of semantic relations between lexical units whose meanings , at least on the strong version of the contextual view , are partially constituted by those very relations .
there may appear to be an element of paradox in the notion of semantic relations between lexical units whose meanings , at least on the strong version of the contextual view , are partially [formed] by those very relations .

Intolerance is conceptualized basically as a matter of attitudes , and is said to be constituted by prejudice .
intolerance is conceptualized basically as a matter of attitudes , and is said to be [formed] by prejudice .

It is certain that we have to devise ways to move beyond antiracism as it is presently constituted .
it is certain that we have to devise ways to move beyond antiracism as it is presently [formed] .

In this case the duration of time spent in training constituted a not insubstantial part of the total duration of the contracts upon which most of the temporary workers were initially recruited ( six months ) .
in this case the duration of time spent in training [formed] a not insubstantial part of the total duration of the contracts upon which most of the temporary workers were initially recruited ( six months ) .

In my opinion Lord Roskill was undoubtedly right when he said in the course of the passage quoted that the assumption by the defendant of any of the rights of an owner could amount to an appropriation within the meaning of section 3 ( 1 ) , and that the removal of an article from the shelf and the changing of the price label on it constituted the assumption of one of the rights of the owner and hence an appropriation within the meaning of the subsection .
in my opinion lord roskill was undoubtedly right when he said in the course of the passage quoted that the assumption by the defendant of any of the rights of an owner could amount to an appropriation within the meaning of section 3 ( 1 ) , and that the removal of an article from the shelf and the changing of the price label on it [formed] the assumption of one of the rights of the owner and hence an appropriation within the meaning of the subsection .

‘ If [ the argument ] were right , then the result would merely be that the making of the contract constituted the appropriation .
‘ if [ the argument ] were right , then the result would merely be that the making of the contract [formed] the appropriation .

This meant that two of the original six formations had now been exempted from repatriation , the Ukrainians and the Schutzkorps , and these were the only two in which " non-Soviet nationals " by any definition , constituted a majority .
this meant that two of the original six formations had now been exempted from repatriation , the ukrainians and the schutzkorps , and these were the only two in which " non-soviet nationals " by any definition , [formed] a majority .

The fact that the Prime Minister of Great Britain had twice flown to Germany to intercede with him , and on the third occasion had hurried across Europe with the heads of the French and Italian Governments to meet him at the shortest possible notice , constituted a personal triumph for Hitler .
the fact that the prime minister of great britain had twice flown to germany to intercede with him , and on the third occasion had hurried across europe with the heads of the french and italian governments to meet him at the shortest possible notice , [formed] a personal triumph for hitler .

By that time the native peoples constituted a minority of only 30 per cent of the total population of Siberia , and they remained at that level until the end of the eighteenth century , although their own numbers increased from 288,000 in 1719 to 732,000 in 1795 .
by that time the native peoples [formed] a minority of only 30 per cent of the total population of siberia , and they remained at that level until the end of the eighteenth century , although their own numbers increased from 288,000 in 1719 to 732,000 in 1795 .

As the court on 16 February had remanded Mr. Bell in custody without forming that opinion , the remand was unlawful and the court as constituted on 19 February did not fall within the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the Bail Act 1976 .
as the court on 16 february had remanded mr. bell in custody without forming that opinion , the remand was unlawful and the court as [formed] on 19 february did not fall within the terms of section 7 ( 5 ) of the bail act 1976 .

The discovery of Neptune and of radio waves and Eddington 's confirmation of Einstein 's risky prediction that light rays should bend in strong gravitational fields all constituted significant advances of this kind .
the discovery of neptune and of radio waves and eddington 's confirmation of einstein 's risky prediction that light rays should bend in strong gravitational fields all [formed] significant advances of this kind .

All substances in the sub-lunar region were mixtures of four elements , air , earth , fire and water , and the relative proportions of elements in a mixture determined the properties of the substance so constituted .
all substances in the sub-lunar region were mixtures of four elements , air , earth , fire and water , and the relative proportions of elements in a mixture determined the properties of the substance so [formed] .

Perhaps the argument that constituted the most serious threat to Copernicus was the so-called tower argument .
perhaps the argument that [formed] the most serious threat to copernicus was the so-called tower argument .

Once Newton 's physics had been constituted , it was possible to apply it in detail to astronomy .
once newton 's physics had been [formed] , it was possible to apply it in detail to astronomy .

Submissions were made on behalf of the respondent that the proceedings constituted an abuse of process .
submissions were made on behalf of the respondent that the proceedings [formed] an abuse of process .

Submissions were made on behalf of the respondent that the proceedings constituted an abuse of the process of the court .
submissions were made on behalf of the respondent that the proceedings [formed] an abuse of the process of the court .

They adjourned the case and directed that it be heard before a differently constituted bench of three justices .
they adjourned the case and directed that it be heard before a differently [formed] bench of three justices .

Similarly , it is not easy to disturb the connotations of those types of ‘ folk song ’ constituted by bourgeois romanticism as signifying ( sentimentalized ) ‘ community ’ , an organic social harmony .
similarly , it is not easy to disturb the connotations of those types of ‘ folk song ’ [formed] by bourgeois romanticism as signifying ( sentimentalized ) ‘ community ’ , an organic social harmony .

The aim , ‘ to introduce the public into the studio ’ , is achieved through the ‘ working relationships , constituted by mutual criticism … subjective listening … and collective anticipation ’ of public response .
the aim , ‘ to introduce the public into the studio ’ , is achieved through the ‘ working relationships , [formed] by mutual criticism … subjective listening … and collective anticipation ’ of public response .

The plight of the poor cultivator , in provinces like Avila with its stony fields , constituted the most intractable problem of the agrarian world .
the plight of the poor cultivator , in provinces like avila with its stony fields , [formed] the most intractable problem of the agrarian world .

The former constituted the local oligarchy of the poderosos , the powerful ones , who , from the days of Aranda to the debates of 1934 , any reforms intended to relieve the poor .
the former [formed] the local oligarchy of the poderosos , the powerful ones , who , from the days of aranda to the debates of 1934 , any reforms intended to relieve the poor .

To Fermin Caballero , writing at the turn of the nineteenth century , this pattern of agricultural settlement constituted the chief bar to progress : a more intensive system was the key to higher production but the physical relation of the labourer and farmer to the land , the distance from the house in which he slept to the field he worked , made intense cultivation impossible .
to fermin caballero , writing at the turn of the nineteenth century , this pattern of agricultural settlement [formed] the chief bar to progress : a more intensive system was the key to higher production but the physical relation of the labourer and farmer to the land , the distance from the house in which he slept to the field he worked , made intense cultivation impossible .

Like the great civil servants of the eighteenth century , nearly all the great civilian politicians of liberalism were trained as lawyers and until the emergence of the technicians in the twentieth century — their first rivals were railway engineers — they constituted the professional class par excellence .
like the great civil servants of the eighteenth century , nearly all the great civilian politicians of liberalism were trained as lawyers and until the emergence of the technicians in the twentieth century — their first rivals were railway engineers — they [formed] the professional class par excellence .

In the May of 1808 the constituted authorities all over Spain were confronted with the dilemma which discredited civil governors on the outbreak of the Civil War in July 1936 .
in the may of 1808 the [formed] authorities all over spain were confronted with the dilemma which discredited civil governors on the outbreak of the civil war in july 1936 .

In unoccupied Spain the constituted authorities did not have the excuse of overwhelming military force and it was their failure in crisis which condemned the ancien régime .
in unoccupied spain the [formed] authorities did not have the excuse of overwhelming military force and it was their failure in crisis which condemned the ancien régime .

In the Asturias a mob of a thousand peasants and university students , after pillaging the arsenal of its rifles , made an end of the hesitations of the Audiencia and the constituted authorities , who were afraid to defy Murat ; the general assembly of the province , which happened to be holding one of its triennial meetings , took the leadership of the insurrection , and , on 25 May , declared war on Napoleon .
in the asturias a mob of a thousand peasants and university students , after pillaging the arsenal of its rifles , made an end of the hesitations of the audiencia and the [formed] authorities , who were afraid to defy murat ; the general assembly of the province , which happened to be holding one of its triennial meetings , took the leadership of the insurrection , and , on 25 may , declared war on napoleon .

The Council of Castile , in spite of its repeated claims to be the only legally constituted authority , was discredited by its supposed subservience to Murat ; its orders were treated with contempt by the Provincial Juntas .
the council of castile , in spite of its repeated claims to be the only legally [formed] authority , was discredited by its supposed subservience to murat ; its orders were treated with contempt by the provincial juntas .

Before the patriot victory at Bailén , collaboration with the intruder represented the legal hesitations of the constituted authorities , left without instructions by the king and caught between the overwhelming superiority of French garrisons on the one side and the Federal anarchy of the patriot revolution on the other .
before the patriot victory at bailén , collaboration with the intruder represented the legal hesitations of the [formed] authorities , left without instructions by the king and caught between the overwhelming superiority of french garrisons on the one side and the federal anarchy of the patriot revolution on the other .

The ‘ nerve ’ of the national defence was constituted by the ‘ popular masses ’ and the clergy who hated both afrancesados and liberals .
the ‘ nerve ’ of the national defence was [formed] by the ‘ popular masses ’ and the clergy who hated both afrancesados and liberals .

The only option to this court in the circumstances is to order a rehearing before a freshly constituted family proceedings court and that should take place as soon as possible .
the only option to this court in the circumstances is to order a rehearing before a freshly [formed] family proceedings court and that should take place as soon as possible .

History constituted a vital part of the class struggle .
history [formed] a vital part of the class struggle .

The payments the peasantry made for access to noble land , whether in the form of share-cropping , labour rent or money rent , constituted a massive burden upon the rural economy .
the payments the peasantry made for access to noble land , whether in the form of share-cropping , labour rent or money rent , [formed] a massive burden upon the rural economy .

It constituted the institutional embodiment of proletarian unity and class consciousness .
it [formed] the institutional embodiment of proletarian unity and class consciousness .

Likewise , the rising proportion of noble farmers who had switched from ‘ semi-feudal ’ to direct , ‘ capitalist ’ farming by 1914 is difficult to reconcile with the notion that the assault upon noble landownership in 1917 constituted an economically progressive ‘ bourgeois-democratic ’ revolt against ‘ feudal ’ practices .
likewise , the rising proportion of noble farmers who had switched from ‘ semi-feudal ’ to direct , ‘ capitalist ’ farming by 1914 is difficult to reconcile with the notion that the assault upon noble landownership in 1917 [formed] an economically progressive ‘ bourgeois-democratic ’ revolt against ‘ feudal ’ practices .

The economic causes of the war constituted but one dimension of a process which can only be grasped by a multi-causal approach .
the economic causes of the war [formed] but one dimension of a process which can only be grasped by a multi-causal approach .

Hall sees law and order ideology as an important component of what he calls ‘ authoritarian populism ’ , which in turn constituted an important component of the political phenomenon of ‘ Thatcherism ’ .
hall sees law and order ideology as an important component of what he calls ‘ authoritarian populism ’ , which in turn [formed] an important component of the political phenomenon of ‘ thatcherism ’ .

This has been founded on a set of shared ideas that have at least until recently constituted the ruling ideology ( in both legal and political circles ) , at any rate on matters of sentencing policy .
this has been founded on a set of shared ideas that have at least until recently [formed] the ruling ideology ( in both legal and political circles ) , at any rate on matters of sentencing policy .

The peasants , who still constituted the majority of the population , were more affected by their feelings of material oppression and their opposition to the arbitrary rule of their masters .
the peasants , who still [formed] the majority of the population , were more affected by their feelings of material oppression and their opposition to the arbitrary rule of their masters .

The Control of Pollution Act 1974 provides that where any damage is caused by poisonous , noxious or polluting waste which has been deposited on land , any person who deposited it or caused or knowingly permitted it to be deposited is civilly liable for the damage , provided that his act constituted an offence under section 3 ( 3 ) or section 18 ( 2 ) of the Act .
the control of pollution act 1974 provides that where any damage is caused by poisonous , noxious or polluting waste which has been deposited on land , any person who deposited it or caused or knowingly permitted it to be deposited is civilly liable for the damage , provided that his act [formed] an offence under section 3 ( 3 ) or section 18 ( 2 ) of the act .

However , dicta in Oakley v. Lyster went further and suggested that a bare denial of the plaintiff 's title unaccompanied by any possession of or dealing with the goods constituted conversion .
however , dicta in oakley v. lyster went further and suggested that a bare denial of the plaintiff 's title unaccompanied by any possession of or dealing with the goods [formed] conversion .

Squamous cell carcinomas constituted the overwhelming majority of reported histological results throughout the study period , and the overall rise in anal cancer incidence could be explained almost entirely by the increase in incidence of squamous cell carcinoma , with only a minor contribution from transitional cell cancers in the latest part of the study period ( data not shown ) .
squamous cell carcinomas [formed] the overwhelming majority of reported histological results throughout the study period , and the overall rise in anal cancer incidence could be explained almost entirely by the increase in incidence of squamous cell carcinoma , with only a minor contribution from transitional cell cancers in the latest part of the study period ( data not shown ) .

It is doubtless this new set of social relations which constituted the main attraction of the Soviet experiment in the 1930s for intellectuals such as Aragon and Nizan .
it is doubtless this new set of social relations which [formed] the main attraction of the soviet experiment in the 1930s for intellectuals such as aragon and nizan .

In 1965 , Lukacs retrospectively described his critical essays as the `` two-front `` struggle which constituted `` an indictment of the impoverishment in artistic content and in fictional representation both in Western avant-garde movements and what is customarily called socialist realism `` .
in 1965 , lukacs retrospectively described his critical essays as the `` two-front `` struggle which [formed] `` an indictment of the impoverishment in artistic content and in fictional representation both in western avant-garde movements and what is customarily called socialist realism `` .

In sharp contrast , the turmoil and violent historical changes occurring in post-1914 France constituted a major problem as well as a major opportunity for the revolutionary writer .
in sharp contrast , the turmoil and violent historical changes occurring in post-1914 france [formed] a major problem as well as a major opportunity for the revolutionary writer .

It follows that in order to clarify the background to meaningful identifying references to ontological existents , it is necessary to investigate the manner and conditions in which such existents are constituted as target-topics in relevant experiences .
it follows that in order to clarify the background to meaningful identifying references to ontological existents , it is necessary to investigate the manner and conditions in which such existents are [formed] as target-topics in relevant experiences .

These groupings derive from how in civil society individual subjectivities are constituted , of gender , race , generation , locality and nationality .
these groupings derive from how in civil society individual subjectivities are [formed] , of gender , race , generation , locality and nationality .

Social relations other than those of exploitation are also in large part constituted through contacts with the world of work .
social relations other than those of exploitation are also in large part [formed] through contacts with the world of work .

Also in 1983 , young women constituted 38 per cent of the number of students in advanced-level courses in polytechnics .
also in 1983 , young women [formed] 38 per cent of the number of students in advanced-level courses in polytechnics .

The constitution and working of tribunals other than the ordinary courts of law , constituted under any Act of Parliament by a minister of the Crown or for the purposes of a minister 's functions .
the constitution and working of tribunals other than the ordinary courts of law , [formed] under any act of parliament by a minister of the crown or for the purposes of a minister 's functions .

The full hearing of the claim must be before a differently constituted tribunal who will not know until the end of the case of the warning .
the full hearing of the claim must be before a differently [formed] tribunal who will not know until the end of the case of the warning .

It constituted one of the most beneficent , significant and effective innovations and improvements in the fabric of English civil justice .
it [formed] one of the most beneficent , significant and effective innovations and improvements in the fabric of english civil justice .

Although the procedures for obtaining and defending such writs often worked to the advantage of the church courts , prohibitions nevertheless constituted a serious threat to ecclesiastical jurisdiction .
although the procedures for obtaining and defending such writs often worked to the advantage of the church courts , prohibitions nevertheless [formed] a serious threat to ecclesiastical jurisdiction .

The clerical representatives were a formidable number — forty-two diocesan proctors ( two from each diocese ) and twenty-three cathedral proctors ( including Bath as well as Wells , and Coventry as well as Lichfield ) — and with the rest of the clergy they constituted something over a third of the whole parliament .
the clerical representatives were a formidable number — forty-two diocesan proctors ( two from each diocese ) and twenty-three cathedral proctors ( including bath as well as wells , and coventry as well as lichfield ) — and with the rest of the clergy they [formed] something over a third of the whole parliament .

Those aspects of the context which are directly reflected in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as activated features of context and suggest that they constitute the contextual framework within which the topic is constituted , that is , the topic framework .
those aspects of the context which are directly reflected in the text , and which need to be called upon to interpret the text , we shall refer to as activated features of context and suggest that they constitute the contextual framework within which the topic is [formed] , that is , the topic framework .

What we have described as a topic framework has much in common with Venneman 's proposal that , for a discourse , there is a presupposition pool which contains information ‘ constituted from general knowledge , from the situative context of the discourse , and from the completed part of the discourse itself ’ ( Venneman , 1975 : 314 ) .
what we have described as a topic framework has much in common with venneman 's proposal that , for a discourse , there is a presupposition pool which contains information ‘ [formed] from general knowledge , from the situative context of the discourse , and from the completed part of the discourse itself ’ ( venneman , 1975 : 314 ) .

In the early years , when the portfolio was being constituted , the performance figures were of a basket of securities , united in having a common involvement in books , whether through publishing , manufacturing or retailing .
in the early years , when the portfolio was being [formed] , the performance figures were of a basket of securities , united in having a common involvement in books , whether through publishing , manufacturing or retailing .

Most of the shades hung crookedly and were scorched on one side , and she said the tinsel constituted an added fire hazard .
most of the shades hung crookedly and were scorched on one side , and she said the tinsel [formed] an added fire hazard .

To any businessman , the ‘ pink economy ’ constituted a sound investment .
to any businessman , the ‘ pink economy ’ [formed] a sound investment .

Branson was nonplussed by Elliott 's refusal ; in fact , it constituted the perfect challenge .
branson was nonplussed by elliott 's refusal ; in fact , it [formed] the perfect challenge .

Branson 's feeling that ‘ competition is good for the consumer if fares come down , but not good if it puts us out of business ’ constituted a political education of sorts .
branson 's feeling that ‘ competition is good for the consumer if fares come down , but not good if it puts us out of business ’ [formed] a political education of sorts .

‘ Those circumstances , accordingly , constituted a potential relationship capable of imposing a duty on the defendant in relation to the child if and when born .
‘ those circumstances , accordingly , [formed] a potential relationship capable of imposing a duty on the defendant in relation to the child if and when born .

But as the child could not in the very nature of things acquire rights correlative to a duty until it became by birth a living person , and as it was not until then that it could sustain injuries as a living person , it was , we think , at that stage that the duty arising out of the relationship was attached to the defendant , and it was at that stage that the defendant was , on the assumption that his act or omission in the driving of the car constituted a failure to take reasonable care , in breach of the duty to take reasonable care to avoid injury to the child .
but as the child could not in the very nature of things acquire rights correlative to a duty until it became by birth a living person , and as it was not until then that it could sustain injuries as a living person , it was , we think , at that stage that the duty arising out of the relationship was attached to the defendant , and it was at that stage that the defendant was , on the assumption that his act or omission in the driving of the car [formed] a failure to take reasonable care , in breach of the duty to take reasonable care to avoid injury to the child .

The plaintiffs claim damages from a number of defendants , including the third defendant , under the following heads : ( 1 ) general damages for conspiracy ; ( 2 ) exemplary damages on the basis that the acts complained of were calculated to make a profit for the conspirators or their companies and constituted a cynical disregard for the plaintiffs ' rights ; and ( 3 ) damages for deceit as an alternative to damages for conspiracy .
the plaintiffs claim damages from a number of defendants , including the third defendant , under the following heads : ( 1 ) general damages for conspiracy ; ( 2 ) exemplary damages on the basis that the acts complained of were calculated to make a profit for the conspirators or their companies and [formed] a cynical disregard for the plaintiffs ' rights ; and ( 3 ) damages for deceit as an alternative to damages for conspiracy .

It will be seen that section 61(1) does not require the Secretary of State to release any person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life on licence , but imposes two conditions which must be satisfied before he may do so , namely , that the release must first be recommended by the Parole Board ( a body which was itself constituted by section 59 of the Act of 1967 ) and that the Secretary of State may not release on licence except after consultation with the Lord Chief Justice of England together with the trial judge if available .
it will be seen that section 61(1) does not require the secretary of state to release any person serving a sentence of imprisonment for life on licence , but imposes two conditions which must be satisfied before he may do so , namely , that the release must first be recommended by the parole board ( a body which was itself [formed] by section 59 of the act of 1967 ) and that the secretary of state may not release on licence except after consultation with the lord chief justice of england together with the trial judge if available .

The Secretary of State was thus granted a discretionary power to release a person serving a sentence of life imprisonment subject to two conditions : ( 1 ) He must be recommended so to do in a particular case by the Parole Board ( which was constituted by section 59 of the Act of 1967 ) and ( 2 ) He shall not do so except after consultation with the Lord Chief Justice together with the trial judge if available .
the secretary of state was thus granted a discretionary power to release a person serving a sentence of life imprisonment subject to two conditions : ( 1 ) he must be recommended so to do in a particular case by the parole board ( which was [formed] by section 59 of the act of 1967 ) and ( 2 ) he shall not do so except after consultation with the lord chief justice together with the trial judge if available .

‘ Those circumstances , accordingly , constituted a potential relationship capable of imposing a duty on the defendant in relation to the child if and when born .
‘ those circumstances , accordingly , [formed] a potential relationship capable of imposing a duty on the defendant in relation to the child if and when born .

But as the child could not in the very nature of things acquire rights correlative to a duty until it became by birth a living person , and as it was not until then that it could sustain injuries as a living person , it was , we think , at that stage that the duty arising out of the relationship was attached to the defendant , and it was at that stage that the defendant was , on the assumption that his act or omission in the driving of the car constituted a failure to take reasonable care , in breach of the duty to take reasonable care to avoid injury to the child .
but as the child could not in the very nature of things acquire rights correlative to a duty until it became by birth a living person , and as it was not until then that it could sustain injuries as a living person , it was , we think , at that stage that the duty arising out of the relationship was attached to the defendant , and it was at that stage that the defendant was , on the assumption that his act or omission in the driving of the car [formed] a failure to take reasonable care , in breach of the duty to take reasonable care to avoid injury to the child .

‘ Does article 5(1) of the [ Brussels ] Convention apply to claims which are made by an association constituted under private law possessing legal personality against one of its members in a matter relating to obligations in regard to the payment of a sum of money and which have their basis in the relationship between the parties by virtue of membership , such relationship arising from the defendant party 's joining the association as a member by virtue of a legal transaction entered into for that purpose ?
‘ does article 5(1) of the [ brussels ] convention apply to claims which are made by an association [formed] under private law possessing legal personality against one of its members in a matter relating to obligations in regard to the payment of a sum of money and which have their basis in the relationship between the parties by virtue of membership , such relationship arising from the defendant party 's joining the association as a member by virtue of a legal transaction entered into for that purpose ?

( 1 ) All other rate swap actions ( whether or not presently constituted ) , including any third party proceedings in such actions ( whether against local authorities , brokers or otherwise ) shall be stayed generally after the close of pleadings in each action or third party proceeding ( as the case may be ) save for third party proceedings in lead actions against third parties .
( 1 ) all other rate swap actions ( whether or not presently [formed] ) , including any third party proceedings in such actions ( whether against local authorities , brokers or otherwise ) shall be stayed generally after the close of pleadings in each action or third party proceeding ( as the case may be ) save for third party proceedings in lead actions against third parties .

When the modern High Court of Justice was constituted as a superior court of record by the Judicature Act 1873 , by section 16 of that Act the jurisdiction of a large number of existing courts , which are listed by name , was transferred to and vested in the new High Court . The section continues :
when the modern high court of justice was [formed] as a superior court of record by the judicature act 1873 , by section 16 of that act the jurisdiction of a large number of existing courts , which are listed by name , was transferred to and vested in the new high court . the section continues :

‘ All costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …
‘ all costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby [formed] or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …

The new pleading , so far as relevant to the claim against the building society , constituted ( i ) a plea of non est factum based on the proposition that Mrs. Steed did not know she had been appointed attorney and did not know she was signing a transfer of the property ; ( ii ) a plea that the transaction effected by the transfer was not a sale and was not within the power conferred by the power of attorney .
the new pleading , so far as relevant to the claim against the building society , [formed] ( i ) a plea of non est factum based on the proposition that mrs. steed did not know she had been appointed attorney and did not know she was signing a transfer of the property ; ( ii ) a plea that the transaction effected by the transfer was not a sale and was not within the power conferred by the power of attorney .

In February 1992 the Court of Appeal held that the terms of this letter constituted ‘ acquiescence ’ by the father within the meaning of article 13 of the Convention .
in february 1992 the court of appeal held that the terms of this letter [formed] ‘ acquiescence ’ by the father within the meaning of article 13 of the convention .

The administrators of a company issued an originating application against a bank registered in Jersey seeking , inter alia , declarations that the transfer to the bank of considerable sums of money belonging to the company by one of its directors constituted transactions at an undervalue within the meaning of section 238 of the Insolvency Act 1986 and also orders for repayment .
the administrators of a company issued an originating application against a bank registered in jersey seeking , inter alia , declarations that the transfer to the bank of considerable sums of money belonging to the company by one of its directors [formed] transactions at an undervalue within the meaning of section 238 of the insolvency act 1986 and also orders for repayment .

And there was not , it seems , any finding that Duval 's pressure on his wife to sign constituted undue influence .
and there was not , it seems , any finding that duval 's pressure on his wife to sign [formed] undue influence .

Even if the pressure had constituted undue influence , it would not , in my judgment , have affected the bank .
even if the pressure had [formed] undue influence , it would not , in my judgment , have affected the bank .

Subsequently , during the argument of the appeal in the present case , the same point came before a Court of Appeal , differently constituted , in Attorney-General v. Alick Au Shui Yuen ( unreported ) , 3 October 1991 ; Court of Appeal of Hong Kong , Civil Appeal No .
subsequently , during the argument of the appeal in the present case , the same point came before a court of appeal , differently [formed] , in attorney-general v. alick au shui yuen ( unreported ) , 3 october 1991 ; court of appeal of hong kong , civil appeal no .

As for the residence requirement , despite the fact that it applied in the same way to British nationals , it constituted covert discrimination on grounds of nationality in so far as , by the very nature of things , nationals of other member states were less likely to be ‘ resident ’ in the United Kingdom than British citizens .
as for the residence requirement , despite the fact that it applied in the same way to british nationals , it [formed] covert discrimination on grounds of nationality in so far as , by the very nature of things , nationals of other member states were less likely to be ‘ resident ’ in the united kingdom than british citizens .

Nationality and residence constituted criteria which a member state might legitimately employ to that end .
nationality and residence [formed] criteria which a member state might legitimately employ to that end .

At the hearing , the Commission of the European Communities argued that the registration of a vessel constituted in itself an act of establishment within the meaning of articles 52 et seq .
at the hearing , the commission of the european communities argued that the registration of a vessel [formed] in itself an act of establishment within the meaning of articles 52 et seq .

The plaintiff sought a declaration that the use of Bridge Road and the section of Medway Road between Bridge Road and its junction up to its junction with Mill Road by heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the premises of the fourth and fifth defendants at the Chatham Dockyard between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. constituted a public nuisance ; an injunction prohibiting the fourth and fifth defendants from causing or permitting heavy goods vehicles coming to or from their premises at Chatham Dockyard to use those roads between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. ; an injunction prohibiting the dock company from permitting heavy goods vehicles to enter or leave the Chatham Dockyard by the Gillingham Gate between those hours ; and a mandatory injunction requiring the dock company to take all steps within its power to prevent the use of those roads by heavy goods vehicles of the fourth and fifth defendants between those hours .
the plaintiff sought a declaration that the use of bridge road and the section of medway road between bridge road and its junction up to its junction with mill road by heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the premises of the fourth and fifth defendants at the chatham dockyard between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. [formed] a public nuisance ; an injunction prohibiting the fourth and fifth defendants from causing or permitting heavy goods vehicles coming to or from their premises at chatham dockyard to use those roads between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. ; an injunction prohibiting the dock company from permitting heavy goods vehicles to enter or leave the chatham dockyard by the gillingham gate between those hours ; and a mandatory injunction requiring the dock company to take all steps within its power to prevent the use of those roads by heavy goods vehicles of the fourth and fifth defendants between those hours .

The first question posed in the Conforama case was whether provisions prohibiting the employment of workers on Sundays constituted a measure having an equivalent effect to quantitative restrictions within the meaning of article 30 of the Treaty .
the first question posed in the conforama case was whether provisions prohibiting the employment of workers on sundays [formed] a measure having an equivalent effect to quantitative restrictions within the meaning of article 30 of the treaty .

( 1 ) For the administration of licensing with respect to alcoholic liquor on and after July 1 , 1977 , Scotland shall have licensing boards constituted in accordance with the provisions of this section .
( 1 ) for the administration of licensing with respect to alcoholic liquor on and after july 1 , 1977 , scotland shall have licensing boards [formed] in accordance with the provisions of this section .

( 5 ) Where a licence is granted by a board which has not been properly constituted or is otherwise not in accordance with the Act , the licence is void .
( 5 ) where a licence is granted by a board which has not been properly [formed] or is otherwise not in accordance with the act , the licence is void .

And to make this centrality of Christ even more emphatic the apostle ends his paragraph by reminding the readers that this mighty , risen , ascended Christ is the head of the body constituted by the Church , and his fullness fills their lives ( or , perhaps , their lives are the complement of his fullness , Eph .
and to make this centrality of christ even more emphatic the apostle ends his paragraph by reminding the readers that this mighty , risen , ascended christ is the head of the body [formed] by the church , and his fullness fills their lives ( or , perhaps , their lives are the complement of his fullness , eph .

This small ritual exchange , so invariable that she could silently mouth his words and had to resist an impulse to giggle , the familiar domestic aroma of the tea , the gradual warmth as she curved her hands around the thick mug , constituted a reassuring and comforting beginning to the working day .
this small ritual exchange , so invariable that she could silently mouth his words and had to resist an impulse to giggle , the familiar domestic aroma of the tea , the gradual warmth as she curved her hands around the thick mug , [formed] a reassuring and comforting beginning to the working day .

Given the likely involvement of a variety of people as a Decision Making Unit in purchase decisions , and the likelihood of particular contingencies affecting its Outcome , it will be important for the marketing function in supplier companies to : * understand how buying decisions are made ; * understand how the Decision Making Unit is constituted ; find out who are the most influential figures in the decision-making process .
given the likely involvement of a variety of people as a decision making unit in purchase decisions , and the likelihood of particular contingencies affecting its outcome , it will be important for the marketing function in supplier companies to : * understand how buying decisions are made ; * understand how the decision making unit is [formed] ; find out who are the most influential figures in the decision-making process .

As this provision catered for only a small proportion of part-time further education teachers and , with very few exceptions , led to no formal qualification , it in no way constituted an adequate or unified system of training .
as this provision catered for only a small proportion of part-time further education teachers and , with very few exceptions , led to no formal qualification , it in no way [formed] an adequate or unified system of training .

The vote against him was taken after the Secretary of the Society explained that ‘ we have constituted ourselves as it were the guardians of their [ women 's ] interests and in many cases … the custodians of their honour … We are in fact , the strong and they the weaker .
the vote against him was taken after the secretary of the society explained that ‘ we have [formed] ourselves as it were the guardians of their [ women 's ] interests and in many cases … the custodians of their honour … we are in fact , the strong and they the weaker .

Feminists were also considerably divided over what constituted an appropriate curriculum for girls .
feminists were also considerably divided over what [formed] an appropriate curriculum for girls .

Despite this the courts began to draw a dichotomy between administrative and judicial decisions , to take a narrow view of what constituted a judicial or quasi-judicial decision and to require this as a condition precedent for the application of a right to a hearing .
despite this the courts began to draw a dichotomy between administrative and judicial decisions , to take a narrow view of what [formed] a judicial or quasi-judicial decision and to require this as a condition precedent for the application of a right to a hearing .

Miliband argued , however , that this apparent plurality of interests was a sham because all of these elites together constituted a ruling class serving the interests of capitalism .
miliband argued , however , that this apparent plurality of interests was a sham because all of these elites together [formed] a ruling class serving the interests of capitalism .

The general principle they all provoke is this : all teaching involves dilemmas which arise when teachers seek to reconcile the various circumstances , contingencies and expectations of which the job , by its nature , is constituted ( Berlak and Berlak 1981 ; Nias 1989 ; Alexander 1988 , 1989 ) .
the general principle they all provoke is this : all teaching involves dilemmas which arise when teachers seek to reconcile the various circumstances , contingencies and expectations of which the job , by its nature , is [formed] ( berlak and berlak 1981 ; nias 1989 ; alexander 1988 , 1989 ) .

Moreover , it tended to present a view of practice as constituted largely of issues to do with the visual appearance of classrooms and matters of organization relating to children 's grouping .
moreover , it tended to present a view of practice as [formed] largely of issues to do with the visual appearance of classrooms and matters of organization relating to children 's grouping .

Coupled with the neglect of diagnosis and assessment in the ‘ needs ’ part of the programme , this constituted an approach to children 's learning which was too generalized and unfocused to have any significant impact .
coupled with the neglect of diagnosis and assessment in the ‘ needs ’ part of the programme , this [formed] an approach to children 's learning which was too generalized and unfocused to have any significant impact .

Indeed , he cut from his published version his original account of the hospitality they experienced — a pity because it constituted a valuable little sliver of social history , describing their arrival in ‘ a low parlour ’ of this two-storeyed house , to be greeted with tea from a silver service .
indeed , he cut from his published version his original account of the hospitality they experienced — a pity because it [formed] a valuable little sliver of social history , describing their arrival in ‘ a low parlour ’ of this two-storeyed house , to be greeted with tea from a silver service .

This was the backdrop to a rising tide of anti-trade-union sentiment and pressure by the media and employers culminating in the passing of the Labor-Management Relations Act 1947 ( the Taft-Hartley Act ) , which purported to recreate a more equitable balance of power between unions and management by prohibiting certain unfair practices by the former and providing specific rules for handling large strike which , in the president 's view , constituted national emergencies .
this was the backdrop to a rising tide of anti-trade-union sentiment and pressure by the media and employers culminating in the passing of the labor-management relations act 1947 ( the taft-hartley act ) , which purported to recreate a more equitable balance of power between unions and management by prohibiting certain unfair practices by the former and providing specific rules for handling large strike which , in the president 's view , [formed] national emergencies .

This sector constituted an immense reservoir of opposition to Unionism and indifference to moderation .
this sector [formed] an immense reservoir of opposition to unionism and indifference to moderation .

The schools were given six weeks in which to draw up a register of parents , but decisions had first to be made about what constituted a parent .
the schools were given six weeks in which to draw up a register of parents , but decisions had first to be made about what [formed] a parent .

Private residential homes — especially for elderly people — have constituted one of the growth industries during the 1980s .
private residential homes — especially for elderly people — have [formed] one of the growth industries during the 1980s .

We also knew that we constituted the stock middle-class ‘ Ladybird ’ family : Father who goes out to work , mother who works at home , one daughter and one son ; as such we are entirely unrepresentative of the average family .
we also knew that we [formed] the stock middle-class ‘ ladybird ’ family : father who goes out to work , mother who works at home , one daughter and one son ; as such we are entirely unrepresentative of the average family .

In Western eyes ( though contrary to historical evidence ) , it was constituted as a conservative culture , a culture of dogmatism and fanaticism .
in western eyes ( though contrary to historical evidence ) , it was [formed] as a conservative culture , a culture of dogmatism and fanaticism .

The 1970s and 1980s have constituted a period of major transformation in Britain 's demographic patterns , notwithstanding the almost stationary size of the national population itself .
the 1970s and 1980s have [formed] a period of major transformation in britain 's demographic patterns , notwithstanding the almost stationary size of the national population itself .

Other problems converged with this one , and the solution that was found constituted what seemed at the time a natural development , and seems in retrospect , the decisive start of a second stage .
other problems converged with this one , and the solution that was found [formed] what seemed at the time a natural development , and seems in retrospect , the decisive start of a second stage .

This paper has focused upon various elements , as they are presently constituted , of the first two years of a new degree in Education .
this paper has focused upon various elements , as they are presently [formed] , of the first two years of a new degree in education .

In November 1927 the Greater London Regional Planning Committee was constituted by the then Minister of Health , Neville Chamberlain .
in november 1927 the greater london regional planning committee was [formed] by the then minister of health , neville chamberlain .

Third , New Towns constituted experiments in social engineering — well in tune with the psychological requirements for post-war reconstruction .
third , new towns [formed] experiments in social engineering — well in tune with the psychological requirements for post-war reconstruction .

The house and the room within were like a peaceful island in the sea of activity that constituted the centre of London .
the house and the room within were like a peaceful island in the sea of activity that [formed] the centre of london .

Others among his newly constituted group were taller , broader in build , spoke another language and came from Dahomey .
others among his newly [formed] group were taller , broader in build , spoke another language and came from dahomey .

In about 1813–14 he organized in Bermondsey a society of workmen which virtually constituted a Mechanics ' Institute , almost ten years before those established by Leonard Horner [ q.v . ]
in about 1813–14 he organized in bermondsey a society of workmen which virtually [formed] a mechanics ' institute , almost ten years before those established by leonard horner [ q.v . ]

In 1897 she was appointed ‘ principal lady inspector of factories ’ and was given the task of heading the newly constituted women 's branch .
in 1897 she was appointed ‘ principal lady inspector of factories ’ and was given the task of heading the newly [formed] women 's branch .

Morris was to become his architectural collaborator , in effect succeeding Campbell in this role , the contact presumably having originated at Pembroke House , the building of which appears to have constituted Lord Herbert 's architectural apprenticeship .
morris was to become his architectural collaborator , in effect succeeding campbell in this role , the contact presumably having originated at pembroke house , the building of which appears to have [formed] lord herbert 's architectural apprenticeship .

He outraged respectable Victorian society by his public championing of the poor and his denunciations of the uncaring rich ; in addition , he not only espoused the cause of the theatre and ballet as harmless and enjoyable pastimes , but rejected entirely the received opinion that these entertainments constituted the inescapable gateway to the everlasting bonfire .
he outraged respectable victorian society by his public championing of the poor and his denunciations of the uncaring rich ; in addition , he not only espoused the cause of the theatre and ballet as harmless and enjoyable pastimes , but rejected entirely the received opinion that these entertainments [formed] the inescapable gateway to the everlasting bonfire .

It was under this imprint that the light romantic novels were issued which constituted the staple fare of Lane 's circulating libraries .
it was under this imprint that the light romantic novels were issued which [formed] the staple fare of lane 's circulating libraries .

His career marks an important stage in the development of party management in the post-1832 era , when legal registration of voters constituted a new factor in electoral calculations .
his career marks an important stage in the development of party management in the post-1832 era , when legal registration of voters [formed] a new factor in electoral calculations .

The central poem of her volume , which celebrates the ‘ worthy mind ’ of her patron Margaret , dowager Countess of Cumberland , is remarkable for managing to avoid the identification of female virtue with chastity , articulating in its place a feminine mastery of those dialectical skills which constituted the humanist ideal of masculine virtue .
the central poem of her volume , which celebrates the ‘ worthy mind ’ of her patron margaret , dowager countess of cumberland , is remarkable for managing to avoid the identification of female virtue with chastity , articulating in its place a feminine mastery of those dialectical skills which [formed] the humanist ideal of masculine virtue .

, an experience which constituted his architectural education .
, an experience which [formed] his architectural education .

His first proposals for Hagley were Gothic , while other projects included some designs for Arbury Hall , Warwickshire ( c .1750–2 ) , one of the best Gothic houses of the mid-eighteenth century , and his well-known work at Lacock Abbey , Wiltshire ( 1754–5 ) ; but his most characteristic products were his half-ruined mock castles — at Hagley ( 1747–8 ) , Wimpole Hall , Cambridgeshire ( designed 1749–51 , built 1772 ) , and Ingestre Hall , Staffordshire ( c .1750 , demolished ) — which , developing the theme of the Radway tower , constituted pictorial embodiments of historical memory .
his first proposals for hagley were gothic , while other projects included some designs for arbury hall , warwickshire ( c .1750–2 ) , one of the best gothic houses of the mid-eighteenth century , and his well-known work at lacock abbey , wiltshire ( 1754–5 ) ; but his most characteristic products were his half-ruined mock castles — at hagley ( 1747–8 ) , wimpole hall , cambridgeshire ( designed 1749–51 , built 1772 ) , and ingestre hall , staffordshire ( c .1750 , demolished ) — which , developing the theme of the radway tower , [formed] pictorial embodiments of historical memory .

Clearly the ideal security is one so constituted , but a legal interest can not be vested in thousands of debentureholders , nor can the deeds be split up amongst them .
clearly the ideal security is one so [formed] , but a legal interest can not be vested in thousands of debentureholders , nor can the deeds be split up amongst them .

the court held that assets subject to a floating charge constituted assets of the company for the purpose of paying the costs of the liquidation .
the court held that assets subject to a floating charge [formed] assets of the company for the purpose of paying the costs of the liquidation .

’ Another serious defect in the previous law , pinpointed by the Law Commission , was that when the section was read literally , liability was seen to turn on the question whether the victim was likely to respond in a way that constituted a breach of the peace in the face of threats , abuses and insults .
’ another serious defect in the previous law , pinpointed by the law commission , was that when the section was read literally , liability was seen to turn on the question whether the victim was likely to respond in a way that [formed] a breach of the peace in the face of threats , abuses and insults .

The Divisional Court concluded that nothing in that statement of facts constituted a threat , and the conviction was quashed .
the divisional court concluded that nothing in that statement of facts [formed] a threat , and the conviction was quashed .

That the Oxford English Dictionary should define disorderliness in terms of ‘ violating moral order , constituted authority , or recognised rule ’ simply serves to reinforce concern that the section may be seen to create an offence whose commission is in the eye of the beholder .
that the oxford english dictionary should define disorderliness in terms of ‘ violating moral order , [formed] authority , or recognised rule ’ simply serves to reinforce concern that the section may be seen to create an offence whose commission is in the eye of the beholder .

Actual organizational changes along these lines went further under Thatcher in Great Britain than they did under Reagan in the United States , but both constituted a significant attack on the status of public bureaucracies .
actual organizational changes along these lines went further under thatcher in great britain than they did under reagan in the united states , but both [formed] a significant attack on the status of public bureaucracies .

This act certainly constituted a legal precondition to the proclamation of Finland 's neutrality , but it coincided with a period in the mid and late 1950s when for various reasons the notion of neutrality in Europe suddenly gained a positive image among Soviet leaders .
this act certainly [formed] a legal precondition to the proclamation of finland 's neutrality , but it coincided with a period in the mid and late 1950s when for various reasons the notion of neutrality in europe suddenly gained a positive image among soviet leaders .

The Soviet aversion to this multilateral arrangement and the apparent Soviet-preference to deal bilaterally with Vietnam , Laos and Kampuchea reflects the Soviet opposition to the creation of blocs outside Soviet control , even if the blocs are constituted of states they accept as ‘ socialist ’ .
the soviet aversion to this multilateral arrangement and the apparent soviet-preference to deal bilaterally with vietnam , laos and kampuchea reflects the soviet opposition to the creation of blocs outside soviet control , even if the blocs are [formed] of states they accept as ‘ socialist ’ .

These may not have constituted bases in the fullest sense nor been intended as permanent strategic installations , but Western statesmen have focussed on their potential and the capabilities they give the Soviet Union .
these may not have [formed] bases in the fullest sense nor been intended as permanent strategic installations , but western statesmen have focussed on their potential and the capabilities they give the soviet union .

In Russia in the 1960s , which with only a tenth of the world 's railway mileage carried almost half the amount of freight moved by the rest of the world , coal and coke constituted a quarter of total freight , with other goods like petrol , oil , ore , and timber comprising only one-fifteenth each .
in russia in the 1960s , which with only a tenth of the world 's railway mileage carried almost half the amount of freight moved by the rest of the world , coal and coke [formed] a quarter of total freight , with other goods like petrol , oil , ore , and timber comprising only one-fifteenth each .

In 1870 grain constituted 27.5 per cent of total freight .
in 1870 grain [formed] 27.5 per cent of total freight .

Railway revenues constituted 8 per cent of the gross national product , and 4 per cent of all those employed in the United States — about 1.7 million people — worked for the railways .
railway revenues [formed] 8 per cent of the gross national product , and 4 per cent of all those employed in the united states — about 1.7 million people — worked for the railways .

The ‘ historical avant-garde ’ of the 1920s — especially Dada and surrealism , but also constructivism , De Stijl , the Bauhaus , and Neue Sachlichkeit — was postmodern in the sense that it constituted a radical attack on the autonomy , on the aura , of the aesthetic .
the ‘ historical avant-garde ’ of the 1920s — especially dada and surrealism , but also constructivism , de stijl , the bauhaus , and neue sachlichkeit — was postmodern in the sense that it [formed] a radical attack on the autonomy , on the aura , of the aesthetic .

If the relationship bourgeoisie is constituted via the popular classes in Paris and via the court aristocracy in Vienna , then it is constituted via the state in Berlin .
if the relationship bourgeoisie is [formed] via the popular classes in paris and via the court aristocracy in vienna , then it is [formed] via the state in berlin .

Use of the single stroke was limited to specific circumstances not all of which signified gracing , while the double stroke constituted a sign of embellishment largely at the discretion of the player — a discretion tempered by harmonic and rhythmic context and , it is to be hoped , good taste .
use of the single stroke was limited to specific circumstances not all of which signified gracing , while the double stroke [formed] a sign of embellishment largely at the discretion of the player — a discretion tempered by harmonic and rhythmic context and , it is to be hoped , good taste .

The decision has caused considerable controversy and been criticized as an excessive response to the problem , but Mayor Jean Baylaucq justified it on the grounds that the bears constituted a threat to animals and humans .
the decision has caused considerable controversy and been criticized as an excessive response to the problem , but mayor jean baylaucq justified it on the grounds that the bears [formed] a threat to animals and humans .

Their report warned , however , that forest loss in Brazil still constituted `` an environmental disaster `` .
their report warned , however , that forest loss in brazil still [formed] `` an environmental disaster `` .

Section 4 ( 1 ) ( f ) provides : ( f ) that the defect ( i ) constituted a defect in a product ( `` the subsequent product `` ) in which the product in question had been comprised ; and ( ii ) was wholly attributable to the design of the subsequent product or to compliance by the producer of the product in question with instructions given by the producer of the subsequent product .
section 4 ( 1 ) ( f ) provides : ( f ) that the defect ( i ) [formed] a defect in a product ( `` the subsequent product `` ) in which the product in question had been comprised ; and ( ii ) was wholly attributable to the design of the subsequent product or to compliance by the producer of the product in question with instructions given by the producer of the subsequent product .

Every statement makes truth-claims — a prerequisite for literal meaning to be constituted — even if the speaker is not committed to the truth of what is said .
every statement makes truth-claims — a prerequisite for literal meaning to be [formed] — even if the speaker is not committed to the truth of what is said .

Such arguments would have been powerless , even silly , if everyone thought that the practices they challenged needed no support beyond convention or that these practices constituted the game of law in the way the rules of chess constitute that game .
such arguments would have been powerless , even silly , if everyone thought that the practices they challenged needed no support beyond convention or that these practices [formed] the game of law in the way the rules of chess constitute that game .

In other parts of Britain such ideas were more difficult to put across except to relatively small minorities or in the predominantly proletarian areas of central Scotland where miners , engineers and shipbuilders also constituted the majority of wage earners .
in other parts of britain such ideas were more difficult to put across except to relatively small minorities or in the predominantly proletarian areas of central scotland where miners , engineers and shipbuilders also [formed] the majority of wage earners .

The parliaments of 1931 and 1935 contained an unprecedented number of groups and remnants , apart from the solid bloc of Conservatives who always constituted a majority .
the parliaments of 1931 and 1935 contained an unprecedented number of groups and remnants , apart from the solid bloc of conservatives who always [formed] a majority .

The basic difficulty was that the purchasers of land were compelled to pay a premium above the existing use value in order to persuade an owner to sell : a development charge of 100 per cent therefore constituted a permanent addition to the cost of development . Moreover , the basis of the development charge was uncertain :
the basic difficulty was that the purchasers of land were compelled to pay a premium above the existing use value in order to persuade an owner to sell : a development charge of 100 per cent therefore [formed] a permanent addition to the cost of development . moreover , the basis of the development charge was uncertain :

Life events were three times more common among depressed patients and depressed women in the community than among nondepressed women ( 61 per cent , 68 per cent and 20 per cent ) , but only if the events constituted a marked or moderate long-term threat and focused on the woman herself or jointly with someone else .
life events were three times more common among depressed patients and depressed women in the community than among nondepressed women ( 61 per cent , 68 per cent and 20 per cent ) , but only if the events [formed] a marked or moderate long-term threat and focused on the woman herself or jointly with someone else .

However , those advocating an outright ban on new sole practices and a phased abolition of existing ones constituted only a small , if not insignificant , minority of respondents .
however , those advocating an outright ban on new sole practices and a phased abolition of existing ones [formed] only a small , if not insignificant , minority of respondents .

To expect her to bury herself in the back of beyond , away from all her friends with just Penry Vaughan for company , constituted adequate grounds for divorce in her view .
to expect her to bury herself in the back of beyond , away from all her friends with just penry vaughan for company , [formed] adequate grounds for divorce in her view .

She had just spent a weekend at home in Belfast dutifully admiring the latest Hennessy grandchild and enduring countless little digs about good Catholic girls and settling down to raise a family instead of racketing about the world enjoying herself — as if it was such a sin to enjoy life , for God 's sake , she thought angrily , and anyway six years as Sister in the accident and emergency department of the Audley Memorial in Suffolk hardly constituted racketing ! Anybody would think she was a promiscuous little tart , the way her family reproached her for her single status …
she had just spent a weekend at home in belfast dutifully admiring the latest hennessy grandchild and enduring countless little digs about good catholic girls and settling down to raise a family instead of racketing about the world enjoying herself — as if it was such a sin to enjoy life , for god 's sake , she thought angrily , and anyway six years as sister in the accident and emergency department of the audley memorial in suffolk hardly [formed] racketing ! anybody would think she was a promiscuous little tart , the way her family reproached her for her single status …

An individual many be part of several different teams , and teams are constituted and disbanded as the needs of the business require .
an individual many be part of several different teams , and teams are [formed] and disbanded as the needs of the business require .

Both parties agreed that not all the information on the systems constituted records .
both parties agreed that not all the information on the systems [formed] records .

It maintained that the two elements taken together constituted the record and the material must be retained in a way that includes all the pertinent information .
it maintained that the two elements taken together [formed] the record and the material must be retained in a way that includes all the pertinent information .

( 2 ) Where the partnership has originally been constituted by deed , a notice in writing , signed by the partner giving it , shall be sufficient for this purpose .
( 2 ) where the partnership has originally been [formed] by deed , a notice in writing , signed by the partner giving it , shall be sufficient for this purpose .

In 1979 , one-third of all marriages constituted remarriages for one or both partners .
in 1979 , one-third of all marriages [formed] remarriages for one or both partners .

Although much remained the same as before — the new electorate constituted but one-thirtieth of the population , 31 boroughs still had fewer than 300 electors in each , voting remained by open ballot ( secret ballots were considered rather un-English ) , and the aristocracy still held great sway politically — the act precipitated important changes both within and outside the House of Commons .
although much remained the same as before — the new electorate [formed] but one-thirtieth of the population , 31 boroughs still had fewer than 300 electors in each , voting remained by open ballot ( secret ballots were considered rather un-english ) , and the aristocracy still held great sway politically — the act precipitated important changes both within and outside the house of commons .

In past centuries , when few statutes were enacted , common law constituted the main body of English law ; today , it has been largely but not wholly displaced by statute law .
in past centuries , when few statutes were enacted , common law [formed] the main body of english law ; today , it has been largely but not wholly displaced by statute law .

Walter Bagehot 's The English Constitution , published in 1867 , constituted a classic description of a Constitution that had not previously been so well sketched , yet a Constitution that was to undergo significant modifications as a result of the passage that very year of the Second Reform Act .
walter bagehot 's the english constitution , published in 1867 , [formed] a classic description of a constitution that had not previously been so well sketched , yet a constitution that was to undergo significant modifications as a result of the passage that very year of the second reform act .

It is amazing that you can still read calculations like my haemoglobin calculation , used as though they constituted arguments against Darwin 's theory .
it is amazing that you can still read calculations like my haemoglobin calculation , used as though they [formed] arguments against darwin 's theory .

The idea that design was a form of knowing in its own right — and one moreover significantly different from and possibly , in certain respects , superior to , the analogous `` prestige `` model — was never explored ; indeed given the processes of false rationalism noted above , could never have been since the prerequisites of a truly rational model of design activity — comprehension of all of design 's moments as a prelude to modelling what whole they constituted in interaction — were never realised .
the idea that design was a form of knowing in its own right — and one moreover significantly different from and possibly , in certain respects , superior to , the analogous `` prestige `` model — was never explored ; indeed given the processes of false rationalism noted above , could never have been since the prerequisites of a truly rational model of design activity — comprehension of all of design 's moments as a prelude to modelling what whole they [formed] in interaction — were never realised .

It seems necessary to remind de Man ( who claims that `` deconstruction is not something that we have added to the text but it constituted it in the first place `` ) of Todorov 's statement that de Man himself quotes in Blindness and Insight :
it seems necessary to remind de man ( who claims that `` deconstruction is not something that we have added to the text but it [formed] it in the first place `` ) of todorov 's statement that de man himself quotes in blindness and insight :

The first speaker had clear ideas of what constituted quality training .
the first speaker had clear ideas of what [formed] quality training .

Wild mustelids , principally mink and otter , constituted a large proportion of the trade , and together with two large rodents — beaver and muskrat — they fuelled the economy of the northern lands .
wild mustelids , principally mink and otter , [formed] a large proportion of the trade , and together with two large rodents — beaver and muskrat — they fuelled the economy of the northern lands .

Formally independent of each other , these seven companies together constituted public service broadcasting : the state monopoly of the airways — and of the content of broadcasting — persisted .
formally independent of each other , these seven companies together [formed] public service broadcasting : the state monopoly of the airways — and of the content of broadcasting — persisted .

Rather , it is to agree with his conclusion that , while for the articulate elite , like the artisans who constituted the Owenite membership of the National Union of Working Classes and Others and who debated reform at the London Rotunda , the kind of reform they wanted — annual parliaments , universal suffrage and the ballot — was just what Grey expressly denied .
rather , it is to agree with his conclusion that , while for the articulate elite , like the artisans who [formed] the owenite membership of the national union of working classes and others and who debated reform at the london rotunda , the kind of reform they wanted — annual parliaments , universal suffrage and the ballot — was just what grey expressly denied .

The truth is that , as the Co-operative Manufacturing Society was constituted , it was not — for all the Pioneers ' intentions to the contrary — a genuine co-operative .
the truth is that , as the co-operative manufacturing society was [formed] , it was not — for all the pioneers ' intentions to the contrary — a genuine co-operative .

The legitimacy of this claim is shown by Nicaragua 's subsequent commencement of proceedings against Costa Rica and Honduras in which Honduras alleged that the Nicaraguan claims constituted an ‘ artificial and arbitrary ’ dividing up of the tension within the area .
the legitimacy of this claim is shown by nicaragua 's subsequent commencement of proceedings against costa rica and honduras in which honduras alleged that the nicaraguan claims [formed] an ‘ artificial and arbitrary ’ dividing up of the tension within the area .

Territorial regimes constituted by a multilateral treaty ( often as part of a peace settlement ) were also regarded as capable of constituting an exception to the classic rule .
territorial regimes [formed] by a multilateral treaty ( often as part of a peace settlement ) were also regarded as capable of constituting an exception to the classic rule .

The United States might have argued that Nicaragua 's concealment of its incapacity constituted fraud and was thus a ground for invalidating its consent .
the united states might have argued that nicaragua 's concealment of its incapacity [formed] fraud and was thus a ground for invalidating its consent .

The Organisation would have been without a legally constituted Safety Committee and unable to perform its designated functions .
the organisation would have been without a legally [formed] safety committee and unable to perform its designated functions .

" not advisable to adopt the suggestions of the Visitors : the School in its present state works exceedingly well and it is very doubtful if a more extended course of the higher branches of education would be equally beneficial to the great mass of residents in Stockport and its vicinity , who are anxious to avail themselves of the instruction afforded to their children in the School as at present constituted . "
" not advisable to adopt the suggestions of the visitors : the school in its present state works exceedingly well and it is very doubtful if a more extended course of the higher branches of education would be equally beneficial to the great mass of residents in stockport and its vicinity , who are anxious to avail themselves of the instruction afforded to their children in the school as at present [formed] . "

As at present constituted the magnitude of the South-East region , with 8.0 m. electors in 1987 , would be disproportionately large and that of East Anglia with just under 1.5 m. disproportionately small .
as at present [formed] the magnitude of the south-east region , with 8.0 m. electors in 1987 , would be disproportionately large and that of east anglia with just under 1.5 m. disproportionately small .

By 1913–14 , over £25,000 was being given away in this manner and in return the Central Office agents were able to ensure the appointment of suitable constituency agents and the choice of good candidate The outlay constituted only about a tenth of the whole of the local parties `` expenditure , but a much higher proportion of the expenditure of the backward parties most in need of reform .
by 1913–14 , over £25,000 was being given away in this manner and in return the central office agents were able to ensure the appointment of suitable constituency agents and the choice of good candidate the outlay [formed] only about a tenth of the whole of the local parties `` expenditure , but a much higher proportion of the expenditure of the backward parties most in need of reform .

Such an open-ended commitment to a government that most Unionists regarded with contempt could hardly last for long : Law found it convenient to make use of the Unionist Business Committee , constituted in January 1915 as an official opposition group , and he suggested Walter Long as its chairman , so harnessing Long 's vindictive powers and giving the party some means of influencing the government without breaking the party truce .
such an open-ended commitment to a government that most unionists regarded with contempt could hardly last for long : law found it convenient to make use of the unionist business committee , [formed] in january 1915 as an official opposition group , and he suggested walter long as its chairman , so harnessing long 's vindictive powers and giving the party some means of influencing the government without breaking the party truce .

It all constituted a splendid achievement .
it all [formed] a splendid achievement .

However , responses to Newbolt were to become the focus of the first major ideological rift within the class-based cultural movement , a rift which was to undermine the strategy proposed in the Report and usher in an era in which English would be constituted in much more limited cultural terms .
however , responses to newbolt were to become the focus of the first major ideological rift within the class-based cultural movement , a rift which was to undermine the strategy proposed in the report and usher in an era in which english would be [formed] in much more limited cultural terms .

The professional ideal for the discipline was constituted as the achievement of a complete `` personality `` ; a quality and character understood to be inalienable , and therefore immune from the mutabilities of style , manner , vocabulary , and imagery .
the professional ideal for the discipline was [formed] as the achievement of a complete `` personality `` ; a quality and character understood to be inalienable , and therefore immune from the mutabilities of style , manner , vocabulary , and imagery .

As has already been noted ( pp , 92–3 ) , Bickersteth had argued , even before the outbreak of the war , that English ( if constituted as the university in miniature ) was the academic discipline best suited to offer a degree of human wisdom appropriate to such a task .
as has already been noted ( pp , 92–3 ) , bickersteth had argued , even before the outbreak of the war , that english ( if [formed] as the university in miniature ) was the academic discipline best suited to offer a degree of human wisdom appropriate to such a task .

However , he says , if English is to be constituted as a truly cultural subject , it must abandon the pre-war approach of covering the ground `` , and concentrate instead upon improving reading ability and training taste , which in turn requires a `` discipline `` .
however , he says , if english is to be [formed] as a truly cultural subject , it must abandon the pre-war approach of covering the ground `` , and concentrate instead upon improving reading ability and training taste , which in turn requires a `` discipline `` .

Then a complete rehearing before a differently constituted body would be needed in order for justice to be seen to be done .
then a complete rehearing before a differently [formed] body would be needed in order for justice to be seen to be done .

In Dicey 's words it meant that ‘ whenever men act in concert for a common purpose they tend to create a body , which from no fiction of law but from the very nature of things , differs from the individuals of whom it is constituted .
in dicey 's words it meant that ‘ whenever men act in concert for a common purpose they tend to create a body , which from no fiction of law but from the very nature of things , differs from the individuals of whom it is [formed] .

The company is simply treated as an organization constituted by the contract between its members .
the company is simply treated as an organization [formed] by the contract between its members .

Investigations of public law on taxation and social security reveal how internally the family is constituted by legal structures external to it .
investigations of public law on taxation and social security reveal how internally the family is [formed] by legal structures external to it .

The Huyghes immediately announced they were bringing charges on two counts because the communiqué constituted a violation of professional secrecy and because it could influence legal investigations .
the huyghes immediately announced they were bringing charges on two counts because the communiqué [formed] a violation of professional secrecy and because it could influence legal investigations .

In each case , the program output constituted a set of scores , which corresponded to the number of strong overlaps and weak overlaps for each pair .
in each case , the program output [formed] a set of scores , which corresponded to the number of strong overlaps and weak overlaps for each pair .

The stewardship constituted a significant extension of Gloucester 's sphere of influence .
the stewardship [formed] a significant extension of gloucester 's sphere of influence .

The additions to his power in the course of the 1470s may have constituted a reassessment of his position , with the king 's perception of his role developing as the duke matured .
the additions to his power in the course of the 1470s may have [formed] a reassessment of his position , with the king 's perception of his role developing as the duke matured .

Outside the north these rarely constituted a coherent connection , but as individuals they provided a necessary point of contact with the area concerned , through which the duke could take action .
outside the north these rarely [formed] a coherent connection , but as individuals they provided a necessary point of contact with the area concerned , through which the duke could take action .

Lawyers for whom ducal service constituted a major part of their career were more likely to have been drawn from outside the duke 's regional orbit .
lawyers for whom ducal service [formed] a major part of their career were more likely to have been drawn from outside the duke 's regional orbit .

His first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned Rivers and Grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him constituted treason .
his first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned rivers and grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him [formed] treason .

In Jacques Lacan 's reinterpretation of Freud , sexuality , or rather sexual desire , is constituted in language : it is the law of the Father , the castration fear , and the pained entry of the child into the ‘ symbolic order ’ , that is the world of language and meaning , at the Oedipal moment , which instigates ‘ desire ’ .
in jacques lacan 's reinterpretation of freud , sexuality , or rather sexual desire , is [formed] in language : it is the law of the father , the castration fear , and the pained entry of the child into the ‘ symbolic order ’ , that is the world of language and meaning , at the oedipal moment , which instigates ‘ desire ’ .

It is in this context that we must read the definitions and practices that constituted Victorian sexuality .
it is in this context that we must read the definitions and practices that [formed] victorian sexuality .

It was female sexuality that constituted the social problem , because through it the race was perpetuated .
it was female sexuality that [formed] the social problem , because through it the race was perpetuated .

Smelser argues that male trade-union agitation against married women 's employment after the 1830s was due to the enforced decline of employment opportunities for children and hence the need for an adult presence in a newly constituted home life .
smelser argues that male trade-union agitation against married women 's employment after the 1830s was due to the enforced decline of employment opportunities for children and hence the need for an adult presence in a newly [formed] home life .

It is constituted in the Statutes and Ordnances of the University , as a body restricted to graduates and members of staff of the University which has a formal role in the overall structure of the government of the institution .
it is [formed] in the statutes and ordnances of the university , as a body restricted to graduates and members of staff of the university which has a formal role in the overall structure of the government of the institution .

At a committee meeting of Standing Committee of Convocation it was resolved that the Chairman of Standing Committee should write to the Chairperson of Hong Kong ‘ Branch ’ with the proposal that the ‘ Branch ’ should become a properly constituted Branch of Convocation , enclosing a model constitution for information .
at a committee meeting of standing committee of convocation it was resolved that the chairman of standing committee should write to the chairperson of hong kong ‘ branch ’ with the proposal that the ‘ branch ’ should become a properly [formed] branch of convocation , enclosing a model constitution for information .

On receiving a letter from the Chairperson of the of the Hong Kong ‘ Branch ’ Standing Committee resolved that the Branch should be formally constituted with the provision that all members of the Branch were registered members of Convocation .
on receiving a letter from the chairperson of the of the hong kong ‘ branch ’ standing committee resolved that the branch should be formally [formed] with the provision that all members of the branch were registered members of convocation .

They identified two distinct social problems : the ‘ low , loafing class ’ , the ‘ residuum ’ at the bottom of society , the very poor and irregularly employed who constituted a permanent problem ; and the élite of respectable labourers who suffered occasional problems of poverty due to unemployment , sickness and old age .
they identified two distinct social problems : the ‘ low , loafing class ’ , the ‘ residuum ’ at the bottom of society , the very poor and irregularly employed who [formed] a permanent problem ; and the élite of respectable labourers who suffered occasional problems of poverty due to unemployment , sickness and old age .

Substantially rewarded as they often were from ecclesiastical revenues they constituted only a minor burden on the Crown .
substantially rewarded as they often were from ecclesiastical revenues they [formed] only a minor burden on the crown .

Evaluation of current practice , review of equipment ( including an audit of all ward refrigerator temperatures ) and planning of training in conjunction with the personnel department constituted the initial stage of the review process at Forth Valley .
evaluation of current practice , review of equipment ( including an audit of all ward refrigerator temperatures ) and planning of training in conjunction with the personnel department [formed] the initial stage of the review process at forth valley .

The Tokugawa confirmed their hold on power by a complex structure of physical , political and economic controls over the several hundred local lords ( daimyo ) whose domains ( han ) made up the rest of the country , the samurai ( warrior ) class who constituted their followers and the populace who resided within their territories .
the tokugawa confirmed their hold on power by a complex structure of physical , political and economic controls over the several hundred local lords ( daimyo ) whose domains ( han ) made up the rest of the country , the samurai ( warrior ) class who [formed] their followers and the populace who resided within their territories .

The presence of such ‘ advisers ’ would have constituted a severe infringement of China 's political autonomy .
the presence of such ‘ advisers ’ would have [formed] a severe infringement of china 's political autonomy .

By the early nineteenth century , however , some social values constituted a significant part of the morality of more than one caste .
by the early nineteenth century , however , some social values [formed] a significant part of the morality of more than one caste .

Although still ranking lowest in the official hierarchy , merchants ' expanding wealth and influence , and the degree to which the samurai ruling class was dependent on them , constituted a major anomaly within the system .
although still ranking lowest in the official hierarchy , merchants ' expanding wealth and influence , and the degree to which the samurai ruling class was dependent on them , [formed] a major anomaly within the system .

This is especially true of the female workers who constituted the bulk of the textile labour force throughout the prewar period , at a time when textiles were the key to exports and industrial growth .
this is especially true of the female workers who [formed] the bulk of the textile labour force throughout the prewar period , at a time when textiles were the key to exports and industrial growth .

We can speak here of the constitutive role of religious beliefs — in the sense that they have constituted an explanation for phenomena that have subsequently proved explicable without theological reference .
we can speak here of the constitutive role of religious beliefs — in the sense that they have [formed] an explanation for phenomena that have subsequently proved explicable without theological reference .

As religious beliefs have constituted science , so scientific creeds have constituted an alternative religion .
as religious beliefs have [formed] science , so scientific creeds have [formed] an alternative religion .

When the British Association for the Advancement of Science had been founded in the early 1830s , clerics had constituted some thirty percent of its membership .
when the british association for the advancement of science had been founded in the early 1830s , clerics had [formed] some thirty percent of its membership .

The argument is not that Protestant religion constituted a primary , independent variable on which science depended , but that , through reciprocal interaction , a higher value was gradually placed on the practical sciences .
the argument is not that protestant religion [formed] a primary , independent variable on which science depended , but that , through reciprocal interaction , a higher value was gradually placed on the practical sciences .

Her argument was that simulated sexual acts on the stage , an attempted scene of male rape , were not only offensive but constituted a criminal offence under Section 13 of the Sexual Offences Act 1956 .
her argument was that simulated sexual acts on the stage , an attempted scene of male rape , were not only offensive but [formed] a criminal offence under section 13 of the sexual offences act 1956 .

It is a rule-articulated association which leaves its citizens free to pursue their own interests ; civil association is not constituted for any common purpose .
it is a rule-articulated association which leaves its citizens free to pursue their own interests ; civil association is not [formed] for any common purpose .

Universitas may be identified with enterprise association since it embodies the idea of a managerial state constituted in the pursuit of a set of purposes .
universitas may be identified with enterprise association since it embodies the idea of a managerial state [formed] in the pursuit of a set of purposes .

But , having constituted a sovereign office of legislature , he does not follow Hobbes in holding that the authority of law rests solely on authorization .
but , having [formed] a sovereign office of legislature , he does not follow hobbes in holding that the authority of law rests solely on authorization .

Or the society constituted by the class that traditionally was born to rule ?
or the society [formed] by the class that traditionally was born to rule ?

This pillar , which constituted a defence of the common law tradition , seems to be firmly rooted in the ancient conception , for the rather simple reason that this conception of the rule of law is clearly reflected in the common law tradition itself .
this pillar , which [formed] a defence of the common law tradition , seems to be firmly rooted in the ancient conception , for the rather simple reason that this conception of the rule of law is clearly reflected in the common law tradition itself .

In concluding the lament that constituted his 1914 Introduction , Dicey tried to end on an optimistic note .
in concluding the lament that [formed] his 1914 introduction , dicey tried to end on an optimistic note .

But their primary thrust constituted an attack on Dicey 's twin principles of parliamentary sovereignty and the rule of law .
but their primary thrust [formed] an attack on dicey 's twin principles of parliamentary sovereignty and the rule of law .

He believed that the implementation of politics constituted its essence , that ‘ a working theory of the state must , in fact , be conceived in administrative terms ’ .
he believed that the implementation of politics [formed] its essence , that ‘ a working theory of the state must , in fact , be conceived in administrative terms ’ .

Even if individually neither their lives nor their property were secure , collectively they constituted an interest group with whom the Grand Prince was intimately bound up .
even if individually neither their lives nor their property were secure , collectively they [formed] an interest group with whom the grand prince was intimately bound up .

Their prosperity was directly dependent upon political favour : the government itself constituted the most valuable market , established monopolies in the most lucrative goods , disposed of much of the available credit , and had the legal power to advance or halt new ventures .
their prosperity was directly dependent upon political favour : the government itself [formed] the most valuable market , established monopolies in the most lucrative goods , disposed of much of the available credit , and had the legal power to advance or halt new ventures .

The army itself constituted a major drain on the economy .
the army itself [formed] a major drain on the economy .

Even where noble interests constituted no barrier , the government 's effective power was severely limited by the rudimentary nature of the bureaucratic apparatus available to it .
even where noble interests [formed] no barrier , the government 's effective power was severely limited by the rudimentary nature of the bureaucratic apparatus available to it .

The head of the Third Section had explicitly warned Nicholas that friction between serf and master constituted a time-bomb which threatened the whole Empire .
the head of the third section had explicitly warned nicholas that friction between serf and master [formed] a time-bomb which threatened the whole empire .

For all princes , the communal movement raised a rather different problem : each privileged community , whether fully self-governing or merely franchised , constituted in enclave subject to different rules from its neighbours ; it was not therefore easily absorbed into the administrative framework of castellanies which the princes of the north were seeking to clarify and define .
for all princes , the communal movement raised a rather different problem : each privileged community , whether fully self-governing or merely franchised , [formed] in enclave subject to different rules from its neighbours ; it was not therefore easily absorbed into the administrative framework of castellanies which the princes of the north were seeking to clarify and define .

We note in passing that initially there was no universal agreement about what exactly constituted a group .
we note in passing that initially there was no universal agreement about what exactly [formed] a group .

Further , he might find it interesting ( and salutary ) to read ( see , for example , [ 71 ] , [ 115 ] ) how such great mathematicians as Euler , d'Alembert and Daniel Bernoulli came , around 1750 , to arguing about their respective solutions to the `` vibrating string `` problem essentially because their ideas as to what constituted a function did not coincide .
further , he might find it interesting ( and salutary ) to read ( see , for example , [ 71 ] , [ 115 ] ) how such great mathematicians as euler , d'alembert and daniel bernoulli came , around 1750 , to arguing about their respective solutions to the `` vibrating string `` problem essentially because their ideas as to what [formed] a function did not coincide .

The author of the Vindiciae similarly asserts that since `` none were ever born with crowns on their heads and sceptres in their hands , and [ since ] no man can be a king by himself , nor reign without a people … it must of necessity follow , that kings were at first constituted by the people . ``
the author of the vindiciae similarly asserts that since `` none were ever born with crowns on their heads and sceptres in their hands , and [ since ] no man can be a king by himself , nor reign without a people … it must of necessity follow , that kings were at first [formed] by the people . ``

But who constituted `` the people `` , whose rights against monarchs were so ringingly asserted by the Calvinist and Huguenot writers ?
but who [formed] `` the people `` , whose rights against monarchs were so ringingly asserted by the calvinist and huguenot writers ?

… even after the Revolutionary Democratic Government is constituted , we will have to continue to fight against the traditional attitudes of men and women .
… even after the revolutionary democratic government is [formed] , we will have to continue to fight against the traditional attitudes of men and women .

Mental events , like most events , are composite-they contain or are constituted of other mental events .
mental events , like most events , are composite-they contain or are [formed] of other mental events .

Corruption , taking bribes , failure to declare a conflict in interests have all constituted contempts .
corruption , taking bribes , failure to declare a conflict in interests have all [formed] contempts .

When formally constituted to meet the project expectations , the committee consisted of : the Director of Studies/IS Coordinator ; the head of audio-visual and learning resources ; the teacher-librarian ; a deputy head representing the senior management team ; teachers representing science , humanities and English .
when formally [formed] to meet the project expectations , the committee consisted of : the director of studies/is coordinator ; the head of audio-visual and learning resources ; the teacher-librarian ; a deputy head representing the senior management team ; teachers representing science , humanities and english .

Others believed the panel to be constituted on a representative basis , so that the coordinating committee was entitled to no more than one seat on the panel that it had created , while others appear to have seen the panel as relating more to the county inservice activities than to the project itself .
others believed the panel to be [formed] on a representative basis , so that the coordinating committee was entitled to no more than one seat on the panel that it had created , while others appear to have seen the panel as relating more to the county inservice activities than to the project itself .

It is necessary to remind ourselves that involvement in the project constituted a significant staff-development exercise in its own right .
it is necessary to remind ourselves that involvement in the project [formed] a significant staff-development exercise in its own right .

In some areas , such Partnerships already exist , in others they have yet to be constituted .
in some areas , such partnerships already exist , in others they have yet to be [formed] .

In some areas , such Partnerships already exist ; in others they have yet to be constituted .
in some areas , such partnerships already exist ; in others they have yet to be [formed] .

Local government services for black people had been developed in the context of urban deprivation ( page 218 ) with the implication that black people constituted a ‘ problem ’ requiring additional specific provision such as language tuition .
local government services for black people had been developed in the context of urban deprivation ( page 218 ) with the implication that black people [formed] a ‘ problem ’ requiring additional specific provision such as language tuition .

British universities for a long time were relatively much more interested in the anthropological investigation of so-called ‘ primitive ’ societies in the more remote areas of the world , and British sociology constituted a relatively minor discipline , centred mainly on the London School of Economics .
british universities for a long time were relatively much more interested in the anthropological investigation of so-called ‘ primitive ’ societies in the more remote areas of the world , and british sociology [formed] a relatively minor discipline , centred mainly on the london school of economics .

The burgesses constituted a growing challenge to the social relations of feudalism .
the burgesses [formed] a growing challenge to the social relations of feudalism .

In the St Ann 's study , the sick and disabled constituted the fourth largest category of the poor .
in the st ann 's study , the sick and disabled [formed] the fourth largest category of the poor .

The legal concept of what constituted riotous assembly had proved utterly inadequate to the complexities of modem politics .
the legal concept of what [formed] riotous assembly had proved utterly inadequate to the complexities of modem politics .

There can be little doubt that his tactics constituted an invitation to the French to catch and challenge him .
there can be little doubt that his tactics [formed] an invitation to the french to catch and challenge him .

Together they acted as recruiters responsible for bringing together the large numbers of men who constituted the armies of the day .
together they acted as recruiters responsible for bringing together the large numbers of men who [formed] the armies of the day .

This discussion if we may call it that — was part of a wider , on-going debate of what constituted true nobility .
this discussion if we may call it that — was part of a wider , on-going debate of what [formed] true nobility .

While they made a deep impression upon French society in this age , it should not be forgotten that mercenaries constituted a phenomenon encountered elsewhere , in Spain , in Germany and , in particular , in the country dominated by merchant states , Italy .
while they made a deep impression upon french society in this age , it should not be forgotten that mercenaries [formed] a phenomenon encountered elsewhere , in spain , in germany and , in particular , in the country dominated by merchant states , italy .

The form of ‘ unofficial ’ war which they fought was more characteristic of brigandage and open robbery , but it would be wrong to assume that those who constituted the Companies were all , of necessity , men of criminal background or low degree .
the form of ‘ unofficial ’ war which they fought was more characteristic of brigandage and open robbery , but it would be wrong to assume that those who [formed] the companies were all , of necessity , men of criminal background or low degree .

Yet since these can not have presented much of an obstacle , they were of little or no use against large and determined forces of men , against whom only walled towns and castles constituted reasonably sure places of safety .
yet since these can not have presented much of an obstacle , they were of little or no use against large and determined forces of men , against whom only walled towns and castles [formed] reasonably sure places of safety .

These years clearly constituted a period of transition .
these years clearly [formed] a period of transition .

Who exactly constituted Jesus 's following ? Who constituted the throngs which , on his entry into Jerusalem , acclaimed him as the son of David , the rightful king , the anointed one , the Messiah ? Who , among the population of the Holy Land at the time , had a vested interest in seeing his enterprise succeed ? From whom did his support derive ?
who exactly [formed] jesus 's following ? who [formed] the throngs which , on his entry into jerusalem , acclaimed him as the son of david , the rightful king , the anointed one , the messiah ? who , among the population of the holy land at the time , had a vested interest in seeing his enterprise succeed ? from whom did his support derive ?

Roman rites — to Jupiter , for instance — were transplanted to Palestine , as well , of course , as the official worship of the emperor which constituted Rome 's state religion .
roman rites — to jupiter , for instance — were transplanted to palestine , as well , of course , as the official worship of the emperor which [formed] rome 's state religion .

We do know the names of those who constituted the Nazarean party .
we do know the names of those who [formed] the nazarean party .

The ‘ adherents of the bloodline ’ would have constituted a relatively small circle of probably aristocratic or patrician caste , members of Jesus 's own family and families related to it .
the ‘ adherents of the bloodline ’ would have [formed] a relatively small circle of probably aristocratic or patrician caste , members of jesus 's own family and families related to it .

Paul 's preaching and Pauline thought constituted the ‘ deviation ’ , while Nazarean tradition — which Paul defied and which Pauline thought supplanted — was the closest thing to a ‘ pure ’ Christianity that ever existed .
paul 's preaching and pauline thought [formed] the ‘ deviation ’ , while nazarean tradition — which paul defied and which pauline thought supplanted — was the closest thing to a ‘ pure ’ christianity that ever existed .

The Norwegian court issued a second Letter of Request and the ‘ civil or commercial ’ point was taken again , and argued before a differently constituted Court of Appeal .
the norwegian court issued a second letter of request and the ‘ civil or commercial ’ point was taken again , and argued before a differently [formed] court of appeal .

The Divisional Court in that case distinguished between the obtaining of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which constituted ‘ testimony ’ under that Act and which would be gathered in response to a Letter of Request , and the obtaining of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the English courts would not assist a foreign court to obtain such ‘ indirect ’ material .
the divisional court in that case distinguished between the obtaining of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which [formed] ‘ testimony ’ under that act and which would be gathered in response to a letter of request , and the obtaining of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the english courts would not assist a foreign court to obtain such ‘ indirect ’ material .

Many of his lower-deck characters were comic figures — Chucks the boatswain in Peter Simple , for example , whose passionate desire to be a gentleman is satisfied when in return for his help with the newly constituted Danish Navy he is awarded the title of Count Schucksen , or Muddle the carpenter in the same book , who believes the world works in a repeating cycle of 27,672 years .
many of his lower-deck characters were comic figures — chucks the boatswain in peter simple , for example , whose passionate desire to be a gentleman is satisfied when in return for his help with the newly [formed] danish navy he is awarded the title of count schucksen , or muddle the carpenter in the same book , who believes the world works in a repeating cycle of 27,672 years .

This comes only when , after a lowering of tension , the boys are summoned from London to the newly constituted Samavia and Marco , expecting to see his father as a loyal subject near the throne , is rewarded to the full for his devoted service , as he realises it is his father who is the restored King .
this comes only when , after a lowering of tension , the boys are summoned from london to the newly [formed] samavia and marco , expecting to see his father as a loyal subject near the throne , is rewarded to the full for his devoted service , as he realises it is his father who is the restored king .

School life is lived in a society that is constituted in the course of lessons .
school life is lived in a society that is [formed] in the course of lessons .

Tajfel ( 1972 ) , in a series of studies conducted within the old ‘ experimentalist ’ paradigm , examined the tendency of quite accidentally constituted groups to begin to act against each other .
tajfel ( 1972 ) , in a series of studies conducted within the old ‘ experimentalist ’ paradigm , examined the tendency of quite accidentally [formed] groups to begin to act against each other .

And Lacan argued that the human subject must be seen as constituted through language , through entry into the Symbolic Order .
and lacan argued that the human subject must be seen as [formed] through language , through entry into the symbolic order .

In all of these activities the Faculty and the Institute , although constituted as independent professional bodies , will be working closely together as a single profession .
in all of these activities the faculty and the institute , although [formed] as independent professional bodies , will be working closely together as a single profession .

Two of the Faculty 's departments , the Centre for Criminology and the Social and Philosophical Study of Law and the Europa Institute , are constituted as inter-Faculty Centres .
two of the faculty 's departments , the centre for criminology and the social and philosophical study of law and the europa institute , are [formed] as inter-faculty centres .

The question to be faced after the Robbins deliberations was whether the solutions they had proposed for the CATs constituted a model for future action .
the question to be faced after the robbins deliberations was whether the solutions they had proposed for the cats [formed] a model for future action .

In the Neolithic period , totalitarian states emerged as a result of the reappearance of profound inequalities made possible by the acquisition of agricultural surpluses , whereas in the modern epoch most of the comparable states emerged out of periods of revolution and upheaval constituted mainly by a struggle for equality — a fact that has had the odd consequence of leaving all modern police states with official ideologies strongly committed to a non-existent freedom and egalitarianism for their citizens .
in the neolithic period , totalitarian states emerged as a result of the reappearance of profound inequalities made possible by the acquisition of agricultural surpluses , whereas in the modern epoch most of the comparable states emerged out of periods of revolution and upheaval [formed] mainly by a struggle for equality — a fact that has had the odd consequence of leaving all modern police states with official ideologies strongly committed to a non-existent freedom and egalitarianism for their citizens .

But evidently her appearance that first evening had constituted a rule rather than an exception .
but evidently her appearance that first evening had [formed] a rule rather than an exception .

In Hegel 's conception of the state the bureaucracy constituted a ‘ universal ’ estate , capable of universal insight and universal will .
in hegel 's conception of the state the bureaucracy [formed] a ‘ universal ’ estate , capable of universal insight and universal will .

This constituted an important source of financial support .
this [formed] an important source of financial support .

In Britain in the second half of the nineteenth century , for example , the highest-ranking bureaucrats were drawn from the land-owning class , while the bourgeoisie constituted the hegemonic class .
in britain in the second half of the nineteenth century , for example , the highest-ranking bureaucrats were drawn from the land-owning class , while the bourgeoisie [formed] the hegemonic class .

The privileges enjoyed by the bureaucrats of communist regimes have constituted part of the evidence around which the debate about class relations has evolved .
the privileges enjoyed by the bureaucrats of communist regimes have [formed] part of the evidence around which the debate about class relations has evolved .

It is constituted in a way that is in principle different from a class .
it is [formed] in a way that is in principle different from a class .

Considerable discretion was delegated to field officers who constituted the core of the imperial administrative structure .
considerable discretion was delegated to field officers who [formed] the core of the imperial administrative structure .

The stewardship constituted a significant extension of Gloucester 's sphere of influence .
the stewardship [formed] a significant extension of gloucester 's sphere of influence .

The additions to his power in the course of the 1470s may have constituted a reassessment of his position , with the king 's perception of his role developing as the duke matured .
the additions to his power in the course of the 1470s may have [formed] a reassessment of his position , with the king 's perception of his role developing as the duke matured .

Outside the north these rarely constituted a coherent connection , but as individuals they provided a necessary point of contact with the area concerned , through which the duke could take action .
outside the north these rarely [formed] a coherent connection , but as individuals they provided a necessary point of contact with the area concerned , through which the duke could take action .

Lawyers for whom ducal service constituted a major part of their career were more likely to have been drawn from outside the duke 's regional orbit .
lawyers for whom ducal service [formed] a major part of their career were more likely to have been drawn from outside the duke 's regional orbit .

His first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned Rivers and Grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him constituted treason .
his first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned rivers and grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him [formed] treason .

Early in the fifteenth century , the problem of what constituted a nation arose as a practical issue at the Council of Constance , and , as might be expected in an assembly which contained many distinguished academics , the issue was debated in theoretical terms , although the original cause of the debate was essentially political .
early in the fifteenth century , the problem of what [formed] a nation arose as a practical issue at the council of constance , and , as might be expected in an assembly which contained many distinguished academics , the issue was debated in theoretical terms , although the original cause of the debate was essentially political .

And it was Morse himself who had initiated the arrest of Mr Edward Stratton as he stepped off his plane in New York ; Morse himself who had spoken with the aforementioned Stratton for forty-six minutes , seven seconds — as measured by the recently installed meter in the recently constituted Telephone Room at St Aldate 's .
and it was morse himself who had initiated the arrest of mr edward stratton as he stepped off his plane in new york ; morse himself who had spoken with the aforementioned stratton for forty-six minutes , seven seconds — as measured by the recently installed meter in the recently [formed] telephone room at st aldate 's .

The Russian Congress , constituted as a result of elections in March [ see p. 37322 , where the elections are stated wrongly to be for the Russian Supreme Soviet ] and comprising 1,068 deputies , convened on May 16 .
the russian congress , [formed] as a result of elections in march [ see p. 37322 , where the elections are stated wrongly to be for the russian supreme soviet ] and comprising 1,068 deputies , convened on may 16 .

The Supreme Court , overturning a ruling by the High Court on March 16 , 1989 , ruled that such offences constituted political offences under Section 50 of the Extradition Act 1965 , and that the principles laid down in the case of Finucane also applied in Carron 's case .
the supreme court , overturning a ruling by the high court on march 16 , 1989 , ruled that such offences [formed] political offences under section 50 of the extradition act 1965 , and that the principles laid down in the case of finucane also applied in carron 's case .

The two Appeals Court judges who constituted the majority opinion , David Sentelle and Laurence Silberman , were both appointees of President Reagan , who had been consistent in his support of North .
the two appeals court judges who [formed] the majority opinion , david sentelle and laurence silberman , were both appointees of president reagan , who had been consistent in his support of north .

At the time of the coups the Melanesian and Indian communities each constituted a minority of the total population but were approximately equal in size .
at the time of the coups the melanesian and indian communities each [formed] a minority of the total population but were approximately equal in size .

On July 28 the new Armenian Supreme Soviet ( constituted on July 20 following elections begun in May ) openly defied Gorbachev by voting to suspend application of his decree on Armenian territory .
on july 28 the new armenian supreme soviet ( [formed] on july 20 following elections begun in may ) openly defied gorbachev by voting to suspend application of his decree on armenian territory .

As the result of republican elections on Jan. 7 , a new Turkmen Supreme Soviet was constituted on Jan. 19 .
as the result of republican elections on jan. 7 , a new turkmen supreme soviet was [formed] on jan. 19 .

Bhutto responded by dismissing charges of corruption as a `` slander campaign `` , and declared that although the President 's call for fresh elections constituted a `` smokescreen `` , her party would `` go to the people `` if required .
bhutto responded by dismissing charges of corruption as a `` slander campaign `` , and declared that although the president 's call for fresh elections [formed] a `` smokescreen `` , her party would `` go to the people `` if required .

In total , the upper castes accounted for less than 20 per cent of the country 's total population , but their members constituted a closed political and economic elite .
in total , the upper castes accounted for less than 20 per cent of the country 's total population , but their members [formed] a closed political and economic elite .

The coup attempt constituted the severest test faced by Najibullah 's regime since the Soviet military withdrawal in February 1989 [ see pp .
the coup attempt [formed] the severest test faced by najibullah 's regime since the soviet military withdrawal in february 1989 [ see pp .

At first it seemed that he intended to resist the radical proposals put forward by delegates , when during radio broadcasts of the debates he was heard angrily to interrupt the speakers , declaring on Feb. 27 that the proceedings constituted a `` civilian coup d'état `` .
at first it seemed that he intended to resist the radical proposals put forward by delegates , when during radio broadcasts of the debates he was heard angrily to interrupt the speakers , declaring on feb. 27 that the proceedings [formed] a `` civilian coup d'état `` .

The BCP-affiliated Dimitrov Young Communist League dissolved itself at an extraordinary congress on Feb. 24-25 , and an independent Bulgarian Democratic Youth Social Organization was constituted in its place .
the bcp-affiliated dimitrov young communist league dissolved itself at an extraordinary congress on feb. 24-25 , and an independent bulgarian democratic youth social organization was [formed] in its place .

They denied that subjects possessed inalienable natural rights which would allow them to question the legitimacy of duly constituted authority , and those who maintained that sovereignty was vested in the Crown-in-Parliament did so in order to undermine Whig populist notions that the people could call their rulers to account .
they denied that subjects possessed inalienable natural rights which would allow them to question the legitimacy of duly [formed] authority , and those who maintained that sovereignty was vested in the crown-in-parliament did so in order to undermine whig populist notions that the people could call their rulers to account .

It is an important part of the market as at present constituted that market makers be able to deal freely with each other so that each can eliminate undesired surpluses or shortages of stock arising from past or prospective business with clients .
it is an important part of the market as at present [formed] that market makers be able to deal freely with each other so that each can eliminate undesired surpluses or shortages of stock arising from past or prospective business with clients .

Not even American hostility to the British Empire as then constituted — and so resolutely defended by him — seriously disturbed his belief that Britain would find her main security in a transatlantic relationship .
not even american hostility to the british empire as then [formed] — and so resolutely defended by him — seriously disturbed his belief that britain would find her main security in a transatlantic relationship .

At all times Eisenhower was guided by strong views as to what constituted the best interests of the United States and its allies — even if in pursuit of those ends he felt obliged to act so vigorously against Britain and France .
at all times eisenhower was guided by strong views as to what [formed] the best interests of the united states and its allies — even if in pursuit of those ends he felt obliged to act so vigorously against britain and france .

What constituted equality is open to question ; certainly it is unlikely that there was a strict division according to acreage .
what [formed] equality is open to question ; certainly it is unlikely that there was a strict division according to acreage .

What was important was the fact that after 508 the catholic Church defined the Christian community which constituted the regnum Francorum .
what was important was the fact that after 508 the catholic church defined the christian community which [formed] the regnum francorum .

Although there is nothing in the early Merovingian period to compare with the concern shown by the eighth-century Anglo-Saxons as to what constituted the prohibited degrees of marriage , there was considerable worry about uncanonical sexual relations .
although there is nothing in the early merovingian period to compare with the concern shown by the eighth-century anglo-saxons as to what [formed] the prohibited degrees of marriage , there was considerable worry about uncanonical sexual relations .

Although those who studied at Kiev University ( Vil'na 's successor ) had to know enough Russian to understand lectures , they constituted the majority of the new university 's students for the first thirty years of its life and did not need Russian to consort with their peers .
although those who studied at kiev university ( vil'na 's successor ) had to know enough russian to understand lectures , they [formed] the majority of the new university 's students for the first thirty years of its life and did not need russian to consort with their peers .

What exactly the government did mean by freedom was hard to discern in the nineteen legislative Acts which together constituted the emancipation .
what exactly the government did mean by freedom was hard to discern in the nineteen legislative acts which together [formed] the emancipation .

Joint sessions of JPs constituted the second tier of the new judicial administration .
joint sessions of jps [formed] the second tier of the new judicial administration .

These , with a further six unpaid students who joined in 1714 , constituted the academy .
these , with a further six unpaid students who joined in 1714 , [formed] the academy .

This agreement constituted and evidenced by this letter and your acceptance of it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and all disputes and claims arising hereunder shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts .
this agreement [formed] and evidenced by this letter and your acceptance of it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with english law and all disputes and claims arising hereunder shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the english courts .

She brought her haul of county match appearances up to 99 , while the number of times she played for her club — she was playing for Ganton up until a few months before her death — must have constituted a record .
she brought her haul of county match appearances up to 99 , while the number of times she played for her club — she was playing for ganton up until a few months before her death — must have [formed] a record .

Dissatisfied parents are given a right of appeal to a specially constituted appeal committee and from there to the sheriff .
dissatisfied parents are given a right of appeal to a specially [formed] appeal committee and from there to the sheriff .

The report also proposes that formally constituted management associations should be established to guide and coordinate the use and long-term development of individual commons .
the report also proposes that formally [formed] management associations should be established to guide and coordinate the use and long-term development of individual commons .

The duty not to ask and the right not to answer relates to the actual spent offence and , in terms of section 4 ( 1 ) ( b ) , also to any circumstances ancillary to it , including the conduct that constituted the offence , proceedings preliminary to sentence , the sentence itself and any review or appeal proceedings .
the duty not to ask and the right not to answer relates to the actual spent offence and , in terms of section 4 ( 1 ) ( b ) , also to any circumstances ancillary to it , including the conduct that [formed] the offence , proceedings preliminary to sentence , the sentence itself and any review or appeal proceedings .

This fact is used as if it constituted evidence against the theories that those chemists are trying to test .
this fact is used as if it [formed] evidence against the theories that those chemists are trying to test .

But if this civitas was constituted during the last half of the second century , the problem remains : why was the forum , if it was a forum , never completed ?
but if this civitas was [formed] during the last half of the second century , the problem remains : why was the forum , if it was a forum , never completed ?

The vehicle had slowed to a halt almost opposite the front door but on the other side of the round lawn which constituted the carriage sweep .
the vehicle had slowed to a halt almost opposite the front door but on the other side of the round lawn which [formed] the carriage sweep .

The Conventional Rules of Duty constituted , or rather replaced , all metaphysical systems within the Eternal Galaxy .
the conventional rules of duty [formed] , or rather replaced , all metaphysical systems within the eternal galaxy .

Separate Audit and Remuneration Committees under the Chairmanship of have been constituted to formally replace the Committee of Non-Executive Directors which for many years has provided the Executive Chairman with independent advice on matters concerning the appointment and remuneration of Executive Directors and senior executives and on audit .
separate audit and remuneration committees under the chairmanship of have been [formed] to formally replace the committee of non-executive directors which for many years has provided the executive chairman with independent advice on matters concerning the appointment and remuneration of executive directors and senior executives and on audit .

‘ That the Dawson International Executive Share Option Scheme 1993 , the provisions of which are summarised in the Appendix to the letter to members of the Company dated 16th June 1993 , to be constituted by the Rules produced in draft to this meeting and for the purposes of identification initialled by the Chairman hereof , be and is hereby approved and the Directors be and are hereby authorised to do all acts and things which they may consider necessary or expedient for implementing and giving effect to the same including making such amendments to the Rules as may be necessary to gain the approval of the Inland Revenue . ’
‘ that the dawson international executive share option scheme 1993 , the provisions of which are summarised in the appendix to the letter to members of the company dated 16th june 1993 , to be [formed] by the rules produced in draft to this meeting and for the purposes of identification initialled by the chairman hereof , be and is hereby approved and the directors be and are hereby authorised to do all acts and things which they may consider necessary or expedient for implementing and giving effect to the same including making such amendments to the rules as may be necessary to gain the approval of the inland revenue . ’

Rather , he was arguing that there is indeed a ‘ biotic ’ level to human behaviour , one constituted by instincts of survival and competition .
rather , he was arguing that there is indeed a ‘ biotic ’ level to human behaviour , one [formed] by instincts of survival and competition .

Furthermore , since social change is constituted partly by active individuals , such understandings must have major implications in terms of understanding social change .
furthermore , since social change is [formed] partly by active individuals , such understandings must have major implications in terms of understanding social change .

Civil society is constituted by the social relationships and processes outside paid employment and not immediately affected by the state .
civil society is [formed] by the social relationships and processes outside paid employment and not immediately affected by the state .

The candidate thus elected by the Party in the House of Commons will be presented for confirmation as Party leader to a Party meeting constituted as follows : Members of the House of Commons in receipt of the Conservative whip ; Members of the House of Lords in receipt of the Conservative whip ; Adopted Parliamentary candidates ; Members of the Executive Committee of the National Union not already included in the above categories . ( a ) The first Conservative election ( 1965 )
the candidate thus elected by the party in the house of commons will be presented for confirmation as party leader to a party meeting [formed] as follows : members of the house of commons in receipt of the conservative whip ; members of the house of lords in receipt of the conservative whip ; adopted parliamentary candidates ; members of the executive committee of the national union not already included in the above categories . ( a ) the first conservative election ( 1965 )

Dr Linebaugh has suggested that much so-called criminal activity on the part of working people was identified in the process of transformation of the wage from a form in which money constituted a substantial part of the wage to one based wholly on it .
dr linebaugh has suggested that much so-called criminal activity on the part of working people was identified in the process of transformation of the wage from a form in which money [formed] a substantial part of the wage to one based wholly on it .

As two econometric historians have succinctly expressed it : `` Those who were the beneficiaries of the uncaptured social gains were the residents of the geographical area served by a particular canal … and the same groups constituted the main recipients of private returns . ``
as two econometric historians have succinctly expressed it : `` those who were the beneficiaries of the uncaptured social gains were the residents of the geographical area served by a particular canal … and the same groups [formed] the main recipients of private returns . ``

This in turn could have brought higher incomes for farmers , and , since they constituted a significant section of the consuming population , a consequent increase in their demand for manufactured goods .
this in turn could have brought higher incomes for farmers , and , since they [formed] a significant section of the consuming population , a consequent increase in their demand for manufactured goods .

In 1950 the 660,000 tribespeople constituted 91 per cent of the total population of the Hill Tracts .
in 1950 the 660,000 tribespeople [formed] 91 per cent of the total population of the hill tracts .

In the 1970s , when declining profitability caused plant closures in the industrialized North , they constituted cheap labour for richer countries .
in the 1970s , when declining profitability caused plant closures in the industrialized north , they [formed] cheap labour for richer countries .

of the poll tax — for a family of two adults and two primary school children who use the cheapest form of fuel and do not ’ waste ’ their income through smoking and drinking , constituted two thirds of the minimum sum experts have identified as sufficient to meet their living requirements .
of the poll tax — for a family of two adults and two primary school children who use the cheapest form of fuel and do not ’ waste ’ their income through smoking and drinking , [formed] two thirds of the minimum sum experts have identified as sufficient to meet their living requirements .

To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if he will state the amounts of Exchequer revenue raised from value added tax in each of the years 1978-79 , 1986-87 and 1990-91 ; and indicate what percentage of total Exchequer revenue raised in each of these years these figures constituted .
to ask the chancellor of the exchequer if he will state the amounts of exchequer revenue raised from value added tax in each of the years 1978-79 , 1986-87 and 1990-91 ; and indicate what percentage of total exchequer revenue raised in each of these years these figures [formed] .

Cultural artefacts and occurrences often previously perceived on the margins of what constituted the culture — for example how a culture defined and treated insanity — were recognised as an aid in revealing a great deal about the cultural orders celebrated at a society 's centre ( e.g .
cultural artefacts and occurrences often previously perceived on the margins of what [formed] the culture — for example how a culture defined and treated insanity — were recognised as an aid in revealing a great deal about the cultural orders celebrated at a society 's centre ( e.g .

The basis of his theory of democracy is a theory of capitalist enterprise , and Schumpeter emphasizes the connection not only by discussing the historical relation between capitalism and democracy , but by treating political parties as analogous to business concerns engaged in a competitive struggle ( for power in one case , profits in the other ) the aim of which for each party/enterprise is to increase its share of the market ( constituted by voters or consumers ) .
the basis of his theory of democracy is a theory of capitalist enterprise , and schumpeter emphasizes the connection not only by discussing the historical relation between capitalism and democracy , but by treating political parties as analogous to business concerns engaged in a competitive struggle ( for power in one case , profits in the other ) the aim of which for each party/enterprise is to increase its share of the market ( [formed] by voters or consumers ) .

Stateless societies are so constituted that the kaleidoscopic succession of concrete social situations provides the stimulus that motivates each individual to act for his own interest or for that of close kin and neighbours with whom he is so totally involved , in a manner which maintains the fabric of society … the lack of specialized roles and the resulting multiplex quality of social networks mean that neither economic nor political ends can be exclusively pursued by anyone to the detriment of society , because the ends are intertwined with each other and further channelled by ritual and controlled by the beliefs which ritual expresses .
stateless societies are so [formed] that the kaleidoscopic succession of concrete social situations provides the stimulus that motivates each individual to act for his own interest or for that of close kin and neighbours with whom he is so totally involved , in a manner which maintains the fabric of society … the lack of specialized roles and the resulting multiplex quality of social networks mean that neither economic nor political ends can be exclusively pursued by anyone to the detriment of society , because the ends are intertwined with each other and further channelled by ritual and controlled by the beliefs which ritual expresses .

Of course , such studies still need some general concepts , which may be relevant in analysing any political system , and they may also arrive at conclusions about the relative importance of diverse elements — property ownership , social classes , political elites however constituted , military power , and myth and ideology as means of legitimating authority — which affect its character in greater or lesser degree .
of course , such studies still need some general concepts , which may be relevant in analysing any political system , and they may also arrive at conclusions about the relative importance of diverse elements — property ownership , social classes , political elites however [formed] , military power , and myth and ideology as means of legitimating authority — which affect its character in greater or lesser degree .

Mannheim 's comparison between belonging to a generation and belonging to a class also provides a model for the analysis of other important ‘ common locations ’ , such as those constituted by ethnicity or gender .
mannheim 's comparison between belonging to a generation and belonging to a class also provides a model for the analysis of other important ‘ common locations ’ , such as those [formed] by ethnicity or gender .

All she had to do was steel herself to get through the forthcoming weeks until he returned to Hong Kong and she was left to immerse herself in this new job in peace , free of the distraction he constituted .
all she had to do was steel herself to get through the forthcoming weeks until he returned to hong kong and she was left to immerse herself in this new job in peace , free of the distraction he [formed] .

Panicked , she did n't want it to be true , because if it was , it increased the threat he constituted a thousandfold .
panicked , she did n't want it to be true , because if it was , it increased the threat he [formed] a thousandfold .

Now that Luke no longer wanted her , he would n't care about anything she did , so no action of hers constituted defiance .
now that luke no longer wanted her , he would n't care about anything she did , so no action of hers [formed] defiance .

The British party indeed congratulated itself on having fought to keep such matters as foreign and social policy out of that part of the text which in its view constituted the ‘ genuine ’ amendments to the Treaty of Rome .
the british party indeed congratulated itself on having fought to keep such matters as foreign and social policy out of that part of the text which in its view [formed] the ‘ genuine ’ amendments to the treaty of rome .

In both 1925 and 1990 proponents of fixed exchange rates resorted to statements , often unsupported by argument , about their perceived benefits over a properly constituted financial policy for controlling inflation .
in both 1925 and 1990 proponents of fixed exchange rates resorted to statements , often unsupported by argument , about their perceived benefits over a properly [formed] financial policy for controlling inflation .

The first is that its signing constituted a reversal of the process towards a federal state of Europe .
the first is that its signing [formed] a reversal of the process towards a federal state of europe .

Yet he had been unable to deny , especially when alcohol had begun to leech the starch from his scholarly brain , that her avid interest in the distant doings of Everett , Morpurgo and the Tyrrell Society was inexplicable , unless it constituted a cause corresponding in some way to the effect of her disappearance .
yet he had been unable to deny , especially when alcohol had begun to leech the starch from his scholarly brain , that her avid interest in the distant doings of everett , morpurgo and the tyrrell society was inexplicable , unless it [formed] a cause corresponding in some way to the effect of her disappearance .

Side by side with this European aspect of the balance of power went another and increasingly important one — that constituted by events on the oceans and in Europe 's colonies overseas .
side by side with this european aspect of the balance of power went another and increasingly important one — that [formed] by events on the oceans and in europe 's colonies overseas .

She had only had dinner with him once , which hardly constituted an exclusive relationship .
she had only had dinner with him once , which hardly [formed] an exclusive relationship .

The Formalists ' preoccupation with form derived from their preoccupation with the specificity of literariness and never constituted an end in itself .
the formalists ' preoccupation with form derived from their preoccupation with the specificity of literariness and never [formed] an end in itself .

For the Formalists originality is constituted only by a reworking of the available devices and not by a personal vision in the lived experience of writers .
for the formalists originality is [formed] only by a reworking of the available devices and not by a personal vision in the lived experience of writers .

The fact that the specificity of literary science is constituted by literariness means that an historical dimension is inevitably brought into play .
the fact that the specificity of literary science is [formed] by literariness means that an historical dimension is inevitably brought into play .

Saussure 's fundamental proposal is that languages are systems , constituted by signs that are arbitrary and differential .
saussure 's fundamental proposal is that languages are systems , [formed] by signs that are arbitrary and differential .

The error of so many critics and scholars is to write as if the paraphrasable elements in literature constituted its substance , whereas the value of literature is to be found not in propositions , but in relationships , and these relationships are not logical , but imaginative .
the error of so many critics and scholars is to write as if the paraphrasable elements in literature [formed] its substance , whereas the value of literature is to be found not in propositions , but in relationships , and these relationships are not logical , but imaginative .

Barthes identifies five major codes by which literature is constituted .
barthes identifies five major codes by which literature is [formed] .

Section 27(1) . Valuable consideration for a bill may be constituted by :
section 27(1) . valuable consideration for a bill may be [formed] by :

It is therefore my opinion that on his findings of fact in the present case , the judge was entitled to hold , as he did , that the defendants ' promise to pay the extra £10,300 was supported by valuable consideration , and thus constituted an enforceable agreement .
it is therefore my opinion that on his findings of fact in the present case , the judge was entitled to hold , as he did , that the defendants ' promise to pay the extra £10,300 was supported by valuable consideration , and thus [formed] an enforceable agreement .

Aesthetic objects are therefore not simply illuminated by attention but rather their very structure and texture is constituted and made intelligible by it .
aesthetic objects are therefore not simply illuminated by attention but rather their very structure and texture is [formed] and made intelligible by it .

Canon Wheeler 's was the first and largest of the block of three houses which constituted Canons ' Court .
canon wheeler 's was the first and largest of the block of three houses which [formed] canons ' court .

The courts of Charlemagne and Louis the Pious had constituted major centres of demand not only for peasant surpluses but for items of conspicuous consumption purveyed via emporia like Dorestad and Quentovic .
the courts of charlemagne and louis the pious had [formed] major centres of demand not only for peasant surpluses but for items of conspicuous consumption purveyed via emporia like dorestad and quentovic .

Although Franco 's position seemed unassailable in May 1939 , the state of the Spanish economy constituted a potentially disastrous hole in the dyke .
although franco 's position seemed unassailable in may 1939 , the state of the spanish economy [formed] a potentially disastrous hole in the dyke .

The composition of the new cabinet announced in February 1957 constituted Franco 's attempt to resolve the dilemma he faced by being both immobile and innovative at the same time !
the composition of the new cabinet announced in february 1957 [formed] franco 's attempt to resolve the dilemma he faced by being both immobile and innovative at the same time !

This depends on such considerations as whether the wider context includes an indication of negation or counterfactuality , and also on the lexical character of the verb with which the adjective is in immediate construction , since the property of the adjective is not applied to the entity in isolation but only as part of the property complex constituted by the adjective and the verb properties taken together .
this depends on such considerations as whether the wider context includes an indication of negation or counterfactuality , and also on the lexical character of the verb with which the adjective is in immediate construction , since the property of the adjective is not applied to the entity in isolation but only as part of the property complex [formed] by the adjective and the verb properties taken together .

The Church made the law on marriage — who might marry and with whom and what constituted a marriage .
the church made the law on marriage — who might marry and with whom and what [formed] a marriage .

The answer lies in the provision of a structured Church and in the definition of what constituted heretical belief .
the answer lies in the provision of a structured church and in the definition of what [formed] heretical belief .

Normally a control group and an experimental group are constituted deliberately by matching subjects on relevant characteristics and then randomly allocating one of each matched pair to the control or the experimental group respectively .
normally a control group and an experimental group are [formed] deliberately by matching subjects on relevant characteristics and then randomly allocating one of each matched pair to the control or the experimental group respectively .

Indeed , arguments about the relationship constituted much of the core debate as is evidenced by the attention given to it by classical figures such as Weber and Durkheim .
indeed , arguments about the relationship [formed] much of the core debate as is evidenced by the attention given to it by classical figures such as weber and durkheim .

Attitude research was the property of no school in this respect and constituted a set of problems to which all might contribute .
attitude research was the property of no school in this respect and [formed] a set of problems to which all might contribute .

This constituted an apparent retreat from earlier calls by the Palestinian negotiating team for a total freeze on settlement building .
this [formed] an apparent retreat from earlier calls by the palestinian negotiating team for a total freeze on settlement building .

On July 13 an accord was signed in Gaza between the Fatah group , which constituted the mainstream of the Palestine Liberation Organization , and Hamas ( " Islamic Resistance Movement " ) .
on july 13 an accord was signed in gaza between the fatah group , which [formed] the mainstream of the palestine liberation organization , and hamas ( " islamic resistance movement " ) .

The Congress announced after 10 days of debate that " while emphasizing its adherence to Libyan penal and procedural laws the General People 's Committee [ equivalent to a Council of Ministers ] do not object to the investigation and trial being carried out through the committee of seven constituted by the Arab League [ see p. 38883 ] or through the United Nations before a just and fair court to be agreed on " .
the congress announced after 10 days of debate that " while emphasizing its adherence to libyan penal and procedural laws the general people 's committee [ equivalent to a council of ministers ] do not object to the investigation and trial being carried out through the committee of seven [formed] by the arab league [ see p. 38883 ] or through the united nations before a just and fair court to be agreed on " .

Changes to the law relating to agricultural land introduced in late April and early May constituted the first major reform of land-tenure legislation since 1969 .
changes to the law relating to agricultural land introduced in late april and early may [formed] the first major reform of land-tenure legislation since 1969 .

Based on a study undertaken by the Commission in August 1988 , the report found that Aborigines — who constituted 1.1 per cent of Australia 's total population — accounted for 29 per cent of those taken into police custody nationwide .
based on a study undertaken by the commission in august 1988 , the report found that aborigines — who [formed] 1.1 per cent of australia 's total population — accounted for 29 per cent of those taken into police custody nationwide .

Ciskei was one of 10 `` homelands `` or bantustans created under the apartheid regime ; four of these , including Ciskei , had accepted a nominal independence from South Africa which no other country had recognized , but which constituted an additional obstacle to the transition to a post-apartheid South Africa .
ciskei was one of 10 `` homelands `` or bantustans created under the apartheid regime ; four of these , including ciskei , had accepted a nominal independence from south africa which no other country had recognized , but which [formed] an additional obstacle to the transition to a post-apartheid south africa .

His remarks gave offence to Bulgaria 's neighbour , Greece , whose ambassador was instructed to protest on the grounds that `` the possible recognition of Skopje under the historical Greek name of Macedonia `` constituted `` an unfriendly stance with negative consequences for relations `` .
his remarks gave offence to bulgaria 's neighbour , greece , whose ambassador was instructed to protest on the grounds that `` the possible recognition of skopje under the historical greek name of macedonia `` [formed] `` an unfriendly stance with negative consequences for relations `` .

Although the Khafji offensive technically constituted an Iraqi military defeat , it was seen to have brought important political and morale benefits to Iraq .
although the khafji offensive technically [formed] an iraqi military defeat , it was seen to have brought important political and morale benefits to iraq .

Judge Tadao Kasuya of the Sendai High Court ruled on Jan. 10 that official visits by the Prime Minister or the Emperor to the Yasukuni shrine , a Shinto temple in central Tokyo , constituted a violation of the Constitution .
judge tadao kasuya of the sendai high court ruled on jan. 10 that official visits by the prime minister or the emperor to the yasukuni shrine , a shinto temple in central tokyo , [formed] a violation of the constitution .

At the initiative of the centrist faction , however , the Court adopted a new test of the constitutionality of state abortion laws , by considering whether or not they constituted an `` absolute obstacle or severe limitation to the abortion decision `` .
at the initiative of the centrist faction , however , the court adopted a new test of the constitutionality of state abortion laws , by considering whether or not they [formed] an `` absolute obstacle or severe limitation to the abortion decision `` .

Initially Greiner refused to accept the Commission 's June 19 ruling that the move had constituted reasonable grounds for his dismissal , and began a legal challenge to clear his name .
initially greiner refused to accept the commission 's june 19 ruling that the move had [formed] reasonable grounds for his dismissal , and began a legal challenge to clear his name .

Responding to concern expressed by Andreotti over human rights in China , Jiang Zemin said that China 's record on feeding and clothing its population constituted observance of human rights , and was `` a great contribution to world peace `` .
responding to concern expressed by andreotti over human rights in china , jiang zemin said that china 's record on feeding and clothing its population [formed] observance of human rights , and was `` a great contribution to world peace `` .

On Oct. 17 the 4,200-strong Franco-German joint brigade ( agreed in principle in November 1987 — see p. 35665 ) was formally constituted at a ceremony in Malmsheim , near Stuttgart [ see p. 37212 for its October establishment at partial strength ] .
on oct. 17 the 4,200-strong franco-german joint brigade ( agreed in principle in november 1987 — see p. 35665 ) was formally [formed] at a ceremony in malmsheim , near stuttgart [ see p. 37212 for its october establishment at partial strength ] .

The Federal Republic of Germany was constituted in 1949 from the three western zones of occupied Germany ; on Oct. 3 , 1990 , it was joined by the territory of the former German Democratic Republic ( created in 1949 from the Soviet-occupied eastern zone ) and by Berlin ( previously under four-power administration ) .
the federal republic of germany was [formed] in 1949 from the three western zones of occupied germany ; on oct. 3 , 1990 , it was joined by the territory of the former german democratic republic ( created in 1949 from the soviet-occupied eastern zone ) and by berlin ( previously under four-power administration ) .

The opening of new settlements in the West Bank during April constituted a serious challenge by the hardline right ( led by Housing Minister Ariel Sharon ) to ongoing United States-mediated peace negotiations and to the position of Prime Minister Itzhak Shamir within Likud , the dominant party in the ruling coalition .
the opening of new settlements in the west bank during april [formed] a serious challenge by the hardline right ( led by housing minister ariel sharon ) to ongoing united states-mediated peace negotiations and to the position of prime minister itzhak shamir within likud , the dominant party in the ruling coalition .

She said that she would not appear before specially constituted courts , but was nevertheless present for a hearing before a tribunal in Karachi on Sept. 31 , which granted her exemption from future court appearances until after the elections .
she said that she would not appear before specially [formed] courts , but was nevertheless present for a hearing before a tribunal in karachi on sept. 31 , which granted her exemption from future court appearances until after the elections .

Mann had been elected to the Lok Sabha in the November 1989 general election and his faction constituted the largest Sikh contingent in the chamber .
mann had been elected to the lok sabha in the november 1989 general election and his faction [formed] the largest sikh contingent in the chamber .

Whereas Egypt and Saudi Arabia constituted the Arab backbone of the anti-Iraq coalition , Jordan had , by necessity , maintained close relations with Iraq .
whereas egypt and saudi arabia [formed] the arab backbone of the anti-iraq coalition , jordan had , by necessity , maintained close relations with iraq .

The overall level of support for independence among the republics ' ethnic-Russian and other minorities was higher than expected , especially in Latvia ( minorities constituted over 36 per cent of Estonia 's population and around 47 per cent of Latvia 's ) .
the overall level of support for independence among the republics ' ethnic-russian and other minorities was higher than expected , especially in latvia ( minorities [formed] over 36 per cent of estonia 's population and around 47 per cent of latvia 's ) .

Ethnic Georgians , who constituted just under 70 per cent of the republic 's population , were assumed to have voted almost unanimously in favour .
ethnic georgians , who [formed] just under 70 per cent of the republic 's population , were assumed to have voted almost unanimously in favour .

Suharto 's open endorsement of a broad-based Moslem organization constituted a major development in Indonesian politics .
suharto 's open endorsement of a broad-based moslem organization [formed] a major development in indonesian politics .

The election campaign was marred by racial tensions between the majority Macedonians and the Albanians , who constituted over one-third of Macedonia 's 1,900,000 population and were concentrated in the west of the republic .
the election campaign was marred by racial tensions between the majority macedonians and the albanians , who [formed] over one-third of macedonia 's 1,900,000 population and were concentrated in the west of the republic .

No parties representing the Albanian population concentrated in the province of Kosovo had been allowed to participate in the election , prompting an overwhelming boycott by Albanians , who constituted over 85 per cent of voters in Kosovo .
no parties representing the albanian population concentrated in the province of kosovo had been allowed to participate in the election , prompting an overwhelming boycott by albanians , who [formed] over 85 per cent of voters in kosovo .

The opposition movement , Birlik , was banned from taking part , as it was not officially constituted as a political party .
the opposition movement , birlik , was banned from taking part , as it was not officially [formed] as a political party .

38221-22 ) , the 17,000 Inuit in the region ( who constituted some 80 per cent of the area 's total population ) would be granted the right to hunt , fish and trap within Nunavut .
38221-22 ) , the 17,000 inuit in the region ( who [formed] some 80 per cent of the area 's total population ) would be granted the right to hunt , fish and trap within nunavut .

Iranian radio on Nov. 16 claimed that the charges constituted `` the start of a new psychological and propaganda war by Washington against Libya `` .
iranian radio on nov. 16 claimed that the charges [formed] `` the start of a new psychological and propaganda war by washington against libya `` .

The government reviewed its relations with Taiwan , but decided to maintain its current policy of recognizing only the People 's Republic of China as the sole legitimate government of China , acknowledging China 's claim that Taiwan constituted a province of the mainland .
the government reviewed its relations with taiwan , but decided to maintain its current policy of recognizing only the people 's republic of china as the sole legitimate government of china , acknowledging china 's claim that taiwan [formed] a province of the mainland .

The principal cause of New Zealand 's economic problems was its failure to respond quickly enough to the post-war decline in prices for agricultural commodities , which constituted almost two-thirds of exports .
the principal cause of new zealand 's economic problems was its failure to respond quickly enough to the post-war decline in prices for agricultural commodities , which [formed] almost two-thirds of exports .

Following the reduction , the `` secret fund `` constituted less than 1 per cent of the total defence budget .
following the reduction , the `` secret fund `` [formed] less than 1 per cent of the total defence budget .

( State prosecutors initiated an investigation as to whether this charge constituted slander . )
( state prosecutors initiated an investigation as to whether this charge [formed] slander . )

The leading newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza commented that these groups constituted a `` second Poland `` which had found `` no place for themselves `` in the Poland run by Solidarity .
the leading newspaper gazeta wyborcza commented that these groups [formed] a `` second poland `` which had found `` no place for themselves `` in the poland run by solidarity .

The new law constituted the first major revision of the quotas of legal immigration in 25 years and ranked in importance with the Quota Act of 1921 , which established the first numerical restrictions , and the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 .
the new law [formed] the first major revision of the quotas of legal immigration in 25 years and ranked in importance with the quota act of 1921 , which established the first numerical restrictions , and the immigration and nationality act of 1952 .

Ya'acov Terner , Israel 's chief of police , said that the four constituted an Islamic Jihad cell .
ya'acov terner , israel 's chief of police , said that the four [formed] an islamic jihad cell .

Ron George , the leader of the Native Council of Canada , accused those who rejected the agreement as having `` perpetuated apartheid in this country `` and predicted that there would be increased violence among the indigenous peoples , who currently constituted around 5 per cent of Canada 's total population .
ron george , the leader of the native council of canada , accused those who rejected the agreement as having `` perpetuated apartheid in this country `` and predicted that there would be increased violence among the indigenous peoples , who currently [formed] around 5 per cent of canada 's total population .

Laar 's party had won 29 of the 101 parliamentary seats in the September elections and with Moderates and the Estonian National Independence Party constituted the majority in the new parliament .
laar 's party had won 29 of the 101 parliamentary seats in the september elections and with moderates and the estonian national independence party [formed] the majority in the new parliament .

The proposed repeal of the Population Registration Act , the legislation under which South African citizens were classified into four racial groups , appeared at first sight to throw into doubt the legitimacy of Parliament as at present constituted .
the proposed repeal of the population registration act , the legislation under which south african citizens were classified into four racial groups , appeared at first sight to throw into doubt the legitimacy of parliament as at present [formed] .

( c ) If property did pass at the moment of the making of the contract , the making of the contract constituted the appropriation , because by that act the rogue assumed the rights of the owner .
( c ) if property did pass at the moment of the making of the contract , the making of the contract [formed] the appropriation , because by that act the rogue assumed the rights of the owner .

( l ) To subscribe for , take , purchase , or otherwise acquire , hold , sell , deal with and dispose of , place and underwrite shares , stocks , debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any other company constituted or carrying on business in any part of the world , and debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any government or authority , municipal , local or otherwise , in any part of the world .
( l ) to subscribe for , take , purchase , or otherwise acquire , hold , sell , deal with and dispose of , place and underwrite shares , stocks , debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any other company [formed] or carrying on business in any part of the world , and debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any government or authority , municipal , local or otherwise , in any part of the world .

( l ) To subscribe for , take , purchase , or otherwise acquire , hold , sell , deal with and dispose of , place and underwrite shares , stocks , debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any other company constituted or carrying on business in any part of the world , and debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any government or authority , municipal , local or otherwise , in any part of the world .
( l ) to subscribe for , take , purchase , or otherwise acquire , hold , sell , deal with and dispose of , place and underwrite shares , stocks , debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any other company [formed] or carrying on business in any part of the world , and debentures , debenture stocks , bonds , obligations or securities issued or guaranteed by any government or authority , municipal , local or otherwise , in any part of the world .

Bridget Hill has remarked that what constituted marriage among the eighteenth-century lower orders was `` anything but clearly defined `` , especially in the first half of the century before the passing of Hardwicke 's Marriage Act .
bridget hill has remarked that what [formed] marriage among the eighteenth-century lower orders was `` anything but clearly defined `` , especially in the first half of the century before the passing of hardwicke 's marriage act .

If there are substantial doubts as to whether the provision of charity schools was ever sufficiently widespread , directed or differentiated from earlier , or later , efforts to have constituted a special movement , there is none that school provision for the poor in the middle and later years of the century remained uneven and spasmodic .
if there are substantial doubts as to whether the provision of charity schools was ever sufficiently widespread , directed or differentiated from earlier , or later , efforts to have [formed] a special movement , there is none that school provision for the poor in the middle and later years of the century remained uneven and spasmodic .

It was a significant symbiosis , central to any discussion of what constituted the popular religious experience or pattern of beliefs .
it was a significant symbiosis , central to any discussion of what [formed] the popular religious experience or pattern of beliefs .

As the Danish scholar Per Nykrog has observed , however , the corpus of fabliaux seems to be constituted of a certain stock of recognized tales rather than being the product of widespread and prolific extemporization as Bédier was inclined to believe .
as the danish scholar per nykrog has observed , however , the corpus of fabliaux seems to be [formed] of a certain stock of recognized tales rather than being the product of widespread and prolific extemporization as bédier was inclined to believe .

In furtherance of this objective the Society is constituted to : —
in furtherance of this objective the society is [formed] to : —

Previously , `` the classics `` ( or some of them ) were a possession of the educated classes in general and for those classes they constituted a natural part of experience , forming a continuum with modern literatures and ideas . ``
previously , `` the classics `` ( or some of them ) were a possession of the educated classes in general and for those classes they [formed] a natural part of experience , forming a continuum with modern literatures and ideas . ``

Mrs Doughty-Wylie had constituted herself his godmother after her husband had been killed in Gallipoli and she induced him to change his name and join this regiment .
mrs doughty-wylie had [formed] herself his godmother after her husband had been killed in gallipoli and she induced him to change his name and join this regiment .

Two standard deviations above the control means constituted the upper limit of normality .
two standard deviations above the control means [formed] the upper limit of normality .

They constituted 14 pairs with Crohn 's disease and 12 pairs with ulcerative colitis .
they [formed] 14 pairs with crohn 's disease and 12 pairs with ulcerative colitis .

Furthermore , by 1980 one study found that almost 60 per cent of bank lending to the industrial and commercial sectors constituted ‘ medium-term finance ’ .
furthermore , by 1980 one study found that almost 60 per cent of bank lending to the industrial and commercial sectors [formed] ‘ medium-term finance ’ .

Whereas for the Head of Department , evidence concerning professional competence was additionally available from two other sources ( examination results , curriculum management ) , for them the lesson visits constituted the only source of ‘ objective ’ evidence .
whereas for the head of department , evidence concerning professional competence was additionally available from two other sources ( examination results , curriculum management ) , for them the lesson visits [formed] the only source of ‘ objective ’ evidence .

that the scheme constituted a ‘ threat ’ to them professionally
that the scheme [formed] a ‘ threat ’ to them professionally

In the old days the subtle relationships which constituted the Establishment at work would have prevented any such developments taking place .
in the old days the subtle relationships which [formed] the establishment at work would have prevented any such developments taking place .

Attendance at attachment courts and the Forest Eyre , the unpaid duties imposed upon verderers , regarders and agisters , the multifarious penalties inflicted on those who broke the Forest law , all constituted a heavy burden upon the forest inhabitants , especially when the Crown exploited the Forest system as a significant source of revenue , largely through fines and amercements .
attendance at attachment courts and the forest eyre , the unpaid duties imposed upon verderers , regarders and agisters , the multifarious penalties inflicted on those who broke the forest law , all [formed] a heavy burden upon the forest inhabitants , especially when the crown exploited the forest system as a significant source of revenue , largely through fines and amercements .

In the twelfth and thirteenth centuries the Forest law , courts and officers constituted a mighty system which paralleled the common law itself , and operated over a third of England .
in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries the forest law , courts and officers [formed] a mighty system which paralleled the common law itself , and operated over a third of england .

The further conditions were that the assembly of the people constituted that national will , and that land was held in common right by the nation .
the further conditions were that the assembly of the people [formed] that national will , and that land was held in common right by the nation .

His sympathies lay with the independents such as Henderson and Nixon ( who at one point in the 1930s constituted , in the absence of the nationalists , the official opposition at Stormont ) , but the Unionists had not yet shown the degree of liberalism they were to show under O'Neill in the 1960s and Paisley confined himself to promoting various ‘ ginger group ’ enterprises on the margins of politics .
his sympathies lay with the independents such as henderson and nixon ( who at one point in the 1930s [formed] , in the absence of the nationalists , the official opposition at stormont ) , but the unionists had not yet shown the degree of liberalism they were to show under o'neill in the 1960s and paisley confined himself to promoting various ‘ ginger group ’ enterprises on the margins of politics .

This would certainly be the case for someone like Gordon Cooke , the Free Presbyterian minister of Rasharkin , who found himself chairman of the ‘ parent ’ branch of the officially constituted Protestant Unionist Party largely because he was a strong supporter of Paisley 's political line and a leading evangelical in the Bannside area at the time when Paisley decided to stand against O'Neill .
this would certainly be the case for someone like gordon cooke , the free presbyterian minister of rasharkin , who found himself chairman of the ‘ parent ’ branch of the officially [formed] protestant unionist party largely because he was a strong supporter of paisley 's political line and a leading evangelical in the bannside area at the time when paisley decided to stand against o'neill .

The martyr 's conflict was seen not as a fight against duly constituted authority in government , but against Satan .
the martyr 's conflict was seen not as a fight against duly [formed] authority in government , but against satan .

Our kings and emperors , who take the place of the almighty ruler in this world , are set above all other pastors ; and it is entirely incongruous that those whom Christ , mindful of his flock , has constituted princes of this earth [ i.e. bishops ] , should be under the dominion of any but those who excel all mortals by the blessing of God and the glory of their crown .
our kings and emperors , who take the place of the almighty ruler in this world , are set above all other pastors ; and it is entirely incongruous that those whom christ , mindful of his flock , has [formed] princes of this earth [ i.e. bishops ] , should be under the dominion of any but those who excel all mortals by the blessing of god and the glory of their crown .

More than that , it would have constituted a breach of rules of respect for elders , a denial of social hierarchy inculcated throughout infancy , boyhood , schooldays .
more than that , it would have [formed] a breach of rules of respect for elders , a denial of social hierarchy inculcated throughout infancy , boyhood , schooldays .

Morrissey is ‘ half a person ’ , his very being constituted around lack , maladjustment — this is the vantage point from which he launches his impossible demands on life , his denial of the reality principle .
morrissey is ‘ half a person ’ , his very being [formed] around lack , maladjustment — this is the vantage point from which he launches his impossible demands on life , his denial of the reality principle .

According to the rival belief of the Cartesians , however , body was constituted by extension alone , and not also by either solidity or the ability to communicate motion .
according to the rival belief of the cartesians , however , body was [formed] by extension alone , and not also by either solidity or the ability to communicate motion .

We might think of the real essence of a triangle , ‘ three lines enclosing a space ’ , as instructions for making such a figure : it is how that figure is constituted .
we might think of the real essence of a triangle , ‘ three lines enclosing a space ’ , as instructions for making such a figure : it is how that figure is [formed] .

But these deposits constituted a small part of the total assets of the Argentines , since most people kept their wealth in dollars .
but these deposits [formed] a small part of the total assets of the argentines , since most people kept their wealth in dollars .

This would not please traders , who would lose opportunities to exploit the inefficiencies of the market as it is now constituted .
this would not please traders , who would lose opportunities to exploit the inefficiencies of the market as it is now [formed] .

In addition , the later credit reference states that recipient firm was a ‘ properly constituted company , considered good for your figures and purpose . ’
in addition , the later credit reference states that recipient firm was a ‘ properly [formed] company , considered good for your figures and purpose . ’

As Figure 5.3 illustrates , it may be derived that teams which are not effectively constituted will have difficulty moving out of the forming and norming stages and that the majority of their time will be spent in these activities ( see Figure 5.4a ) .
as figure 5.3 illustrates , it may be derived that teams which are not effectively [formed] will have difficulty moving out of the forming and norming stages and that the majority of their time will be spent in these activities ( see figure 5.4a ) .

By contrast , an effectively constituted team will move through each of the stages , spending a maximum amount of time in the ‘ performing ’ stage ( see Figure 5.4b ) .
by contrast , an effectively [formed] team will move through each of the stages , spending a maximum amount of time in the ‘ performing ’ stage ( see figure 5.4b ) .

The determinants of effective and ineffective teams include a wide range of variables , but two which are particularly relevant in this context are the basis on which the team is constituted in terms of the definition of roles and the way in which the relationship between those roles is determined .
the determinants of effective and ineffective teams include a wide range of variables , but two which are particularly relevant in this context are the basis on which the team is [formed] in terms of the definition of roles and the way in which the relationship between those roles is determined .

This crisis — believed , through ignorance of what really constituted a legal marriage , to be of world-shaking dimension — further compounded the prevailing atmosphere of gloom .
this crisis — believed , through ignorance of what really [formed] a legal marriage , to be of world-shaking dimension — further compounded the prevailing atmosphere of gloom .

Although still two years before the Club was constituted , the land had clearly been earmarked for a golf course , and in 1906 ‘ The Syndicate ’ , as the company was known locally , agreed to sell this same 70 acres of land to a nucleus of people who were to form the kernel of the Club 's future bondholders , but who were then merely interested persons .
although still two years before the club was [formed] , the land had clearly been earmarked for a golf course , and in 1906 ‘ the syndicate ’ , as the company was known locally , agreed to sell this same 70 acres of land to a nucleus of people who were to form the kernel of the club 's future bondholders , but who were then merely interested persons .

No sooner than formally constituted , the Standard reported the links would become a great boom to the town , although before January 1907 was out , a Leader article read as follows , ( doubtless written by either Charles Luker or a member of the Club Committee ) — ‘ It is to be hoped that a commencement of the projected new golf links at Henley will not be long delayed .
no sooner than formally [formed] , the standard reported the links would become a great boom to the town , although before january 1907 was out , a leader article read as follows , ( doubtless written by either charles luker or a member of the club committee ) — ‘ it is to be hoped that a commencement of the projected new golf links at henley will not be long delayed .

First , an Open Forum in October called for significantly better club facilities — notably the men 's changing rooms , and a Development Sub-Committee was constituted to look at the suggestion and ways of financing it .
first , an open forum in october called for significantly better club facilities — notably the men 's changing rooms , and a development sub-committee was [formed] to look at the suggestion and ways of financing it .

Early writers had not analysed clearly enough the elements that by changing constituted a directional advance .
early writers had not analysed clearly enough the elements that by changing [formed] a directional advance .

By contrast , to the West of the Rift the mosaic nature of the relatively dry forest woodlands north of the Niger–Benue river system constituted a cradle for the evolution of the adaptable , partly terrestrial , chimpanzee with its variable fruit food supply and capacity for mobility .
by contrast , to the west of the rift the mosaic nature of the relatively dry forest woodlands north of the niger–benue river system [formed] a cradle for the evolution of the adaptable , partly terrestrial , chimpanzee with its variable fruit food supply and capacity for mobility .

We are so constituted , that if we insist on being as sure as is conceivable , in every step of our course , we must be content to creep along the ground , and can never soar .
we are so [formed] , that if we insist on being as sure as is conceivable , in every step of our course , we must be content to creep along the ground , and can never soar .

Consumer groups claimed full and clear labelling of food products would be preferred , which would enable customers to choose between similar products and ‘ to decide for themselves as to what constituted the best quality at a given price . ’
consumer groups claimed full and clear labelling of food products would be preferred , which would enable customers to choose between similar products and ‘ to decide for themselves as to what [formed] the best quality at a given price . ’

But whereas in the early 1920s , cheapie production had constituted almost the entirety of British filmmaking , in the 1930s there existed a more ambitious production sector running in parallel .
but whereas in the early 1920s , cheapie production had [formed] almost the entirety of british filmmaking , in the 1930s there existed a more ambitious production sector running in parallel .

Hence experience and type originate together : the individual can not endow experiences with meaning without types , yet types are constituted from and through lived experience ( see Rogers 1981 : .
hence experience and type originate together : the individual can not endow experiences with meaning without types , yet types are [formed] from and through lived experience ( see rogers 1981 : .

But there was in any case no doubt that the areas of the family , education , and public morality constituted part of the sacred sphere .
but there was in any case no doubt that the areas of the family , education , and public morality [formed] part of the sacred sphere .

In other words , when the New Ireland Forum was being assured by Bishop Daly of the intention of the Roman catholic church in Ireland to support full civil and religious rights for Northern Ireland protestants , the bishops were effectively reserving to themselves , as a body of luminaries with a direct access to the inner structures of social reality , the right to declare what actually constituted a civil and religious liberty or right and they were doing so on the grounds of what they considered good for society .
in other words , when the new ireland forum was being assured by bishop daly of the intention of the roman catholic church in ireland to support full civil and religious rights for northern ireland protestants , the bishops were effectively reserving to themselves , as a body of luminaries with a direct access to the inner structures of social reality , the right to declare what actually [formed] a civil and religious liberty or right and they were doing so on the grounds of what they considered good for society .

In effect , the insider who reveals the structural formations of a system of power inverts that power and the revelation creates a situation where elements of ‘ anti-structure ’ ( Turner 1969 , 1974 ) now present a version of how things might be constituted ; and what has been seen as solid reality begins to be identified as only one social possibility .
in effect , the insider who reveals the structural formations of a system of power inverts that power and the revelation creates a situation where elements of ‘ anti-structure ’ ( turner 1969 , 1974 ) now present a version of how things might be [formed] ; and what has been seen as solid reality begins to be identified as only one social possibility .

The real problem is that such research reveals modes of thought and practice which are well known and constituted , but which are necessarily concealed .
the real problem is that such research reveals modes of thought and practice which are well known and [formed] , but which are necessarily concealed .

Here was a picturesque exuberance which constituted a dramatic break from earlier styles .
here was a picturesque exuberance which [formed] a dramatic break from earlier styles .

This coincided with their belief that the ordinary person wished to travel from and arrive at great palaces which , with their concourses , restaurants , shops , information centres , medical facilities , theatres , and ( later ) cinemas constituted virtually civic centres or forums , an impression heightened by the fact that they were often also used for political speeches .
this coincided with their belief that the ordinary person wished to travel from and arrive at great palaces which , with their concourses , restaurants , shops , information centres , medical facilities , theatres , and ( later ) cinemas [formed] virtually civic centres or forums , an impression heightened by the fact that they were often also used for political speeches .

The final Romanesque phase produced a handling of masses that constituted one of several peaks of station design .
the final romanesque phase produced a handling of masses that [formed] one of several peaks of station design .

Nothing on the exterior , however , prepared one for the stunning exhibition of color , texture , and mural art in the interior , features that constituted a major step in an architectural revolution that was most fully developed in the Century of Progress Exposition in Chicago ( 1933–74 ) .
nothing on the exterior , however , prepared one for the stunning exhibition of color , texture , and mural art in the interior , features that [formed] a major step in an architectural revolution that was most fully developed in the century of progress exposition in chicago ( 1933–74 ) .

Indeed they often constituted the source of their communities when new villages were laid out by the railway companies beside them .
indeed they often [formed] the source of their communities when new villages were laid out by the railway companies beside them .

As the Japanese are at present constituted , accidents to life and limb would most certainly occur if trains made but a brief halt to entrain passengers .
as the japanese are at present [formed] , accidents to life and limb would most certainly occur if trains made but a brief halt to entrain passengers .

But in 1888 , two years after my father was born , the newly constituted county councils were created and Oxfordshire was systematically governed for the first time .
but in 1888 , two years after my father was born , the newly [formed] county councils were created and oxfordshire was systematically governed for the first time .

These were the tasks which the School Council , when it was finally constituted by Edward Boyle , was to assume .
these were the tasks which the school council , when it was finally [formed] by edward boyle , was to assume .

The Educational priority Areas were , indeed , constituted and Crosland agreed with Maurice Kogan that he had ‘ legitimised the radical sociology of the 1950 's and 1960 's ’ .
the educational priority areas were , indeed , [formed] and crosland agreed with maurice kogan that he had ‘ legitimised the radical sociology of the 1950 's and 1960 's ’ .

Literary works are constituted by the complex interrelation of these aspects which can be isolated only in analysis .
literary works are [formed] by the complex interrelation of these aspects which can be isolated only in analysis .

Mr Bartle , the stipendiary magistrate , declined jurisdiction to hear the charges on the ground that the delay in the investigation and prosecution of the case constituted an abuse of the process of the court .
mr bartle , the stipendiary magistrate , declined jurisdiction to hear the charges on the ground that the delay in the investigation and prosecution of the case [formed] an abuse of the process of the court .

In the immediate postwar period Germany constituted the single most important drain on the dollar .
in the immediate postwar period germany [formed] the single most important drain on the dollar .

The Situationists ' activities within the cultural sphere constituted an attempt to create a unified range of activities which functioned as a radical critique of the conventional boundaries between specialisations embedded in the institutions , practices and agencies of modern life .
the situationists ' activities within the cultural sphere [formed] an attempt to create a unified range of activities which functioned as a radical critique of the conventional boundaries between specialisations embedded in the institutions , practices and agencies of modern life .

Further , such displacements of non-sexual fears on to the sexual deviant , be he or she actual , imagined , or constituted in and by the displacement , are made possible because other kinds of transgression — political , religious — are not only loosely associated with the sexual deviant , but ‘ condensed ’ in the very definition of deviance .
further , such displacements of non-sexual fears on to the sexual deviant , be he or she actual , imagined , or [formed] in and by the displacement , are made possible because other kinds of transgression — political , religious — are not only loosely associated with the sexual deviant , but ‘ condensed ’ in the very definition of deviance .

The relationship to these other kinds of difference has , for some homosexuals , constituted a crucial dimension of their culture .
the relationship to these other kinds of difference has , for some homosexuals , [formed] a crucial dimension of their culture .

Of the few central beliefs uniting the various post-structuralisms ( and connecting them with post/modernism ) this is one of the most important : human identity is to be seen as constituted as well as constitutive ; constituted ( not determined ) by , for example , the pre-existing structures of language and ideology , and by the material conditions of human existence .
of the few central beliefs uniting the various post-structuralisms ( and connecting them with post/modernism ) this is one of the most important : human identity is to be seen as [formed] as well as constitutive ; [formed] ( not determined ) by , for example , the pre-existing structures of language and ideology , and by the material conditions of human existence .

In the early modern period also the individual was seen as constituted by and in relation to — even the effect of — a pre-existing order .
in the early modern period also the individual was seen as [formed] by and in relation to — even the effect of — a pre-existing order .

For one thing the early modern view of identity as constituted ( metaphysically ) was also , and quite explicitly , a powerful metaphysic of social integration .
for one thing the early modern view of identity as [formed] ( metaphysically ) was also , and quite explicitly , a powerful metaphysic of social integration .

Another difference : within Renaissance metaphysics a constituted identity might nevertheless be essentially fixed ( e.g .
another difference : within renaissance metaphysics a [formed] identity might nevertheless be essentially fixed ( e.g .

Orton 's camp is indeed constituted by playfulness and it acts as a solvent of morality — but it does this to provoke rather than disarm moral indignation .
orton 's camp is indeed [formed] by playfulness and it acts as a solvent of morality — but it does this to provoke rather than disarm moral indignation .

Gay culture is in part constituted by a self-reflexive , ironic representation of desire itself , gay and straight , and of the objects of desire , again both gay and straight .
gay culture is in part [formed] by a self-reflexive , ironic representation of desire itself , gay and straight , and of the objects of desire , again both gay and straight .

What is less often conceded or , if conceded , considered — Bersani being a significant exception — is that if gender is socially constituted so too is desire .
what is less often conceded or , if conceded , considered — bersani being a significant exception — is that if gender is socially [formed] so too is desire .

Just one relevant instance is Roland Barthes 's celebration of difference , so much difference in fact , as eventually to subvert repression itself , producing a concept of desire wherein there would be , for instance , not homosexuality but homosexualities ‘ whose plural will baffle any constituted , centred discourse ’ ( Roland Barthes , 69 ) .
just one relevant instance is roland barthes 's celebration of difference , so much difference in fact , as eventually to subvert repression itself , producing a concept of desire wherein there would be , for instance , not homosexuality but homosexualities ‘ whose plural will baffle any [formed] , centred discourse ’ ( roland barthes , 69 ) .

But it this ‘ assumption of … manhood ’ ( Fanon , Black Skin , 41 ) has constituted an agency of resistance — no small achievement when one recalls the crippling effects of domination and exploitation at the subjective level , effects which Fanon himself charts — it is one which perpetuates , in terms of sexual and gender relations , the very oppression being resisted at other levels .
but it this ‘ assumption of … manhood ’ ( fanon , black skin , 41 ) has [formed] an agency of resistance — no small achievement when one recalls the crippling effects of domination and exploitation at the subjective level , effects which fanon himself charts — it is one which perpetuates , in terms of sexual and gender relations , the very oppression being resisted at other levels .

Yet , crucially , this painful awareness of the historically constituted ‘ nature ’ of oppositional identities is not disavowed but itself reconstituted within and as the humanist universal affirmation : ‘ The negro is not .
yet , crucially , this painful awareness of the historically [formed] ‘ nature ’ of oppositional identities is not disavowed but itself reconstituted within and as the humanist universal affirmation : ‘ the negro is not .

Instead , they constituted a set of twentieth-century British comedy stereotypes ( the harassed working-class housewife and mother , the truculent , bloody-minded shop steward , the jovial pillar of the labour exchange ) somehow transplanted into a biblical setting — as , respectively , Virgin Mary , militant Early Christian and willing good-humoured martyr .
instead , they [formed] a set of twentieth-century british comedy stereotypes ( the harassed working-class housewife and mother , the truculent , bloody-minded shop steward , the jovial pillar of the labour exchange ) somehow transplanted into a biblical setting — as , respectively , virgin mary , militant early christian and willing good-humoured martyr .

The writ was served at the London address on the basis that it constituted a place of business established by Capricorn as an overseas company in Great Britain , rendering such service valid under section 695 of the Companies Act 1985 , Capricorn had not registered the name and address of a person authorised to accept service .
the writ was served at the london address on the basis that it [formed] a place of business established by capricorn as an overseas company in great britain , rendering such service valid under section 695 of the companies act 1985 , capricorn had not registered the name and address of a person authorised to accept service .

the Rural Areas Committee as at present constituted should cease to exist .
the rural areas committee as at present [formed] should cease to exist .

( iii ) Germany is constituted as a ‘ Rechtsstaat ’ , a state ‘ ruled by law ’ , according to the German Basic Law ( Ford , 1987 ) .
( iii ) germany is [formed] as a ‘ rechtsstaat ’ , a state ‘ ruled by law ’ , according to the german basic law ( ford , 1987 ) .

In 1953 they constituted 65 per cent of the population , and in 1981 they were 77 per cent .
in 1953 they [formed] 65 per cent of the population , and in 1981 they were 77 per cent .

There is no parallel here with punishment for attempts and other inchoate offences , because there is no proof that the defendant was aiming to do something harmful : the harmfulness of the action is supposedly constituted by the indecent motive , not by anything actually done , or about to be done , to the victim .
there is no parallel here with punishment for attempts and other inchoate offences , because there is no proof that the defendant was aiming to do something harmful : the harmfulness of the action is supposedly [formed] by the indecent motive , not by anything actually done , or about to be done , to the victim .

These methods of securing freedom of speech may have been effective , but they are happily unusual in England and constituted in our opinion a deplorable outrage of public order .
these methods of securing freedom of speech may have been effective , but they are happily unusual in england and [formed] in our opinion a deplorable outrage of public order .

Engels , whose observations were based on life in urban Lancashire , was obliged to make an exception in favour of the Irish immigrants , who in 1841 already constituted 10 % or the population of Manchester .
engels , whose observations were based on life in urban lancashire , was obliged to make an exception in favour of the irish immigrants , who in 1841 already [formed] 10 % or the population of manchester .

whereby the feminine body was analyzed … as being thoroughly saturated with sexuality ; whereby it was integrated into the sphere of medical practices , by reason of a pathology intrinsic to it ; whereby , finally , it was placed in organic communication with the social body , whose regulated fecundity it was supposed to ensure … the Mother , with her negative image of ‘ nervous woman ’ , constituted the most visible form of this hysterization .
whereby the feminine body was analyzed … as being thoroughly saturated with sexuality ; whereby it was integrated into the sphere of medical practices , by reason of a pathology intrinsic to it ; whereby , finally , it was placed in organic communication with the social body , whose regulated fecundity it was supposed to ensure … the mother , with her negative image of ‘ nervous woman ’ , [formed] the most visible form of this hysterization .

Rather , it constituted an almost limitless pool of cheap labour which could be hired on a casual basis in response to the expansion or concentration of the economy .
rather , it [formed] an almost limitless pool of cheap labour which could be hired on a casual basis in response to the expansion or concentration of the economy .

The territories constituted an outlet for surplus or substandard production , with the same elasticity for the economy which Arab labour afforded .
the territories [formed] an outlet for surplus or substandard production , with the same elasticity for the economy which arab labour afforded .

Roy Johnston recalled : ‘ The August 1966 Maghera conference of the Wolf e Tone Societies … discussed a memorandum on civil rights prepared by the Dublin Society … with some of the Republican leadership present , convincing the latter that this constituted a valid way forward .
roy johnston recalled : ‘ the august 1966 maghera conference of the wolf e tone societies … discussed a memorandum on civil rights prepared by the dublin society … with some of the republican leadership present , convincing the latter that this [formed] a valid way forward .

She had about her the rich glow of a woman who excelled at everything which constituted a woman 's work .
she had about her the rich glow of a woman who excelled at everything which [formed] a woman 's work .

They cited the Joint Declaration 's promise of ‘ a legislature constituted by elections ’ , and warned that without democracy , the autocratic machinery of colonial government might prove far less benign in China 's hands .
they cited the joint declaration 's promise of ‘ a legislature [formed] by elections ’ , and warned that without democracy , the autocratic machinery of colonial government might prove far less benign in china 's hands .

It showed that the Maronites constituted 29 per cent of the population ( 229,378 ) , the Sunnis 22 per cent ( 175,925 ) and the Shias 19 per cent ( 154,208 ) .
it showed that the maronites [formed] 29 per cent of the population ( 229,378 ) , the sunnis 22 per cent ( 175,925 ) and the shias 19 per cent ( 154,208 ) .

They claimed it was inaccurate , misleading and constituted a breach of journalistic ethics .
they claimed it was inaccurate , misleading and [formed] a breach of journalistic ethics .

Partial and full strikes , demonstrations , sit-ins , conventions … all these have in fact only constituted the outer layer of an inner mechanism of civilian rebellion .
partial and full strikes , demonstrations , sit-ins , conventions … all these have in fact only [formed] the outer layer of an inner mechanism of civilian rebellion .

Dr Gerard Vaughan , a former health minister , was especially vocal in condemning the action , but others took the view that the ‘ informer ’ in the case had a duty to report an action which possibly constituted a crime against another human being ;
dr gerard vaughan , a former health minister , was especially vocal in condemning the action , but others took the view that the ‘ informer ’ in the case had a duty to report an action which possibly [formed] a crime against another human being ;

Appeals are to be heard by an appeals committee , constituted in accordance with Schedule 2 of the Act .
appeals are to be heard by an appeals committee , [formed] in accordance with schedule 2 of the act .

The first was that the Maronite community — which at best constituted only 30 per cent of the Lebanese — was almost certainly outnumbered by the Sunnis or the Shias .
the first was that the maronite community — which at best [formed] only 30 per cent of the lebanese — was almost certainly outnumbered by the sunnis or the shias .

The viable nations of Europe were constituted by a line of cultural or linguistic descent , without this being an overriding principle or implying complete ethnic homogeneity .
the viable nations of europe were [formed] by a line of cultural or linguistic descent , without this being an overriding principle or implying complete ethnic homogeneity .

On the other hand , the Polish bourgeoisie was of mainly foreign origin ( it did not therefore identify with the nationalist tradition ) and constituted the leading segment of the empire 's industry , dependent upon the markets of the whole empire , not a lesser Poland .
on the other hand , the polish bourgeoisie was of mainly foreign origin ( it did not therefore identify with the nationalist tradition ) and [formed] the leading segment of the empire 's industry , dependent upon the markets of the whole empire , not a lesser poland .

As it was , quite shallow social forces — like the ‘ few university professors and students ’ who , she said , constituted Ukrainian nationalism — were allowed to rally counterrevolution and threaten Soviet power .
as it was , quite shallow social forces — like the ‘ few university professors and students ’ who , she said , [formed] ukrainian nationalism — were allowed to rally counterrevolution and threaten soviet power .

Mrs Curdle 's annual bunch of flowers constituted something of a problem in the doctor 's house , for they were artificial and lasted for ever .
mrs curdle 's annual bunch of flowers [formed] something of a problem in the doctor 's house , for they were artificial and lasted for ever .

In such circumstances , the refusal of Rees 's request constituted in the view of the Commission a violation of his rights guaranteed by Article 8 .
in such circumstances , the refusal of rees 's request [formed] in the view of the commission a violation of his rights guaranteed by article 8 .

With their love of large numbers , they assigned to a single cycle 12,000 divine years , each of 360 solar years , totalling 4,320,000 years , and 1,000 of such cosmic cycles constituted one kalpa .
with their love of large numbers , they assigned to a single cycle 12,000 divine years , each of 360 solar years , totalling 4,320,000 years , and 1,000 of such cosmic cycles [formed] one kalpa .

As Keith Thomas has pointed out , ‘ This change in working habits constituted an important step towards the social acceptance of the modern notion of time as even in quality , as opposed to the primitive sense of time , s unevenness and irregularity .
as keith thomas has pointed out , ‘ this change in working habits [formed] an important step towards the social acceptance of the modern notion of time as even in quality , as opposed to the primitive sense of time , s unevenness and irregularity .

Such measures constituted the present Government 's heritage , when it took office in 1979 .
such measures [formed] the present government 's heritage , when it took office in 1979 .

The formation of properly constituted county clubs , eventually leading to a county championship structure , has led Dr Midwinter to place these developments firmly in the context of the social changes then taking place .
the formation of properly [formed] county clubs , eventually leading to a county championship structure , has led dr midwinter to place these developments firmly in the context of the social changes then taking place .

that violent and sadistic sexual depictions on film constituted such a major social problem that film censorship even for adults should continue .
that violent and sadistic sexual depictions on film [formed] such a major social problem that film censorship even for adults should continue .

The Younger Committee made no attempt at a definitive statement on what constituted privacy , contenting itself with a summary of different approaches and attempts at definition .
the younger committee made no attempt at a definitive statement on what [formed] privacy , contenting itself with a summary of different approaches and attempts at definition .

So insistent were the Data Protection Committee that the public sector constituted the greater threat that they recommended wholesale registration of all public sector users but only piecemeal or phased registration of private sector users .
so insistent were the data protection committee that the public sector [formed] the greater threat that they recommended wholesale registration of all public sector users but only piecemeal or phased registration of private sector users .

It has been known since the 1970s that the vehicles which have dramatically increased our mobility in the last 50 years have also constituted a grave danger .
it has been known since the 1970s that the vehicles which have dramatically increased our mobility in the last 50 years have also [formed] a grave danger .

It is argued that geographically constituted groups such as community organisations are not necessarily representative of socially diverse populations .
it is argued that geographically [formed] groups such as community organisations are not necessarily representative of socially diverse populations .

The fact that ‘ in order that training should be effective and consistent it must be planned and implemented systematically ’ was regarded as fundamental , and respondents were asked to provide information on training that constituted a programme , defined as any course of instruction with a predetermined structure .
the fact that ‘ in order that training should be effective and consistent it must be planned and implemented systematically ’ was regarded as fundamental , and respondents were asked to provide information on training that [formed] a programme , defined as any course of instruction with a predetermined structure .

In effect literate Poles constituted less than 44 per cent of the population .
in effect literate poles [formed] less than 44 per cent of the population .

Without doubt the Germans constituted the most wealthy stratum of border society .
without doubt the germans [formed] the most wealthy stratum of border society .

Companies in which foreign capital amounted to more than half of the total capital constituted 63.1 per cent of all joint-stock companies .
companies in which foreign capital amounted to more than half of the total capital [formed] 63.1 per cent of all joint-stock companies .

An employee was made redundant and handed a letter saying that the cheque for £1000 which accompanied it constituted a ‘ lump sum payment for severance ( including redundancy payment ) , the acceptance of which is final settlement leaving you with no outstanding claim against the Council ’ .
an employee was made redundant and handed a letter saying that the cheque for £1000 which accompanied it [formed] a ‘ lump sum payment for severance ( including redundancy payment ) , the acceptance of which is final settlement leaving you with no outstanding claim against the council ’ .

As currently constituted , Morton International consists of three businesses : Automotive Safety Products ; Salt ; and Specialty Chemicals .
as currently [formed] , morton international consists of three businesses : automotive safety products ; salt ; and specialty chemicals .

This constituted an altogether more active management , which had to concern itself with professional matters .
this [formed] an altogether more active management , which had to concern itself with professional matters .

This has always constituted something of an Achilles Heel : it has been impossible to prove the value of development activity in most cases .
this has always [formed] something of an achilles heel : it has been impossible to prove the value of development activity in most cases .

The last section considered how the jurists interpreted the wordings of dispositions and determined whether they constituted trusts .
the last section considered how the jurists interpreted the wordings of dispositions and determined whether they [formed] trusts .

The first is that there was a concept of what constituted a trust wording .
the first is that there was a concept of what [formed] a trust wording .

However , it must be remembered that these groups work best at the initial stages of research when concepts still have to be clarified ; they can never replace a properly constituted sample .
however , it must be remembered that these groups work best at the initial stages of research when concepts still have to be clarified ; they can never replace a properly [formed] sample .

We now turn to consider what is involved in using the formal interview schedule for a properly constituted sample survey .
we now turn to consider what is involved in using the formal interview schedule for a properly [formed] sample survey .

It failed because the frequency and intensity of the odour , which constituted the nuisance , was over and above the ‘ general background of oily smells ’ , and had not unlike these general smells , continued for anything approaching 20 years .
it failed because the frequency and intensity of the odour , which [formed] the nuisance , was over and above the ‘ general background of oily smells ’ , and had not unlike these general smells , continued for anything approaching 20 years .

On appeal to the Divisional Court and to the House of Lords , pursuant to s.1 ( 2 ) of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 , on a point of law of general importance , the company unsuccessfully argued that the requirement of s.283 of the Public Health Act 1936 was directory only and therefore consent over 23 years constituted a defence to a breach of s.107 of that Act .
on appeal to the divisional court and to the house of lords , pursuant to s.1 ( 2 ) of the administration of justice act 1960 , on a point of law of general importance , the company unsuccessfully argued that the requirement of s.283 of the public health act 1936 was directory only and therefore consent over 23 years [formed] a defence to a breach of s.107 of that act .

In fact the municipal system as at present constituted is an astonishing block of power , controlled by professionals who run the schools and the social services , and by the administrators and councillors who operate the machine in a bureaucratic darkness rarely pierced by public inspection ’ ( Walker , 1983 , p. 4 ) .
in fact the municipal system as at present [formed] is an astonishing block of power , controlled by professionals who run the schools and the social services , and by the administrators and councillors who operate the machine in a bureaucratic darkness rarely pierced by public inspection ’ ( walker , 1983 , p. 4 ) .

For he denies the importance of local factors in accounting for local ( or urban ) politics , by arguing that local authorities are insulated from any electoral or public opinion influences ; that local councillors are in any case only involved in decision-making in the most fragmented way ; and that local policymaking is constituted by stereotyped responses with little distinctly local reference ( 1980b , p. 135 ) .
for he denies the importance of local factors in accounting for local ( or urban ) politics , by arguing that local authorities are insulated from any electoral or public opinion influences ; that local councillors are in any case only involved in decision-making in the most fragmented way ; and that local policymaking is [formed] by stereotyped responses with little distinctly local reference ( 1980b , p. 135 ) .

For uneven development also means that social groups are spatially constituted and differentiated , with variable local strengths and importance .
for uneven development also means that social groups are spatially [formed] and differentiated , with variable local strengths and importance .

In some places locally dominant groups will differ from those dominant nationally , and ‘ such locally constituted groups can then use these local state institutions to further their own interests , perhaps even in opposition to centrally dominant interests ’ ( 1988 , p. 41 ) .
in some places locally dominant groups will differ from those dominant nationally , and ‘ such locally [formed] groups can then use these local state institutions to further their own interests , perhaps even in opposition to centrally dominant interests ’ ( 1988 , p. 41 ) .

We should rather refer to economic processes which are constituted in a particular place , which of course does not make them local .
we should rather refer to economic processes which are [formed] in a particular place , which of course does not make them local .

When they appeared in the dock they constituted the largest number of people ever to appear stark naked in a court room .
when they appeared in the dock they [formed] the largest number of people ever to appear stark naked in a court room .

In the 1990s the report of these professional organizations who constituted a separate industry , was based on what they could discover about the applicant 's known record to date as regards prompt and full payment , on the applicant 's own assertions and , controversially ( because of possible contravention of the Data Protection Act ) information volunteered upon questioning by third parties .
in the 1990s the report of these professional organizations who [formed] a separate industry , was based on what they could discover about the applicant 's known record to date as regards prompt and full payment , on the applicant 's own assertions and , controversially ( because of possible contravention of the data protection act ) information volunteered upon questioning by third parties .

Hall Automation Ltd was formally constituted in July 1974 , employing eight people .
hall automation ltd was formally [formed] in july 1974 , employing eight people .

The business people , who constituted more than half the audience , also felt cheated because the young scientists they had come to hear and proposition failed to materialise .
the business people , who [formed] more than half the audience , also felt cheated because the young scientists they had come to hear and proposition failed to materialise .

It sparked the whole development of microwave radar and constituted the most important item in reverse Lease-lend .
it sparked the whole development of microwave radar and [formed] the most important item in reverse lease-lend .

The Haifa Bay route would have constituted a serious disruption as it passed overland through intensively developed urban and farming areas to the Jordan Valley , destroying property and agricultural land .
the haifa bay route would have [formed] a serious disruption as it passed overland through intensively developed urban and farming areas to the jordan valley , destroying property and agricultural land .

Governments were used to the fairly simple process of changing a syllabus , but confronted with a new orthodoxy that it was desirable to engage in curriculum development , they were usually happy initially to see this potentially time-consuming exercise take place outside the Ministry , at University Institutes of Education or specially constituted curriculum development centres .
governments were used to the fairly simple process of changing a syllabus , but confronted with a new orthodoxy that it was desirable to engage in curriculum development , they were usually happy initially to see this potentially time-consuming exercise take place outside the ministry , at university institutes of education or specially [formed] curriculum development centres .

To them , the outside world may appear to be constituted of broad , impersonal processes .
to them , the outside world may appear to be [formed] of broad , impersonal processes .

The commonest evasions , certainly well known in the twelfth century , were the pretence that the original loan was greater than in fact it was , or the securing of a loan by a temporary grant of land ; in the former case the difference between the actual loan and the repayment in fact constituted interest ; and in the latter the rent on the land might do the same .
the commonest evasions , certainly well known in the twelfth century , were the pretence that the original loan was greater than in fact it was , or the securing of a loan by a temporary grant of land ; in the former case the difference between the actual loan and the repayment in fact [formed] interest ; and in the latter the rent on the land might do the same .

But since capitalists ' profits are seen as being constituted by accumulation and personal consumption , the sum of realised profit will be perceived as being smaller that the actual social surplus-value .
but since capitalists ' profits are seen as being [formed] by accumulation and personal consumption , the sum of realised profit will be perceived as being smaller that the actual social surplus-value .

In the first instance we shall consider total social production being constituted by the division into two main departments of production .
in the first instance we shall consider total social production being [formed] by the division into two main departments of production .

By socialist accumulation we mean the addition to the functioning means of production of a surplus product which has been created within the constituted socialist economy and which does not find its way into supplementary distribution among the agents of socialist production and the socialist state , but serves for expanded reproduction .
by socialist accumulation we mean the addition to the functioning means of production of a surplus product which has been created within the [formed] socialist economy and which does not find its way into supplementary distribution among the agents of socialist production and the socialist state , but serves for expanded reproduction .

It was at the Leith Street premises that the Edinburgh Deaf and Dumb Benevolent Society , the first properly constituted adult deaf organisation in the world , was instituted in 1835 .
it was at the leith street premises that the edinburgh deaf and dumb benevolent society , the first properly [formed] adult deaf organisation in the world , was instituted in 1835 .

Thus the Carnegie Medals were constituted .
thus the carnegie medals were [formed] .

She claimed , and this certainly constituted a challenge to the American male :
she claimed , and this certainly [formed] a challenge to the american male :

1975a ) , patients with self-injuries have constituted approximately 5 per cent of the total number of attempted suicide patients identified on the basis of general hospital referrals .
1975a ) , patients with self-injuries have [formed] approximately 5 per cent of the total number of attempted suicide patients identified on the basis of general hospital referrals .

Other assets , are constituted mainly by equipment , e.g .
other assets , are [formed] mainly by equipment , e.g .

Problems of social adjustment constituted the most frequent single source of anger outbursts among children .
problems of social adjustment [formed] the most frequent single source of anger outbursts among children .

Shirts with stripes , patterns , and uncommon colors constituted less than 30 percent of all dress shirts sold through the 1960s.20 In this environment , low fashion content and limited product variety made demand for individual shirts relatively predictable .
shirts with stripes , patterns , and uncommon colors [formed] less than 30 percent of all dress shirts sold through the 1960s.20 in this environment , low fashion content and limited product variety made demand for individual shirts relatively predictable .

Basics -historically constituted the majority of apparel products sold .
basics -historically [formed] the majority of apparel products sold .

Product stock-outs accounted for 24 percent , $ 6 billion , of the losses , and the cost of inventory carrying itself constituted the remaining 20 percent , $ 5 billion .
product stock-outs accounted for 24 percent , $ 6 billion , of the losses , and the cost of inventory carrying itself [formed] the remaining 20 percent , $ 5 billion .

This underclass aesthetic was vigorously exhibited by El Teatro Campesino ( the Farmworkers ’ Theater ) in the creation of the stock characters that constituted the core of the Teatro ’ s actos ( dramas ) .
this underclass aesthetic was vigorously exhibited by el teatro campesino ( the farmworkers ’ theater ) in the creation of the stock characters that [formed] the core of the teatro ’ s actos ( dramas ) .

He stated that anti-Spanish propaganda and misconceptions had continued to develop since the sixteenth century , and historical distortions in both Europe and America constituted a Leyenda Negra .
he stated that anti-spanish propaganda and misconceptions had continued to develop since the sixteenth century , and historical distortions in both europe and america [formed] a leyenda negra .

It would not do to regard the original thirteen as constituting one country superior to a second country constituted by states thereafter recognized .
it would not do to regard the original thirteen as constituting one country superior to a second country [formed] by states thereafter recognized .

The nation is not a constituted government .
the nation is not a [formed] government .

Of course , they refer to the national government , a phrase in which “ national ” is synonymous with “ federal ” or “ central. ” They use the term “ nation ” in reference to France ! 52 I suppose that in the minds of the majority of justices , the United States constituted not a nation but a people still living under the Constitution they had designed and ratified in the 1780s .
of course , they refer to the national government , a phrase in which “ national ” is synonymous with “ federal ” or “ central. ” they use the term “ nation ” in reference to france ! 52 i suppose that in the minds of the majority of justices , the united states [formed] not a nation but a people still living under the constitution they had designed and ratified in the 1780s .

It did not occur to Lincoln that there might be some dissonance between his relying on 1776 as the beginning of the American nation and his acting in an office constituted by a document drafted in 1787 .
it did not occur to lincoln that there might be some dissonance between his relying on 1776 as the beginning of the american nation and his acting in an office [formed] by a document drafted in 1787 .

The idea that Americans constituted an organic national unit explained , implicitly , why the eleven Southern states could not go their own way .
the idea that americans [formed] an organic national unit explained , implicitly , why the eleven southern states could not go their own way .

In this limited sense , the “ nation ” is constituted by a federal government in Washington or by a physical space staked out on maps and recognized by other countries .
in this limited sense , the “ nation ” is [formed] by a federal government in washington or by a physical space staked out on maps and recognized by other countries .

These political considerations played themselves out against ambivalent sentiments about who constituted the “ people ” in “ government of the people , by the people , for the people. ” We should not underappreciate the radical step of granting the franchise to emancipated slaves on the same terms as it was available to the rest of the population .
these political considerations played themselves out against ambivalent sentiments about who [formed] the “ people ” in “ government of the people , by the people , for the people. ” we should not underappreciate the radical step of granting the franchise to emancipated slaves on the same terms as it was available to the rest of the population .

In the second founding of the United States , thirty-seven states constituted themselves as a single nation “ conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. ” The government would assume the task of supervising relationships in the commercial and private spheres to assay whether they were impermissible relationships of domination—relationships morally equivalent to “ involuntary servitude. ” The government was newly envisioned as a triadic structure powered by an activist , well-financed government .
in the second founding of the united states , thirty-seven states [formed] themselves as a single nation “ conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. ” the government would assume the task of supervising relationships in the commercial and private spheres to assay whether they were impermissible relationships of domination—relationships morally equivalent to “ involuntary servitude. ” the government was newly envisioned as a triadic structure powered by an activist , well-financed government .

Schrödinger reached the correct conclusion : If genes are constituted by as few as several hundred atoms , the familiar statistical fluctuations predicted by statistical mechanics would be so large that heritability would be essentially impossible .
schrödinger reached the correct conclusion : if genes are [formed] by as few as several hundred atoms , the familiar statistical fluctuations predicted by statistical mechanics would be so large that heritability would be essentially impossible .

I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had , individually and collectively , the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world .
i want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had , individually and collectively , the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that [formed] their world .

Athletic prowess was admired and the Olympic games were constituted in 776 b.c .
athletic prowess was admired and the olympic games were [formed] in 776 b.c .

Tohoku Until the Tokugawa shoguns completed their conquest of all Japan from the 17th century on , the towns of Tohoku constituted the northern boundaries of the Japanese empire .
tohoku until the tokugawa shoguns completed their conquest of all japan from the 17th century on , the towns of tohoku [formed] the northern boundaries of the japanese empire .

Their perpetually changing coalitions hardly constituted real national government , but the people seemed to function quite well regardless .
their perpetually changing coalitions hardly [formed] real national government , but the people seemed to function quite well regardless .

Instead they created a second city upriver — now the Garden District — using the plentiful land that once constituted sugar plantations .
instead they created a second city upriver — now the garden district — using the plentiful land that once [formed] sugar plantations .

This excavation at Zhoukoudian , estimated to be 500,000–690,000 years old , constituted one of the major chapters in modern paleontology , since it was the first evidence that early man ( Homo erectus ) might have evolved in Asia as well as Africa .
this excavation at zhoukoudian , estimated to be 500,000–690,000 years old , [formed] one of the major chapters in modern paleontology , since it was the first evidence that early man ( homo erectus ) might have evolved in asia as well as africa .

As a source of shipbuilding timber in a key location , the island was a kingpin in the far flung commercial empire , and became the Republic ’ s first formally constituted overseas colony .
as a source of shipbuilding timber in a key location , the island was a kingpin in the far flung commercial empire , and became the republic ’ s first formally [formed] overseas colony .

Crete ’ s years spent under the Turks ( 1669–1898 ) constituted a period of cultural and economic stagnation .
crete ’ s years spent under the turks ( 1669–1898 ) [formed] a period of cultural and economic stagnation .

The warren of streets to the left of the Beurs building , is what Amsterdammers call Oude Zijd or Old Side , and this area constituted the old warehouse district in medieval times .
the warren of streets to the left of the beurs building , is what amsterdammers call oude zijd or old side , and this area [formed] the old warehouse district in medieval times .

Protesters deplored the loss of several old canal houses fringing the square which constituted much of what was left of the old Jewish Quarter .
protesters deplored the loss of several old canal houses fringing the square which [formed] much of what was left of the old jewish quarter .

After the cataclysm only the mountaintops of Atlantis remained above the sea and constituted seven islands .
after the cataclysm only the mountaintops of atlantis remained above the sea and [formed] seven islands .

Electronic Imaging One agency asked us if electronic images ( i.e. , an electroniccopyor image of a paper document ) constituted an acceptable record .
electronic imaging one agency asked us if electronic images ( i.e. , an electroniccopyor image of a paper document ) [formed] an acceptable record .

As required by section 205 , FSIS considered several regulatory alternatives to the imposition of the mandatory HACCP but determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .
as required by section 205 , fsis considered several regulatory alternatives to the imposition of the mandatory haccp but determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule [formed] the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .

As required by section 205 , FDA considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .
as required by section 205 , fda considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule [formed] the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .

As required by section 205 , FDA considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .
as required by section 205 , fda considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule [formed] the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .

They were longitudinal , were made by on-site observers who sought participant-observer roles , and constituted an inquiry structured from an evolving understanding of events and their meaning to the persons involved in them .
they were longitudinal , were made by on-site observers who sought participant-observer roles , and [formed] an inquiry structured from an evolving understanding of events and their meaning to the persons involved in them .

The recipients argued that the regulations constituted impermissible viewpoint discrimination favoring an antiabortion position over a proabortion approach in the sphere of family planning .
the recipients argued that the regulations [formed] impermissible viewpoint discrimination favoring an antiabortion position over a proabortion approach in the sphere of family planning .

If the private doctors ' confidential advice to their patients at issue in Rust constituted `` government speech , '' it is hard to imagine what subsidized speech would not be government speech .
if the private doctors ' confidential advice to their patients at issue in rust [formed] `` government speech , '' it is hard to imagine what subsidized speech would not be government speech .

A matter of considerable discussion in the United States concerns whether the ( noshift ) own-price elasticity of workshared volume is greater than that of basic volume , as these two categories are now constituted .
a matter of considerable discussion in the united states concerns whether the ( noshift ) own-price elasticity of workshared volume is greater than that of basic volume , as these two categories are now [formed] .

Nevertheless , they constituted a potential resource for al Qaeda .
nevertheless , they [formed] a potential resource for al qaeda .

Atorvastatin constituted 51 % ( 46 % –56 % ) and simvastatin 32 % ( 27 % –36 % ) of all statin use in 2002 .
atorvastatin [formed] 51 % ( 46 % –56 % ) and simvastatin 32 % ( 27 % –36 % ) of all statin use in 2002 .

The journalism consensus is that the panels of Watergate-era Judiciary members , academics and ex-special prosecutors constituted a deepening of the scandal 's heretofore ditzy discussion .
the journalism consensus is that the panels of watergate-era judiciary members , academics and ex-special prosecutors [formed] a deepening of the scandal 's heretofore ditzy discussion .

As this edition is constituted , it looks an awful lot like sucking up to the boss .
as this edition is [formed] , it looks an awful lot like sucking up to the boss .

In August , Tripp told Newsweek she doubted Clinton 's advances to Willey constituted sexual harassment , as Willey -- despite her later protestations -- had not seemed upset at the time .
in august , tripp told newsweek she doubted clinton 's advances to willey [formed] sexual harassment , as willey -- despite her later protestations -- had not seemed upset at the time .

In basketball , where teams are constituted by the season , each player looking out for his own career does n't appear to harm the overall quality of the game .
in basketball , where teams are [formed] by the season , each player looking out for his own career does n't appear to harm the overall quality of the game .

He constituted the league as a `` single entity . ''
he [formed] the league as a `` single entity . ''

I am so constituted as to be unable to give away money with any satisfaction until I have made the most careful inquiry as to the worthiness of the cause .
i am so [formed] as to be unable to give away money with any satisfaction until i have made the most careful inquiry as to the worthiness of the cause .

Had those 60 years constituted his entire career , we could relegate him to a historical back shelf along with so many other humanistic pillars of midcentury photography , stalwarts of Life and The Family of Man whose work today primarily inspires a nagging sense of duty .
had those 60 years [formed] his entire career , we could relegate him to a historical back shelf along with so many other humanistic pillars of midcentury photography , stalwarts of life and the family of man whose work today primarily inspires a nagging sense of duty .

In 1985 , the Supreme Court recognized this when it ruled that involuntary surgical castration constituted cruel and unusual punishment .
in 1985 , the supreme court recognized this when it ruled that involuntary surgical castration [formed] cruel and unusual punishment .

If Congress determines that this constituted perjury ( which is somewhat more technical ) , then Clinton has committed a felony .
if congress determines that this [formed] perjury ( which is somewhat more technical ) , then clinton has committed a felony .

USA Today goes with the New Jersey Supreme Court 's ruling that the Boy Scouts ' ouster of a gay scout leader constituted illegal discrimination .
usa today goes with the new jersey supreme court 's ruling that the boy scouts ' ouster of a gay scout leader [formed] illegal discrimination .

Slate had done that constituted a racist attack .
slate had done that [formed] a racist attack .

Declaring that his initial enthusiasm for the book constituted a `` real lapse '' in judgment , Kronman said he believes former clerks are bound to silence about the court 's nonpublic discussions and activities .
declaring that his initial enthusiasm for the book [formed] a `` real lapse '' in judgment , kronman said he believes former clerks are bound to silence about the court 's nonpublic discussions and activities .

Hill never claimed that her unpleasant encounters with Thomas constituted actionable sexual harassment .
hill never claimed that her unpleasant encounters with thomas [formed] actionable sexual harassment .

What would have constituted proper handling of the FBI disclosure to the NSC ?
what would have [formed] proper handling of the fbi disclosure to the nsc ?

The case attracted national attention because she claimed that her contributions to his career -- maintaining their home , entertaining his associates , advising him on personnel -- constituted a business partnership entitling her to half his alleged $ 100-million-plus worth , instead of the lesser percentage usually awarded to ex-wives of multimillionaires .
the case attracted national attention because she claimed that her contributions to his career -- maintaining their home , entertaining his associates , advising him on personnel -- [formed] a business partnership entitling her to half his alleged $ 100-million-plus worth , instead of the lesser percentage usually awarded to ex-wives of multimillionaires .

Most tellingly , it was argued by critics that the haddock looking at the wall constituted a happening , even if it were rather drawn out and somewhat uninteresting .
most tellingly , it was argued by critics that the haddock looking at the wall [formed] a happening , even if it were rather drawn out and somewhat uninteresting .

The encyclopedic sizzle , packed into the back of the book , seems an ( unfortunate ) afterthought , imitative of a similarly constituted edition of the Collins English Dictionary , and quite sloppily put together at that .
the encyclopedic sizzle , packed into the back of the book , seems an ( unfortunate ) afterthought , imitative of a similarly [formed] edition of the collins english dictionary , and quite sloppily put together at that .

I have a letter from the Steward and Notary to the Barony of Dunham Massey ( constituted by the Baron Hamon de Massey after the Norman Conquest ) , giving me the script which is read at the start of the Beating the Bounds .
i have a letter from the steward and notary to the barony of dunham massey ( [formed] by the baron hamon de massey after the norman conquest ) , giving me the script which is read at the start of the beating the bounds .

While I am making general observations , I might add , for the record , that my review of the 1975 edition of the Random House College was not favourable because it was based on an examination of the entries mentioned in Jess Stein 's Preface : I had , out of a feeling of sympathetic and loyal association with the book 's 1968 edition , which still constituted more than ninety per cent of the 1975 edition , selected for analysis the words mentioned in the Preface on the premise that they were “ showcase ” entries which the editors were especially proud of .
while i am making general observations , i might add , for the record , that my review of the 1975 edition of the random house college was not favourable because it was based on an examination of the entries mentioned in jess stein 's preface : i had , out of a feeling of sympathetic and loyal association with the book 's 1968 edition , which still [formed] more than ninety per cent of the 1975 edition , selected for analysis the words mentioned in the preface on the premise that they were “ showcase ” entries which the editors were especially proud of .

Many writers avoid the language problem by introducing mental telepathy as the means of communication , which is just as well : human speech employs the available organs situated between the lungs and the face , and there is no reason to assume that fish-faced or vegetablelike or otherwise constituted extraterrestrials would be endowed with like equipment ( any more than are many nonhuman creatures on earth ) , and they would thus be unlikely to use languages constructed for humans .
many writers avoid the language problem by introducing mental telepathy as the means of communication , which is just as well : human speech employs the available organs situated between the lungs and the face , and there is no reason to assume that fish-faced or vegetablelike or otherwise [formed] extraterrestrials would be endowed with like equipment ( any more than are many nonhuman creatures on earth ) , and they would thus be unlikely to use languages constructed for humans .

