There are a number of other considerations besides this one but it is for the Congress , not the Department of Justice , to balance these various considerations and make a judgment about legislation .
there are a number of other [thoughts] besides this one but it is for the congress , not the department of justice , to balance these various [thoughts] and make a judgment about legislation .

Yet your editorial said : `` Now the Attorney General writes that no considerations ' justify any loss of revenue of this proportion ' '' .
yet your editorial said : `` now the attorney general writes that no [thoughts] ' justify any loss of revenue of this proportion ' '' .

What Mr. Kennedy , in fact , wrote was : `` It is the Department's view that no anti-trust enforcement considerations justify any loss of revenue of this proportion '' .
what mr. kennedy , in fact , wrote was : `` it is the department's view that no anti-trust enforcement [thoughts] justify any loss of revenue of this proportion '' .

however , several pertinent considerations deserve recognition .
however , several pertinent [thoughts] deserve recognition .

The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it .
the importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological [thoughts] , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it .

Relevant `` facts '' , however , extend beyond considerations of property values and maintenance of `` harmonious '' neighborhoods .
relevant `` facts '' , however , extend beyond [thoughts] of property values and maintenance of `` harmonious '' neighborhoods .

Initial considerations
initial [thoughts]

Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage .
denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the conference declared : `` we steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing [thoughts] of christian marriage .

It is testimony to the deep respect in which Mr. Eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be broached .
it is testimony to the deep respect in which mr. eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral [thoughts] raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be broached .

Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked .
only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed [thoughts] following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked .

A number of considerations suggest that this occurs early in the process .
a number of [thoughts] suggest that this occurs early in the process .

This , conjoined with the considerations above , made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact .
this , conjoined with the [thoughts] above , made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact .

Additional philosophical considerations , advanced notably by Aristotle , supported further the circularity principle .
additional philosophical [thoughts] , advanced notably by aristotle , supported further the circularity principle .

Important considerations common to each type of shelter are : 1 .
important [thoughts] common to each type of shelter are : 1 .

Other considerations .
other [thoughts] .

This Court agreed with the trial court `` that considerations of price , quality and service were not overlooked by either Du Pont or General Motors '' .
this court agreed with the trial court `` that [thoughts] of price , quality and service were not overlooked by either du pont or general motors '' .

And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind .
and lest anybody think that [thoughts] such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind .

Certain other properties of small particles , in addition to those already mentioned in connection with penetration of the respiratory tract , are noteworthy in defense considerations .
certain other properties of small particles , in addition to those already mentioned in connection with penetration of the respiratory tract , are noteworthy in defense [thoughts] .

All of these considerations are of critical importance in considering defense and medical management .
all of these [thoughts] are of critical importance in considering defense and medical management .

However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse .
however , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic [thoughts] alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse .

A final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations : Since no two generators of Af can intersect , it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections .
a final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following [thoughts] : since no two generators of af can intersect , it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections .

The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages .
the result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such [thoughts] as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from european languages .

National defense considerations have been the major reason behind most Federal training expenditures in recent decades .
national defense [thoughts] have been the major reason behind most federal training expenditures in recent decades .

Similar considerations presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acquired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting ( section 381(c)(4) ) or depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) .
similar [thoughts] presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acquired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting ( section 381(c)(4) ) or depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) .

Legal considerations
legal [thoughts]

First , let us examine briefly some of the legal considerations involved .
first , let us examine briefly some of the legal [thoughts] involved .

Aside from availability and economic considerations , each has certain practical advantages ; ;
aside from availability and economic [thoughts] , each has certain practical advantages ; ;

After these theoretical considerations , constructional details of a fiber-coupled , double-stage X-ray image intensifier will be discussed .
after these theoretical [thoughts] , constructional details of a fiber-coupled , double-stage x-ray image intensifier will be discussed .

With these factors included , an upper limit is placed on the allowable loop gain by stability considerations .
with these factors included , an upper limit is placed on the allowable loop gain by stability [thoughts] .

Practical leveling considerations .
practical leveling [thoughts] .

Folly builders always put making an impression and deceiving the eye ahead of any practical considerations .
folly builders always put making an impression and deceiving the eye ahead of any practical [thoughts] .

Considerations of security prevented us from filming the machine which puts the layers into Vienetta … or the twirls into a tangle twister .
[thoughts] of security prevented us from filming the machine which puts the layers into vienetta … or the twirls into a tangle twister .

The company says it abides by national guidelines and on matters of safety , commercial considerations are always secondary .
the company says it abides by national guidelines and on matters of safety , commercial [thoughts] are always secondary .

Employee considerations do influence the final answer .
employee [thoughts] do influence the final answer .

‘ We are moved solely by considerations of preventive security .
‘ we are moved solely by [thoughts] of preventive security .

However , Andreas Toft Fensvig , managing director of Danske Slagterier , the Danish co-operative of producers and slaughterhouses , suggested that welfare considerations had been overstated .
however , andreas toft fensvig , managing director of danske slagterier , the danish co-operative of producers and slaughterhouses , suggested that welfare [thoughts] had been overstated .

Sadness was expressed that security considerations meant that the achievement of its construction could not be more fully made public .
sadness was expressed that security [thoughts] meant that the achievement of its construction could not be more fully made public .

The outcome has an importance that stretches beyond domestic considerations .
the outcome has an importance that stretches beyond domestic [thoughts] .

The downside of the Budget were the additional duties on fuel , he said , but these had to be reluctantly accepted in view of environmental considerations .
the downside of the budget were the additional duties on fuel , he said , but these had to be reluctantly accepted in view of environmental [thoughts] .

Putting aside their more immediate patriotic considerations , the Lions ' selectors and coaches might be glad enough to have as much supporting evidence as possible with regard to eschewing token selections , made just to keep all four countries happy , and that could certainly make a difference to the size of the Scottish contingent .
putting aside their more immediate patriotic [thoughts] , the lions ' selectors and coaches might be glad enough to have as much supporting evidence as possible with regard to eschewing token selections , made just to keep all four countries happy , and that could certainly make a difference to the size of the scottish contingent .

In this instance , they will take a collective delight in upsetting the reputation of the world champions while being motivated by personal considerations .
in this instance , they will take a collective delight in upsetting the reputation of the world champions while being motivated by personal [thoughts] .

On the other hand , can peace really be allowed to depend on the goodwill of people who have already shown their contempt for even basic considerations of humanity ? And what chance will peace have if the enraged victims see the criminals escaping scot-free with the spoils of their crimes ?
on the other hand , can peace really be allowed to depend on the goodwill of people who have already shown their contempt for even basic [thoughts] of humanity ? and what chance will peace have if the enraged victims see the criminals escaping scot-free with the spoils of their crimes ?

So , to get the comparisons over with , and leaving musical considerations aside , what he does have in common with Rattle is charm .
so , to get the comparisons over with , and leaving musical [thoughts] aside , what he does have in common with rattle is charm .

The funnel effect can be used to ‘ narrow down ’ a response step by step , e.g. ‘ Did you choose to study statistics to improve your job prospects ? ’ is too leading a question . If this is indeed the respondent 's belief , we want him or her to advance the idea spontaneously , so we might have : ‘ Had you any difficulty in making the choice of subjects that you study ? ’ ; ‘ Were short-term considerations such as timetabling or published pass rates the only factors that influenced you ? ’ ; ‘ Do you feel your study of statistics will be of long-term benefit to you in the job market ? ’
the funnel effect can be used to ‘ narrow down ’ a response step by step , e.g. ‘ did you choose to study statistics to improve your job prospects ? ’ is too leading a question . if this is indeed the respondent 's belief , we want him or her to advance the idea spontaneously , so we might have : ‘ had you any difficulty in making the choice of subjects that you study ? ’ ; ‘ were short-term [thoughts] such as timetabling or published pass rates the only factors that influenced you ? ’ ; ‘ do you feel your study of statistics will be of long-term benefit to you in the job market ? ’

As a result , ministers are subject to a range of ad hoc and constantly changing pressures from parliamentary representatives and interest groups that create a substratum of secondary political considerations to be taken into account .
as a result , ministers are subject to a range of ad hoc and constantly changing pressures from parliamentary representatives and interest groups that create a substratum of secondary political [thoughts] to be taken into account .

Short-term political considerations have led governments ( or parts of the central state organization ) to put pressure on supposedly autonomous managements to grant concessions to the unions .
short-term political [thoughts] have led governments ( or parts of the central state organization ) to put pressure on supposedly autonomous managements to grant concessions to the unions .

Finally , intervention in industrial relations often expresses the tensions between long-term government strategy , for example to promote industrial restructuring , and short-term political considerations , such as electoral advantage .
finally , intervention in industrial relations often expresses the tensions between long-term government strategy , for example to promote industrial restructuring , and short-term political [thoughts] , such as electoral advantage .

While in theory the costs of the ministry of defence 's demands on the railway system could be charged directly to it , in fact relations between parts of the state machine are governed by considerations of bargaining and relative power , rather than accounting clarity .
while in theory the costs of the ministry of defence 's demands on the railway system could be charged directly to it , in fact relations between parts of the state machine are governed by [thoughts] of bargaining and relative power , rather than accounting clarity .

Governments ' credit policies were not constrained by international monetary considerations .
governments ' credit policies were not constrained by international monetary [thoughts] .

‘ On this occasion , the recreation committee considers the artistic integrity of the production should take precedence over economic considerations . ’
‘ on this occasion , the recreation committee considers the artistic integrity of the production should take precedence over economic [thoughts] . ’

There 's a lot of training and safety instruction a huge amount of effort put in by the Civil Aviation Authority amongst others who explain to pilots and bring safety considerations to the forefront .
there 's a lot of training and safety instruction a huge amount of effort put in by the civil aviation authority amongst others who explain to pilots and bring safety [thoughts] to the forefront .

As you know , at the moment it starts and five , but ideally perhaps it could start younger , but obviously there are financial considerations as well .
as you know , at the moment it starts and five , but ideally perhaps it could start younger , but obviously there are financial [thoughts] as well .

Well er funnily enough , revenue considerations are of , er certainly not anywhere near the top of the list as far as that 's concerned .
well er funnily enough , revenue [thoughts] are of , er certainly not anywhere near the top of the list as far as that 's concerned .

As you know , at the moment it starts at five , but perhaps , ideally , it could start younger , but obviously there are financial considerations as well .
as you know , at the moment it starts at five , but perhaps , ideally , it could start younger , but obviously there are financial [thoughts] as well .

Buyer said although space considerations make this difficult , it is being looked at .
buyer said although space [thoughts] make this difficult , it is being looked at .

The same techniques will be applied in Europe , except that language considerations call for a much more complex effort on product packaging , labelling and literature .
the same techniques will be applied in europe , except that language [thoughts] call for a much more complex effort on product packaging , labelling and literature .

It should , however , be remembered that the network of services , including the timetabling of trains within that network , is almost completely driven by operational considerations .
it should , however , be remembered that the network of services , including the timetabling of trains within that network , is almost completely driven by operational [thoughts] .

It shows in their football teams - both putting skill at the top of the agenda ahead of any other considerations .
it shows in their football teams - both putting skill at the top of the agenda ahead of any other [thoughts] .

In the vision of the military critic writing ex post , the uncertain temper of the men of Britain 's Eighth Army after years of consistent defeat becomes obliterated behind the imposing shapes of tactical and material considerations .
in the vision of the military critic writing ex post , the uncertain temper of the men of britain 's eighth army after years of consistent defeat becomes obliterated behind the imposing shapes of tactical and material [thoughts] .

These instruments meet the differing needs of savers for income , liquidity and tax considerations : for example the National Savings movement alone pays interest gross to United Kingdom residents .
these instruments meet the differing needs of savers for income , liquidity and tax [thoughts] : for example the national savings movement alone pays interest gross to united kingdom residents .

Being right on the coast , there are special considerations .
being right on the coast , there are special [thoughts] .

Such considerations are important with respect to efficiency , as an alarming amount of time can be spent on the road as opposed to face to face with buyers .
such [thoughts] are important with respect to efficiency , as an alarming amount of time can be spent on the road as opposed to face to face with buyers .

What considerations should be taken into account when deciding on the amount of prospecting a salesperson should do ?
what [thoughts] should be taken into account when deciding on the amount of prospecting a salesperson should do ?

Considerations must be given to how far the product is along the product life-cycle .
[thoughts] must be given to how far the product is along the product life-cycle .

How might your various strategies change and what further considerations would need to be made if , after initial success in the United States market , the Middle East and Japan offered good export opportunities ?
how might your various strategies change and what further [thoughts] would need to be made if , after initial success in the united states market , the middle east and japan offered good export opportunities ?

In this design the low-voltage size is straightforward though certain circuits ( like power amplifiers or heavy duty power supplies ) might need extra design considerations to maintain stability and performance .
in this design the low-voltage size is straightforward though certain circuits ( like power amplifiers or heavy duty power supplies ) might need extra design [thoughts] to maintain stability and performance .

He tended to regard the conversion of his son Harilal to Islam as something that was prompted by monetary considerations , and in the case of such converts , he maintains that they should be readmitted to Hinduism without hesitation if they so desired and truly repented of their erroneous actions .
he tended to regard the conversion of his son harilal to islam as something that was prompted by monetary [thoughts] , and in the case of such converts , he maintains that they should be readmitted to hinduism without hesitation if they so desired and truly repented of their erroneous actions .

He acted out of moral considerations yet they could not be regarded as principles in the Kantian sense because they were principles or considerations involved in what Winch calls ‘ ‘ the perspective ' ’ of the action ' .
he acted out of moral [thoughts] yet they could not be regarded as principles in the kantian sense because they were principles or [thoughts] involved in what winch calls ‘ ‘ the perspective ' ’ of the action ' .

He may be forced to act in a certain way out of moral considerations which still involves him in feelings of guilt and remorse .
he may be forced to act in a certain way out of moral [thoughts] which still involves him in feelings of guilt and remorse .

In the hypothetical case of his son and daughter Gandhi would consider that he was acting out of moral considerations in taking his son 's life in order to save him from unnecessary suffering , and his daughter 's life in order to save her from the threat of violation .
in the hypothetical case of his son and daughter gandhi would consider that he was acting out of moral [thoughts] in taking his son 's life in order to save him from unnecessary suffering , and his daughter 's life in order to save her from the threat of violation .

Different moral considerations might apply for different people in the face of similar moral dilemmas .
different moral [thoughts] might apply for different people in the face of similar moral dilemmas .

His opposition and resistance to war as a means of solving problems is total and yet his adherence to the principle of ahi sā does not mean a failure to recognize that there might be situations of moral dilemma in which different moral considerations apply for different people .
his opposition and resistance to war as a means of solving problems is total and yet his adherence to the principle of ahi sā does not mean a failure to recognize that there might be situations of moral dilemma in which different moral [thoughts] apply for different people .

This remark emphasizes again the point previously made that moral considerations , which can not be regarded as principles in the Kantian sense , are involved in situations of moral dilemma or in what Winch calls ‘ ‘ the perspective ' ’ of the action ' .
this remark emphasizes again the point previously made that moral [thoughts] , which can not be regarded as principles in the kantian sense , are involved in situations of moral dilemma or in what winch calls ‘ ‘ the perspective ' ’ of the action ' .

The argument also ignores the type of considerations that might determine the present non-use of these sophisticated weapons , such as the fear of complete destruction and total annihilation , rather than a greater degree of ahi sā , or love and concern for others .
the argument also ignores the type of [thoughts] that might determine the present non-use of these sophisticated weapons , such as the fear of complete destruction and total annihilation , rather than a greater degree of ahi sā , or love and concern for others .

Certain moral considerations are involved in his actions , yet they are not absolute in the sense that they are an infallible guide to conduct , or constitute a rule for which there can be no exception .
certain moral [thoughts] are involved in his actions , yet they are not absolute in the sense that they are an infallible guide to conduct , or constitute a rule for which there can be no exception .

These considerations apply to satyāgraha also .
these [thoughts] apply to satyāgraha also .

On the other hand , it could be claimed with some justification that moral considerations were involved in Gandhi 's decision to fast and that he did what he thought he had to do in those situations .
on the other hand , it could be claimed with some justification that moral [thoughts] were involved in gandhi 's decision to fast and that he did what he thought he had to do in those situations .

In Masailand neither of these considerations very obviously applied .
in masailand neither of these [thoughts] very obviously applied .

In his The Dual Mandate in British Tropical Africa ( 1922 ) he referred obscurely to considerations of ‘ policy ’ as well as of economy which had guided his thinking .
in his the dual mandate in british tropical africa ( 1922 ) he referred obscurely to [thoughts] of ‘ policy ’ as well as of economy which had guided his thinking .

Your biological filter requires these major considerations to function efficiently each as important as the other :
your biological filter requires these major [thoughts] to function efficiently each as important as the other :

‘ We 'll tackle everything , from planning considerations , architectural requirements and structural work , to choosing the fabrics and upholstery , ’ says Jon .
‘ we 'll tackle everything , from planning [thoughts] , architectural requirements and structural work , to choosing the fabrics and upholstery , ’ says jon .

The lack of a rear input is a serious drawback , but the company tell me that considerations of space ( where they 'd put this socket , heaven knows ) and cost were uppermost in the decision not to include it .
the lack of a rear input is a serious drawback , but the company tell me that [thoughts] of space ( where they 'd put this socket , heaven knows ) and cost were uppermost in the decision not to include it .

Right , so which guitar players would the band invite to share a Bounty bar on their island retreat ? Considerations of affability and personal hygiene need not apply …
right , so which guitar players would the band invite to share a bounty bar on their island retreat ? [thoughts] of affability and personal hygiene need not apply …

Maybe persuasion , based upon appeals to ethical considerations and the flickering embers of nationalism are the only tools left to crack corporate crime .
maybe persuasion , based upon appeals to ethical [thoughts] and the flickering embers of nationalism are the only tools left to crack corporate crime .

We had to move from Renishaw Road to a smaller house in Thorne Road at the other end of Nottingham , a move dictated by financial considerations , but which in a way pleased Mother as it helped to distance her from her old set of friends .
we had to move from renishaw road to a smaller house in thorne road at the other end of nottingham , a move dictated by financial [thoughts] , but which in a way pleased mother as it helped to distance her from her old set of friends .

‘ We have eight different types of trolleys which have been designed with safety considerations paramount , ’ said spokesman Tony Coombes .
‘ we have eight different types of trolleys which have been designed with safety [thoughts] paramount , ’ said spokesman tony coombes .

While these comparisons consider visual features , and the human literature suggests that at this stage visual information is not involved ( Evett and Humphreys , 1981 ) , Hull 's considerations have led him to adopt a neighbourhood approach which is also suggested by the cognitive science literature ( Hull , 1986 ) .
while these comparisons consider visual features , and the human literature suggests that at this stage visual information is not involved ( evett and humphreys , 1981 ) , hull 's [thoughts] have led him to adopt a neighbourhood approach which is also suggested by the cognitive science literature ( hull , 1986 ) .

The above considerations make a general purpose handwriting recognition system a virtual impossibility .
the above [thoughts] make a general purpose handwriting recognition system a virtual impossibility .

These are essentially the conclusions of Richard Falk ( Falk , 1983 ) . It is worth quoting in full the considerations put forward by Falk that must underlie a ‘ beneficial international law regime for nuclear weapons ’ :
these are essentially the conclusions of richard falk ( falk , 1983 ) . it is worth quoting in full the [thoughts] put forward by falk that must underlie a ‘ beneficial international law regime for nuclear weapons ’ :

The precise reasons why this is so may well be complex , and derive no doubt from considerations of deterrence as well as of legality .
the precise reasons why this is so may well be complex , and derive no doubt from [thoughts] of deterrence as well as of legality .

He said that considerations of humanity are no substitute for prohibitive rules of international law and , by themselves , do not constitute evidence of rules prohibiting the use of nuclear weapons .
he said that [thoughts] of humanity are no substitute for prohibitive rules of international law and , by themselves , do not constitute evidence of rules prohibiting the use of nuclear weapons .

It is as if strict legal considerations seem to pull in one direction , while supposedly practical policy considerations point in another .
it is as if strict legal [thoughts] seem to pull in one direction , while supposedly practical policy [thoughts] point in another .

As already indicated , laws-of-war considerations may lead writers or policy-makers to advocate targeting missile bases rather than cities — but this might prove in practice an open invitation to compete in nuclear hardware or , even worse , an incentive to strike first .
as already indicated , laws-of-war [thoughts] may lead writers or policy-makers to advocate targeting missile bases rather than cities — but this might prove in practice an open invitation to compete in nuclear hardware or , even worse , an incentive to strike first .

Similarly , laws-of-war considerations might lead to advocacy of a very large nuclear armoury , on the grounds that only then can weapons be used discriminately — but this could only too easily be read as a threat by the adversary .
similarly , laws-of-war [thoughts] might lead to advocacy of a very large nuclear armoury , on the grounds that only then can weapons be used discriminately — but this could only too easily be read as a threat by the adversary .

Alternatively , laws-of-war considerations can lead to advocacy of the enhanced radiation weapon or neutron bomb , on the grounds that it is aimed specifically to destroy military targets ( Johnson , 1984 , pp .
alternatively , laws-of-war [thoughts] can lead to advocacy of the enhanced radiation weapon or neutron bomb , on the grounds that it is aimed specifically to destroy military targets ( johnson , 1984 , pp .

Our point is that a popular movement such as the peace movement carries within itself a notion of a just society and that law can not be considered merely as a ‘ tool ’ isolated from broader political and social considerations .
our point is that a popular movement such as the peace movement carries within itself a notion of a just society and that law can not be considered merely as a ‘ tool ’ isolated from broader political and social [thoughts] .

If we are looking for advice on a particular situation which affects us then impartiality of the second type is particularly important ; for instance , the judge who assesses the relevant facts and selects the relevant moral or legal rules must not be someone who has something to gain or lose by the outcome , although this presupposes the correctness of the rules to be applied and so takes us back to the impartiality normally associated with legislators , which is a matter of their involvement in determining rules which are not only universalisable but are actually to be universalised , at least within a given community , and to their impartiality in the third sense namely the adequacy of the consideration given to the various relevant considerations .
if we are looking for advice on a particular situation which affects us then impartiality of the second type is particularly important ; for instance , the judge who assesses the relevant facts and selects the relevant moral or legal rules must not be someone who has something to gain or lose by the outcome , although this presupposes the correctness of the rules to be applied and so takes us back to the impartiality normally associated with legislators , which is a matter of their involvement in determining rules which are not only universalisable but are actually to be universalised , at least within a given community , and to their impartiality in the third sense namely the adequacy of the consideration given to the various relevant [thoughts] .

What this means is that overall economic policy should be dictated by utilitarian considerations , aiming to improve the general welfare .
what this means is that overall economic policy should be dictated by utilitarian [thoughts] , aiming to improve the general welfare .

Such considerations pose problems for the structure of government in the United Kingdom .
such [thoughts] pose problems for the structure of government in the united kingdom .

Other considerations , however , enter into the calculation .
other [thoughts] , however , enter into the calculation .

We need to show in every possible way that far more important than economic considerations are the needs of individual people and communities .
we need to show in every possible way that far more important than economic [thoughts] are the needs of individual people and communities .

Possible considerations in the planning schedule will include : arranging the printing of publicity material ; posting invitations and publicity material , including media contacts ; framing ; arranging insurance of work and transport to and from the venue ; the private view ; hanging the exhibition and taking down the exhibition .
possible [thoughts] in the planning schedule will include : arranging the printing of publicity material ; posting invitations and publicity material , including media contacts ; framing ; arranging insurance of work and transport to and from the venue ; the private view ; hanging the exhibition and taking down the exhibition .

Presentations of costs of residential and fostering care and intermediate treatment which ignore these important considerations can result in unjustified conclusions about cost effectiveness .
presentations of costs of residential and fostering care and intermediate treatment which ignore these important [thoughts] can result in unjustified conclusions about cost effectiveness .

Anyway these are the basic considerations you 'll have to take into account when choosing your army .
anyway these are the basic [thoughts] you 'll have to take into account when choosing your army .

But there are two further points which emerge from considerations of a wide range of literature relating to public enterprise : big investment decisions have been complicated and delayed as a result of having to be considered by a number of government departments ; such decisions have been easy prey to party political pressures when they have involved the location of new plants and/or closure of old ones [ Knight , 1974 ] .
but there are two further points which emerge from [thoughts] of a wide range of literature relating to public enterprise : big investment decisions have been complicated and delayed as a result of having to be considered by a number of government departments ; such decisions have been easy prey to party political pressures when they have involved the location of new plants and/or closure of old ones [ knight , 1974 ] .

Religious considerations apart , the commonest indications for circumcision in current surgical practice are phimosis , preputial adhesions , ballooning of the foreskin , and balanitis .
religious [thoughts] apart , the commonest indications for circumcision in current surgical practice are phimosis , preputial adhesions , ballooning of the foreskin , and balanitis .

Political and nationalistic considerations are totally irrelevant .
political and nationalistic [thoughts] are totally irrelevant .

The very opposite considerations lead to the success of businesses where intense customer contact is the basis of commerce .
the very opposite [thoughts] lead to the success of businesses where intense customer contact is the basis of commerce .

We will conclude with tactical considerations of network design , performance evaluation , and network management and security techniques .
we will conclude with tactical [thoughts] of network design , performance evaluation , and network management and security techniques .

However , as with all discussion of the human condition , they have to be balanced with other considerations .
however , as with all discussion of the human condition , they have to be balanced with other [thoughts] .

Security considerations kept him away from the frontline base of Vitez , but soldiers from the mountain stronghold travelled 30 miles through bandit country to see him .
security [thoughts] kept him away from the frontline base of vitez , but soldiers from the mountain stronghold travelled 30 miles through bandit country to see him .

Dickinson 's view that early Anglo-Saxon archaeology lacks a good theoretical framework is an extraordinarily isolationist one , when archaeology has been undergoing a revolution in thinking since the beginning of the 1960s and which has been dominated by theoretical considerations appropriate to all archaeological periods , including the post-Roman periods .
dickinson 's view that early anglo-saxon archaeology lacks a good theoretical framework is an extraordinarily isolationist one , when archaeology has been undergoing a revolution in thinking since the beginning of the 1960s and which has been dominated by theoretical [thoughts] appropriate to all archaeological periods , including the post-roman periods .

The location of rural settlements depends on a balance of considerations , ultimately on the nature of the rural economy and the system of land tenure .
the location of rural settlements depends on a balance of [thoughts] , ultimately on the nature of the rural economy and the system of land tenure .

The evidence currently suggests that the factors controlling the dispersal of similarly decorated pottery related more to the social system than to purely commercial factors , even if economic considerations controlled the distance travelled to a chosen clay source .
the evidence currently suggests that the factors controlling the dispersal of similarly decorated pottery related more to the social system than to purely commercial factors , even if economic [thoughts] controlled the distance travelled to a chosen clay source .

Five others who had been implicated , including the head of National Security , were not prosecuted , allegedly due to political considerations .
five others who had been implicated , including the head of national security , were not prosecuted , allegedly due to political [thoughts] .

Progress towards this happy state would be hindered by revolution ; some of those who read his book might have been inspired to take some practical action , so in order to make clear his position Godwin produced a pamphlet in 1795 entitled Considerations on Lord Grenville ‘ s and Mr. Pitt 's Bills in which he supported the government 's repression of ‘ agitators and democrats ’ .
progress towards this happy state would be hindered by revolution ; some of those who read his book might have been inspired to take some practical action , so in order to make clear his position godwin produced a pamphlet in 1795 entitled [thoughts] on lord grenville ‘ s and mr. pitt 's bills in which he supported the government 's repression of ‘ agitators and democrats ’ .

It is impossible to quantify these concepts precisely and the assumption that changes are small is more likely to be valid in large-scale problems ( where one coefficient , for example , is less important in relation to the rest of the data ) than in the simple examples used for illustration , but the underlying principles are independent of such considerations .
it is impossible to quantify these concepts precisely and the assumption that changes are small is more likely to be valid in large-scale problems ( where one coefficient , for example , is less important in relation to the rest of the data ) than in the simple examples used for illustration , but the underlying principles are independent of such [thoughts] .

The use of penalties to choose the bounding variable is motivated by two considerations .
the use of penalties to choose the bounding variable is motivated by two [thoughts] .

Not only does automation lead to a heightened sense of alienation , it also , Naville suggests , enables workers to obtain a better understanding of the real determinants of the pattern of authority relations prevalent in the society , which Naville presumes to be dictated by social class rather than technocratic or efficiency considerations .
not only does automation lead to a heightened sense of alienation , it also , naville suggests , enables workers to obtain a better understanding of the real determinants of the pattern of authority relations prevalent in the society , which naville presumes to be dictated by social class rather than technocratic or efficiency [thoughts] .

Hackman and Oldham are , however , pessimistic about the amount of attention that will be paid to job design considerations as new technology is introduced .
hackman and oldham are , however , pessimistic about the amount of attention that will be paid to job design [thoughts] as new technology is introduced .

This is an additional reason for management to create an even more elaborate division of labour than might be warranted from mere technical considerations of the tasks to be done .
this is an additional reason for management to create an even more elaborate division of labour than might be warranted from mere technical [thoughts] of the tasks to be done .

Terrified , their initial reaction was to make a run for it ; but other considerations crowded in .
terrified , their initial reaction was to make a run for it ; but other [thoughts] crowded in .

This is before you move on to environmental impact , the feeling of the community , and what the planners think : considerations whose complexity rises exponentially with the size and prominence of a site , and the number of bodies who have interests in the exercise .
this is before you move on to environmental impact , the feeling of the community , and what the planners think : [thoughts] whose complexity rises exponentially with the size and prominence of a site , and the number of bodies who have interests in the exercise .

This is apart from considerations of safety .
this is apart from [thoughts] of safety .

Such considerations aside , they 're also tailor-made for ‘ days out ’ features in My Guy .
such [thoughts] aside , they 're also tailor-made for ‘ days out ’ features in my guy .

Also there were major repairs to property to decide on , as well as seasonal considerations , and orders to transmit , with regard to land use of many thousands of acres , the annual survey of cattle and horse stock and especially the great sheep-hirsels in the Lammermuir Hills , the wool from which , largely exported to Flanders and the Low Countries from Berwick-on-Tweed , constituted the lordship 's principal source of wealth .
also there were major repairs to property to decide on , as well as seasonal [thoughts] , and orders to transmit , with regard to land use of many thousands of acres , the annual survey of cattle and horse stock and especially the great sheep-hirsels in the lammermuir hills , the wool from which , largely exported to flanders and the low countries from berwick-on-tweed , constituted the lordship 's principal source of wealth .

However , existing technology , combined with economic considerations , made that seem inevitable .
however , existing technology , combined with economic [thoughts] , made that seem inevitable .

In too many instances in the past the interests of beauty have been heavily outweighed by commercial considerations .
in too many instances in the past the interests of beauty have been heavily outweighed by commercial [thoughts] .

So all of these considerations operate to make us take our lunchtimes fairly carefully .
so all of these [thoughts] operate to make us take our lunchtimes fairly carefully .

Being Mario , that brought to mind his mother crying back in the camps because there was n't enough food to put on the table , and that led to considerations of the importance of the family in his life , of the value of tradition , thoughts of how Italian he was as well as American , of the kind of clean life America had offered , of his gratitude , of his feeling for his father who 'd made this giant move at such cost to himself , who had suffered so long and who now saw some chance for his kids of bettering themselves .
being mario , that brought to mind his mother crying back in the camps because there was n't enough food to put on the table , and that led to [thoughts] of the importance of the family in his life , of the value of tradition , thoughts of how italian he was as well as american , of the kind of clean life america had offered , of his gratitude , of his feeling for his father who 'd made this giant move at such cost to himself , who had suffered so long and who now saw some chance for his kids of bettering themselves .

The trouble with the ‘ functional ’ approach , however , is that it carries with it the risk that you will omit general considerations such as overall objectives and strategy .
the trouble with the ‘ functional ’ approach , however , is that it carries with it the risk that you will omit general [thoughts] such as overall objectives and strategy .

Operating Considerations
operating [thoughts]

Sometimes there can be other considerations such as where the cause of action arose , but these are the main two choices .
sometimes there can be other [thoughts] such as where the cause of action arose , but these are the main two choices .

Mineral extraction and quarrying were the only other enterprises producing for more than immediate local demand , though practical considerations must generally have limited the distances stone could be transported .
mineral extraction and quarrying were the only other enterprises producing for more than immediate local demand , though practical [thoughts] must generally have limited the distances stone could be transported .

According to some criteria perhaps , but if so they would have to exclude from ‘ the political , considerations such as those described here .
according to some criteria perhaps , but if so they would have to exclude from ‘ the political , [thoughts] such as those described here .

One knows that governments have other considerations to bear in mind , including the legislative process itself .
one knows that governments have other [thoughts] to bear in mind , including the legislative process itself .

In Scotland , the Scottish Education Department has given similar encouragement , notably in its recognition of special educational needs considerations in the ‘ Scottish action plan ’ which has transformed Scottish further education .
in scotland , the scottish education department has given similar encouragement , notably in its recognition of special educational needs [thoughts] in the ‘ scottish action plan ’ which has transformed scottish further education .

The curriculum considerations of the whole-school approach imply that pupils will be in the mainstream classes and the responsibility of the class teacher .
the curriculum [thoughts] of the whole-school approach imply that pupils will be in the mainstream classes and the responsibility of the class teacher .

The class teachers identified knowledge of classroom strategies and routines including small-group work , speech and communication skills and special educational needs generally as important considerations for training .
the class teachers identified knowledge of classroom strategies and routines including small-group work , speech and communication skills and special educational needs generally as important [thoughts] for training .

And like conventional psychology , humanist psychology retains an idea of the subject which can be isolated from social considerations for the purposes of creating a truly scientific psychological theory .
and like conventional psychology , humanist psychology retains an idea of the subject which can be isolated from social [thoughts] for the purposes of creating a truly scientific psychological theory .

The relationship between signification and subjectivity is very important for some feminist considerations of ‘ race ’ and class ( e.g .
the relationship between signification and subjectivity is very important for some feminist [thoughts] of ‘ race ’ and class ( e.g .

On the one hand , there are many topics that could be experimented on that are barred by ethical considerations .
on the one hand , there are many topics that could be experimented on that are barred by ethical [thoughts] .

News values and considerations of newsworthiness also prioritize events and they describe , establish and reinforce images and relationships of order and power in our society .
news values and [thoughts] of newsworthiness also prioritize events and they describe , establish and reinforce images and relationships of order and power in our society .

Few contemporary political strategies are conceived without considerable attention being paid to media considerations .
few contemporary political strategies are conceived without considerable attention being paid to media [thoughts] .

Other criteria such as the press 's preference for orientating itself to the state , to political parties , or to economic interests are important but secondary considerations .
other criteria such as the press 's preference for orientating itself to the state , to political parties , or to economic interests are important but secondary [thoughts] .

The declining fortunes of explicit political content is illustrative of long-term processes which have left the press open to ( perhaps ) ‘ undesirable ’ commercial influences and considerations .
the declining fortunes of explicit political content is illustrative of long-term processes which have left the press open to ( perhaps ) ‘ undesirable ’ commercial influences and [thoughts] .

That such considerations have always existed should not blind us to their ‘ undesirable ’ effects ; however , that they have always existed also suggests that there may be no ‘ ideal ’ to which the press should aspire or indeed revert .
that such [thoughts] have always existed should not blind us to their ‘ undesirable ’ effects ; however , that they have always existed also suggests that there may be no ‘ ideal ’ to which the press should aspire or indeed revert .

Whereas in the 19th century each political faction prided itself on having its own newspaper , the steady decline in titles narrowed the available range and , inevitably , displaced political considerations as proprietorial and editorial attention turned to questions of commercial survival .
whereas in the 19th century each political faction prided itself on having its own newspaper , the steady decline in titles narrowed the available range and , inevitably , displaced political [thoughts] as proprietorial and editorial attention turned to questions of commercial survival .

It was not a case of a new breed of non-political owners coming to the fore but of ownership tempered by financial considerations and a changed attitude to the role of the newspapers in the ‘ reconstruction ’ of Britain .
it was not a case of a new breed of non-political owners coming to the fore but of ownership tempered by financial [thoughts] and a changed attitude to the role of the newspapers in the ‘ reconstruction ’ of britain .

Part of the reasons for their failures are related to managerial and organizational considerations but these can not account for everything .
part of the reasons for their failures are related to managerial and organizational [thoughts] but these can not account for everything .

However , it is unlikely that such proprietorial power will be exercised without reference to commercial considerations or marketing considerations .
however , it is unlikely that such proprietorial power will be exercised without reference to commercial [thoughts] or marketing [thoughts] .

In an increasingly cut-throat environment , purely political , or ideological , considerations may be important , albeit secondary .
in an increasingly cut-throat environment , purely political , or ideological , [thoughts] may be important , albeit secondary .

Such choices may be exploited , and fed , by commercial considerations but they ultimately reflect an actual desire for a specific type of medium .
such choices may be exploited , and fed , by commercial [thoughts] but they ultimately reflect an actual desire for a specific type of medium .

practices widely accepted during one decade may become quite inappropriate in the next , in which different social conditions may prevail and different technological considerations apply .
practices widely accepted during one decade may become quite inappropriate in the next , in which different social conditions may prevail and different technological [thoughts] apply .

Leaving aside such considerations as whether you would still be able to have your grandchildren to stay and looking at the matter strictly in financial terms , it is as well to realise from the outset that the cash difference on the exchange — in other words , your profit — will invariably be less than you expect .
leaving aside such [thoughts] as whether you would still be able to have your grandchildren to stay and looking at the matter strictly in financial terms , it is as well to realise from the outset that the cash difference on the exchange — in other words , your profit — will invariably be less than you expect .

True , the issue may be complicated by tax and other considerations but for most choices this very basic analysis helps greatly to clarify the financial arguments on both sides .
true , the issue may be complicated by tax and other [thoughts] but for most choices this very basic analysis helps greatly to clarify the financial arguments on both sides .

Family and proprietary considerations still loomed so large that the Kaiser could in 1891 give orders for a mobilization to be carried out if his mother was insulted in Paris , yet it was also an age in which monarchs had more and more to personify national and even democratic causes .
family and proprietary [thoughts] still loomed so large that the kaiser could in 1891 give orders for a mobilization to be carried out if his mother was insulted in paris , yet it was also an age in which monarchs had more and more to personify national and even democratic causes .

In specific instances the answer to either question may well be yes , but as a general proposition , three considerations must dampen anyone 's enthusiasm for economic brinkmanship with the Soviet Union :
in specific instances the answer to either question may well be yes , but as a general proposition , three [thoughts] must dampen anyone 's enthusiasm for economic brinkmanship with the soviet union :

But the prior question is how insulated the civil economy can be from defence considerations in the Soviet Union .
but the prior question is how insulated the civil economy can be from defence [thoughts] in the soviet union .

The point of the exercise is to ensure : ( 1 ) that all actors properly concerned with defence participate in the process , and that views and considerations bearing upon defence are ventilated ; and ( 2 ) that a unified , coherent plan emerges on the basis of Soviet military doctrine .
the point of the exercise is to ensure : ( 1 ) that all actors properly concerned with defence participate in the process , and that views and [thoughts] bearing upon defence are ventilated ; and ( 2 ) that a unified , coherent plan emerges on the basis of soviet military doctrine .

But we have not lost sight of the important role to be played by considerations concerning range of vocabulary items , methods of syntactic combination , discreteness of signals , and the associated semantic possibilities .
but we have not lost sight of the important role to be played by [thoughts] concerning range of vocabulary items , methods of syntactic combination , discreteness of signals , and the associated semantic possibilities .

Considerations concerning syntactic and semantic structure are not unconnected with those about the beliefs and intentions involved in linguistic communication — beliefs and intentions which McDowell suggests are quite secondary once one has accepted that communication in general ( from simple instinctive types through to natural language ) has first and foremost to do with the transfer of information , or the instilling of knowledge .
[thoughts] concerning syntactic and semantic structure are not unconnected with those about the beliefs and intentions involved in linguistic communication — beliefs and intentions which mcdowell suggests are quite secondary once one has accepted that communication in general ( from simple instinctive types through to natural language ) has first and foremost to do with the transfer of information , or the instilling of knowledge .

But these are technical considerations not to be dwelt on here .
but these are technical [thoughts] not to be dwelt on here .

There are great difficulties about this notion , however crudely one expresses it , and however firm the intuition that it is true , and they come from well-known considerations to do with unconscious and sub-conscious aspects of the mind , as well as from the more rococo possibilities of more than one conscious individual within a single body , which has recently been connected with research on the status and relationship of the two hemispheres of the brain ( cf .
there are great difficulties about this notion , however crudely one expresses it , and however firm the intuition that it is true , and they come from well-known [thoughts] to do with unconscious and sub-conscious aspects of the mind , as well as from the more rococo possibilities of more than one conscious individual within a single body , which has recently been connected with research on the status and relationship of the two hemispheres of the brain ( cf .

Abstract considerations show that computational mechanisms of a certain type ( such as a nervous net with no significant prior structure ) simply can not achieve specific kinds of spatial pattern recognition ( Minsky & Papert 1969 ) .
abstract [thoughts] show that computational mechanisms of a certain type ( such as a nervous net with no significant prior structure ) simply can not achieve specific kinds of spatial pattern recognition ( minsky & papert 1969 ) .

Either because its causal impact is outweighed by structural considerations ( a possibility that will be discussed in Chapter vi ) , or because it is itself to be explained as the effect of social wholes and their properties .
either because its causal impact is outweighed by structural [thoughts] ( a possibility that will be discussed in chapter vi ) , or because it is itself to be explained as the effect of social wholes and their properties .

However , while this is true , it misses the point ; for Braudel 's choice of categories is guided by more than pragmatic considerations , and is based on a view of historical explanations .
however , while this is true , it misses the point ; for braudel 's choice of categories is guided by more than pragmatic [thoughts] , and is based on a view of historical explanations .

Such basic considerations , however , tend to provide more information about what was impossible than about what occurred , and their explanatory power is therefore limited .
such basic [thoughts] , however , tend to provide more information about what was impossible than about what occurred , and their explanatory power is therefore limited .

Lyell had made adaptational considerations alone completely decisive in determining the timing and placing of both species extinctions and species origins .
lyell had made adaptational [thoughts] alone completely decisive in determining the timing and placing of both species extinctions and species origins .

Naturalism in a broader sense consists in the attempt to lay down certain fundamental aspects of the good life for man on the basis of considerations of human nature .
naturalism in a broader sense consists in the attempt to lay down certain fundamental aspects of the good life for man on the basis of [thoughts] of human nature .

Suppose that considerations of evolutionary theory show that certain behaviour is in some sense appropriate for human beings .
suppose that [thoughts] of evolutionary theory show that certain behaviour is in some sense appropriate for human beings .

If they can , then the biological considerations are not going to show that they ought not to ; while , if they can not so diverge , then there is no question of ought .
if they can , then the biological [thoughts] are not going to show that they ought not to ; while , if they can not so diverge , then there is no question of ought .

It is simply that the most plausible stories now available about that evolution , including its very recent date and also certain considerations about the physical characteristics of the species , suggests that human beings are to some degree a mess , and that the rapid and immense development of symbolic and cultural capacities has left man as a being for which no form of life is likely to prove entirely satisfactory , either individually or socially .
it is simply that the most plausible stories now available about that evolution , including its very recent date and also certain [thoughts] about the physical characteristics of the species , suggests that human beings are to some degree a mess , and that the rapid and immense development of symbolic and cultural capacities has left man as a being for which no form of life is likely to prove entirely satisfactory , either individually or socially .

The ends to which they might properly be put would be severely limited by these considerations .
the ends to which they might properly be put would be severely limited by these [thoughts] .

Considerations that are given deliberative priority in order to secure reliability constitute obligations ; corresponding to those obligations are rights , possessed by people who benefit from the obligations .
[thoughts] that are given deliberative priority in order to secure reliability constitute obligations ; corresponding to those obligations are rights , possessed by people who benefit from the obligations .

The concentration of the legal positivists upon the use of utilitarian considerations to guide legislators , judging everything in terms of the common good , can result in individual injustices , and human rights are necessary to protect the individual against these .
the concentration of the legal positivists upon the use of utilitarian [thoughts] to guide legislators , judging everything in terms of the common good , can result in individual injustices , and human rights are necessary to protect the individual against these .

Firstly , there are considerations of human well-being .
firstly , there are [thoughts] of human well-being .

Even if all meat and dairy products were produced by intensive husbandry and the alleged abuses were rife it would nonetheless be perfectly fair to argue that the possible catastrophic consequences of widespread vegetarianism for human beings , which have been pointed out , would more than outweigh the continued suffering of the animals . Clark not only dissents but is hopeful enough to scorn utilitarian considerations about humane husbandry and so forth :
even if all meat and dairy products were produced by intensive husbandry and the alleged abuses were rife it would nonetheless be perfectly fair to argue that the possible catastrophic consequences of widespread vegetarianism for human beings , which have been pointed out , would more than outweigh the continued suffering of the animals . clark not only dissents but is hopeful enough to scorn utilitarian [thoughts] about humane husbandry and so forth :

Such considerations should bring encouragement to anyone concerned for the cause of Christ .
such [thoughts] should bring encouragement to anyone concerned for the cause of christ .

Those who put their work or other considerations before their family life often live to regret it .
those who put their work or other [thoughts] before their family life often live to regret it .

Given the above considerations , our electronic publishing course covers the principles of the following areas :
given the above [thoughts] , our electronic publishing course covers the principles of the following areas :

Human-Computer Interaction — psychological , ergonomic and social considerations ;
human-computer interaction — psychological , ergonomic and social [thoughts] ;

Print Publishing — history , financial strategies , distribution , contracts , social considerations ;
print publishing — history , financial strategies , distribution , contracts , social [thoughts] ;

Developmental considerations should be taken into account as the intellectual maturity and the age of the child will affect continence .
developmental [thoughts] should be taken into account as the intellectual maturity and the age of the child will affect continence .

Patriotism , however , was tempered to varying degrees by the personal considerations as already stated .
patriotism , however , was tempered to varying degrees by the personal [thoughts] as already stated .

Political considerations may have made them less inclined to return to China , but it was generally not a major reason for leaving in the first place .
political [thoughts] may have made them less inclined to return to china , but it was generally not a major reason for leaving in the first place .

One of the important considerations for instructors will be timescale .
one of the important [thoughts] for instructors will be timescale .

Questions 1 to 4 cover considerations necessary for any type of intervention but they are not arranged in a logical , systematic order .
questions 1 to 4 cover [thoughts] necessary for any type of intervention but they are not arranged in a logical , systematic order .

The decision to use a video recorder or an audio recorder will depend upon a number of considerations , including the reason for making the recording , the data which the teacher or therapist hopes to recover and the resources available for making recordings and for coding and/ or transcribing .
the decision to use a video recorder or an audio recorder will depend upon a number of [thoughts] , including the reason for making the recording , the data which the teacher or therapist hopes to recover and the resources available for making recordings and for coding and/ or transcribing .

First considerations
first [thoughts]

Their content is determined by cultural considerations , rather than natural facts .
their content is determined by cultural [thoughts] , rather than natural facts .

It is evident from this quotation that the grammarians were mainly motivated not by considerations of linguistic naturalness or logic ( for example , the clash of singular and plural implicit in the use of they ; and as Bodine points out , why in any case is number concord more important than gender concord ? )
it is evident from this quotation that the grammarians were mainly motivated not by [thoughts] of linguistic naturalness or logic ( for example , the clash of singular and plural implicit in the use of they ; and as bodine points out , why in any case is number concord more important than gender concord ? )

Volume Two of a 10 volume series , this particular video contains two films , Watch and Ward in the Air a 1937 film showing the basics of air navigation for land based aircraft with special considerations given for flying boats .
volume two of a 10 volume series , this particular video contains two films , watch and ward in the air a 1937 film showing the basics of air navigation for land based aircraft with special [thoughts] given for flying boats .

Critics of the government 's drive for efficiency claim that it is motivated more by considerations of cost rather than of value for money or quality of service provided .
critics of the government 's drive for efficiency claim that it is motivated more by [thoughts] of cost rather than of value for money or quality of service provided .

Even his involvement with Freemasonry was probably dictated more by practical considerations than by any close identification with the higher spiritual aims of the movement .
even his involvement with freemasonry was probably dictated more by practical [thoughts] than by any close identification with the higher spiritual aims of the movement .

Her children have disappointed and saddened her to the point where she has made the decision to rule them out of future considerations surrounding the throne .
her children have disappointed and saddened her to the point where she has made the decision to rule them out of future [thoughts] surrounding the throne .

It will be helpful to consider a typical general example , and then to illustrate how a balance between these two considerations can be achieved .
it will be helpful to consider a typical general example , and then to illustrate how a balance between these two [thoughts] can be achieved .

Has the doctor diagnosed accurately or have ‘ ageist ’ considerations clouded medical judgement ?
has the doctor diagnosed accurately or have ‘ ageist ’ [thoughts] clouded medical judgement ?

When choosing a frame , one of the most important considerations is the style of picture you wish to make .
when choosing a frame , one of the most important [thoughts] is the style of picture you wish to make .

However , most normal materials are not much affected by considerations of dynamic and static loading .
however , most normal materials are not much affected by [thoughts] of dynamic and static loading .

Too much time was spent on systems considerations and too little on financial management .
too much time was spent on systems [thoughts] and too little on financial management .

’ Mr Scully adds that security considerations may limit what data an individual can look at — London , for instance , can not look at the accounts specific to Hong Kong .
’ mr scully adds that security [thoughts] may limit what data an individual can look at — london , for instance , can not look at the accounts specific to hong kong .

For example , commercial considerations might require that an option to acquire an item of property be exercised : in this case the exercise price of the option could be a liability .
for example , commercial [thoughts] might require that an option to acquire an item of property be exercised : in this case the exercise price of the option could be a liability .

Apart from not knowing how long to sub-let the space for , there are other considerations that dictate a company 's strategy .
apart from not knowing how long to sub-let the space for , there are other [thoughts] that dictate a company 's strategy .

Psychologically , the male-female union as a result of the Jaw of Three is , by nature , extended to include additional considerations which become more complex as the functioning of the relationship changes .
psychologically , the male-female union as a result of the jaw of three is , by nature , extended to include additional [thoughts] which become more complex as the functioning of the relationship changes .

By the mid-century economic considerations were more important , and although roads continued to be built , more attention was paid to the construction of railway lines .
by the mid-century economic [thoughts] were more important , and although roads continued to be built , more attention was paid to the construction of railway lines .

Although the formal rules of police courts were almost entirely of British origin , in practice the atmosphere was influenced by climatic and other considerations .
although the formal rules of police courts were almost entirely of british origin , in practice the atmosphere was influenced by climatic and other [thoughts] .

The proximity of a market , the feasibility of holding the animal for ransom , the likely amount of profit to be earned , the value of the animal to thieves if kept for personal use or consumption , and the likelihood of discovery and punishment were among the considerations which were taken into account .
the proximity of a market , the feasibility of holding the animal for ransom , the likely amount of profit to be earned , the value of the animal to thieves if kept for personal use or consumption , and the likelihood of discovery and punishment were among the [thoughts] which were taken into account .

Several fortuitously converging considerations have encouraged this faith in the primacy of egoism .
several fortuitously converging [thoughts] have encouraged this faith in the primacy of egoism .

Here both the second and the third of our considerations encouraging faith in the importance of egoism come into play .
here both the second and the third of our [thoughts] encouraging faith in the importance of egoism come into play .

Now it becomes urgent to decide , but frivolous or weighty considerations keep pulling him in one direction or the other .
now it becomes urgent to decide , but frivolous or weighty [thoughts] keep pulling him in one direction or the other .

It must be admitted that in deliberately excluding considerations of principle we are crediting the traveller with a rather narrow kind of intelligence , acute though it may be .
it must be admitted that in deliberately excluding [thoughts] of principle we are crediting the traveller with a rather narrow kind of intelligence , acute though it may be .

As a moral imperative , far from being incommensurable with his previous considerations , it merely adds others similar in kind ; he now has to see things from his parents ' viewpoint as well as his own , consider their health and resources , ask himself how much they have done to arouse his gratitude or his rancour , whether his staying would really do them any good , whether he can get on with them without quarrelling , and add all this to the information which he must assimilate before he lets the needle of his internal compass finally settle in the direction of Bali or of home .
as a moral imperative , far from being incommensurable with his previous [thoughts] , it merely adds others similar in kind ; he now has to see things from his parents ' viewpoint as well as his own , consider their health and resources , ask himself how much they have done to arouse his gratitude or his rancour , whether his staying would really do them any good , whether he can get on with them without quarrelling , and add all this to the information which he must assimilate before he lets the needle of his internal compass finally settle in the direction of bali or of home .

The very considerations which make many so anxious to establish that value judgements are objective , a sense of the urgent social need of common rules , disquiet at the anarchic consequences of everyone doing as he likes , have had the effect of raising irrelevant doubts about that objectivity .
the very [thoughts] which make many so anxious to establish that value judgements are objective , a sense of the urgent social need of common rules , disquiet at the anarchic consequences of everyone doing as he likes , have had the effect of raising irrelevant doubts about that objectivity .

He has himself , let us say , spent a couple of disillusioning years in Bali , so that he fully understands the considerations which tempt the young man , but has the advantage of fuller information .
he has himself , let us say , spent a couple of disillusioning years in bali , so that he fully understands the [thoughts] which tempt the young man , but has the advantage of fuller information .

When he drew he put aside all other considerations and reached for the truth .
when he drew he put aside all other [thoughts] and reached for the truth .

Qualitative considerations
qualitative [thoughts]

Qualitative as well as quantitative factors come into play in the lease or buy decision . Important qualitative considerations include :
qualitative as well as quantitative factors come into play in the lease or buy decision . important qualitative [thoughts] include :

With spreadsheet products not always well-differentiated in terms of the basic calculations that they can do , considerations such as the quality of printed output carry some weight when one is choosing from the array of packages on offer .
with spreadsheet products not always well-differentiated in terms of the basic calculations that they can do , [thoughts] such as the quality of printed output carry some weight when one is choosing from the array of packages on offer .

The importance of sterling movement for the equity market extends , of course , well beyond export considerations to include the translation of foreign subsidiaries ' overseas earnings .
the importance of sterling movement for the equity market extends , of course , well beyond export [thoughts] to include the translation of foreign subsidiaries ' overseas earnings .

While we have seen the stockmarket react to these macro themes , specific company considerations have to be borne in mind .
while we have seen the stockmarket react to these macro themes , specific company [thoughts] have to be borne in mind .

Two considerations point the other way .
two [thoughts] point the other way .

These factors , while nothing to do with technical tax rules , must nevertheless figure clearly in any individual 's or company 's considerations when weighing up whether or not haven-based tax planning is really appropriate .
these factors , while nothing to do with technical tax rules , must nevertheless figure clearly in any individual 's or company 's [thoughts] when weighing up whether or not haven-based tax planning is really appropriate .

Quite an impressive list , but marked by a complete absence of public interest considerations .
quite an impressive list , but marked by a complete absence of public interest [thoughts] .

When William the Conqueror came to ‘ reform ’ the local church , that transformation may have been based as much on political as doctrinal and ritual considerations .
when william the conqueror came to ‘ reform ’ the local church , that transformation may have been based as much on political as doctrinal and ritual [thoughts] .

‘ If he once permits such considerations to influence his actions , the doctor will become the most dangerous man in the state .
‘ if he once permits such [thoughts] to influence his actions , the doctor will become the most dangerous man in the state .

In the real world political initiatives come a poor second to security considerations .
in the real world political initiatives come a poor second to security [thoughts] .

There is also a danger that , particularly in relation to inherent uncertainties arising from going concern considerations , added emphasis paragraphs would be used to such an extent that they become a standard paragraph .
there is also a danger that , particularly in relation to inherent uncertainties arising from going concern [thoughts] , added emphasis paragraphs would be used to such an extent that they become a standard paragraph .

Focusing upon the roll of instrumental considerations in family support thus helps us to uncover elements of the morality of duty in family life .
focusing upon the roll of instrumental [thoughts] in family support thus helps us to uncover elements of the morality of duty in family life .

In this instance instrumental considerations are reinforced by long-established cultural patterns .
in this instance instrumental [thoughts] are reinforced by long-established cultural patterns .

The importance of economic considerations is supported by evidence from Burgoyne and Clark 's ( 1984 ) small-scale study of couples in second marriages .
the importance of economic [thoughts] is supported by evidence from burgoyne and clark 's ( 1984 ) small-scale study of couples in second marriages .

Despite this , considerations of self-interest are not entirely absent .
despite this , [thoughts] of self-interest are not entirely absent .

However , the right to make such demands is not limitless , and in deciding how to respond children may bring in instrumental considerations .
however , the right to make such demands is not limitless , and in deciding how to respond children may bring in instrumental [thoughts] .

The common ground between historians is that reciprocal exchange on the basis of mutual advantage is the essence of support between kin , making the family a group whose relationships are rooted in material considerations and not simply one which is bound together by moral imperatives and ties of affection .
the common ground between historians is that reciprocal exchange on the basis of mutual advantage is the essence of support between kin , making the family a group whose relationships are rooted in material [thoughts] and not simply one which is bound together by moral imperatives and ties of affection .

Were such calculations always based on short-term considerations ?
were such calculations always based on short-term [thoughts] ?

Beccaria 's attempt to avoid considerations of responsibility and desert must be regarded as something of a failure .
beccaria 's attempt to avoid [thoughts] of responsibility and desert must be regarded as something of a failure .

Beccaria 's unwillingness to allow individual differences — whether in terms of personal characteristics or socio-economic position — to enter into considerations of punishment , also distanced him from the positivist version of human manipulability .
beccaria 's unwillingness to allow individual differences — whether in terms of personal characteristics or socio-economic position — to enter into [thoughts] of punishment , also distanced him from the positivist version of human manipulability .

The shift of focus from the crime to the criminal , however , seemed to be accompanied by a diversion of attention away from specific considerations of appropriate penal treatments .
the shift of focus from the crime to the criminal , however , seemed to be accompanied by a diversion of attention away from specific [thoughts] of appropriate penal treatments .

Postclassical criminology must be alive to both of these considerations .
postclassical criminology must be alive to both of these [thoughts] .

If such crimes really are entirely accounted for by the possession of abnormal motives propelling their possessors into crime regardless of any other considerations , then it does not really possess the features that usually class actions as ‘ crimes ’ ; rather , it would belong in some alternative category , such as mental illness .
if such crimes really are entirely accounted for by the possession of abnormal motives propelling their possessors into crime regardless of any other [thoughts] , then it does not really possess the features that usually class actions as ‘ crimes ’ ; rather , it would belong in some alternative category , such as mental illness .

The strength of our belief in conformity , based on this ‘ sense of justice ’ may act quite independently of considerations of immediate personal advantage .
the strength of our belief in conformity , based on this ‘ sense of justice ’ may act quite independently of [thoughts] of immediate personal advantage .

Similar considerations helped to explain the survival of the provincial dailies in the face of competition from the nationals .
similar [thoughts] helped to explain the survival of the provincial dailies in the face of competition from the nationals .

Internal social considerations can govern the converse shift , from prose to verse .
internal social [thoughts] can govern the converse shift , from prose to verse .

As before there were considerations of restricting overall investment to physical availability of materials , and of maintaining leverage over the nationalised industries as part of Keynesian demand management in the economy ( allowing greater expenditure when a slump threatened and reining it in when the economy appeared to be overheating ) .
as before there were [thoughts] of restricting overall investment to physical availability of materials , and of maintaining leverage over the nationalised industries as part of keynesian demand management in the economy ( allowing greater expenditure when a slump threatened and reining it in when the economy appeared to be overheating ) .

There are , however , a number of considerations which suggest that the economists who criticised the industry exaggerated their case .
there are , however , a number of [thoughts] which suggest that the economists who criticised the industry exaggerated their case .

In the conditions of capacity shortage which they faced , short-term considerations favoured priority attention to reliability rather than optimising long-term efficiency .
in the conditions of capacity shortage which they faced , short-term [thoughts] favoured priority attention to reliability rather than optimising long-term efficiency .

In India , army officers in the Company 's service were advanced by time promotion , mitigated in some degree by considerations of evident merit , and commissions were not openly bought and sold as they were in the British army .
in india , army officers in the company 's service were advanced by time promotion , mitigated in some degree by [thoughts] of evident merit , and commissions were not openly bought and sold as they were in the british army .

The profit from private trading , which was the chief attraction of service in an East Indiaman , was really a monopoly of the senior officers , and considerations of nepotism and private interest ensured that there was a considerable element of uncertainty in an officer 's career in this service .
the profit from private trading , which was the chief attraction of service in an east indiaman , was really a monopoly of the senior officers , and [thoughts] of nepotism and private interest ensured that there was a considerable element of uncertainty in an officer 's career in this service .

Equally , in this period , the chances of becoming a beneficed clergyman were greatly enhanced if political interest was exerted on the candidate 's behalf in the case of crown patronages , while no politician-nobleman , with his own ecclesiastical patronage available , would be likely to ignore political considerations when placing a minister .
equally , in this period , the chances of becoming a beneficed clergyman were greatly enhanced if political interest was exerted on the candidate 's behalf in the case of crown patronages , while no politician-nobleman , with his own ecclesiastical patronage available , would be likely to ignore political [thoughts] when placing a minister .

When political considerations took primacy over whether qualifications it is not surprising that some of the appointments were given to candidates ill-suited to the duties they were called upon to perform , such as the Lanarkshire freeholder appointed macer of the Court of Session who , according to James Boswell , ‘ had a constant hoarseness , so that he could scarcely be heard when he called the causes and the lawyers , and was indeed as unfit for a crier of court as a man could be .
when political [thoughts] took primacy over whether qualifications it is not surprising that some of the appointments were given to candidates ill-suited to the duties they were called upon to perform , such as the lanarkshire freeholder appointed macer of the court of session who , according to james boswell , ‘ had a constant hoarseness , so that he could scarcely be heard when he called the causes and the lawyers , and was indeed as unfit for a crier of court as a man could be .

In other cases , the ‘ will they or wo n't they adopt me ’ issue came to dominate the placement to the exclusion of all other considerations .
in other cases , the ‘ will they or wo n't they adopt me ’ issue came to dominate the placement to the exclusion of all other [thoughts] .

Had the student acted without regard to either of these considerations , then the act of admission to residential care might have come to represent for John an aggressive act against him rather than one which was intended to be supportive .
had the student acted without regard to either of these [thoughts] , then the act of admission to residential care might have come to represent for john an aggressive act against him rather than one which was intended to be supportive .

Apart from considerations of cost , the changing forms of family life also supported a move to substitute family care rather than institutional care .
apart from [thoughts] of cost , the changing forms of family life also supported a move to substitute family care rather than institutional care .

Yet they were clearly important considerations as far as the school was concerned .
yet they were clearly important [thoughts] as far as the school was concerned .

These considerations will suffice to save Anselm from the charge of contumacious neglect of recent papal policy .
these [thoughts] will suffice to save anselm from the charge of contumacious neglect of recent papal policy .

But there are three considerations which tell decisively against it :
but there are three [thoughts] which tell decisively against it :

These considerations apply equally to Lanfranc 's two successors , Anselm and Ralph .
these [thoughts] apply equally to lanfranc 's two successors , anselm and ralph .

The Museums and Galleries Commission is hoping that these considerations will lead the Charity Commissioners to reconsider their decision under the cy-pres ( i.e .
the museums and galleries commission is hoping that these [thoughts] will lead the charity commissioners to reconsider their decision under the cy-pres ( i.e .

: they 're just an average bunch of Luddites being championed because of kitsch , ‘ so out it 's in ’ considerations .
: they 're just an average bunch of luddites being championed because of kitsch , ‘ so out it 's in ’ [thoughts] .

Further considerations included the effect of centrifugal forces on carburettor feeds , cockpit instrumentation and the pilot , who could be in danger of blacking out as speed and ‘ g ’ loading increased .
further [thoughts] included the effect of centrifugal forces on carburettor feeds , cockpit instrumentation and the pilot , who could be in danger of blacking out as speed and ‘ g ’ loading increased .

The equation of balancing artistic integrity with commercial considerations is further influenced by the relationship of artist to patron and public .
the equation of balancing artistic integrity with commercial [thoughts] is further influenced by the relationship of artist to patron and public .

Practical considerations
practical [thoughts]

’ This is the language of the press release , breathlessly informing us that a speculator whose environmental record is not exactly unblemished and whose monstrous Land 's End ‘ facilities ’ are a blight against all aesthetic considerations , really does care what happens to the dear little flowers that have taken eternity to develop , and the cuddly cliff faces which shake and quiver at the climber 's intrusive touch .
’ this is the language of the press release , breathlessly informing us that a speculator whose environmental record is not exactly unblemished and whose monstrous land 's end ‘ facilities ’ are a blight against all aesthetic [thoughts] , really does care what happens to the dear little flowers that have taken eternity to develop , and the cuddly cliff faces which shake and quiver at the climber 's intrusive touch .

The same considerations of ideological convergence in broad terms and participation in public controversy encouraged the development of antislavery argument after the Napoleonic Wars in directions only lightly indicated in the early stages of the anti-slave trade argument .
the same [thoughts] of ideological convergence in broad terms and participation in public controversy encouraged the development of antislavery argument after the napoleonic wars in directions only lightly indicated in the early stages of the anti-slave trade argument .

Similarly , post-emancipation abolitionist accounts of antislavery history , in their strategies and silences , indicate colder considerations of priority in the cause , status and the relative significance of different contributions which both reflected a changed context and added to tensions of sect and party within antislavery .
similarly , post-emancipation abolitionist accounts of antislavery history , in their strategies and silences , indicate colder [thoughts] of priority in the cause , status and the relative significance of different contributions which both reflected a changed context and added to tensions of sect and party within antislavery .

That is , before considerations of compatibility or eventual adult size begin to limit the possibilities .
that is , before [thoughts] of compatibility or eventual adult size begin to limit the possibilities .

Self-respect was important but there were other considerations .
self-respect was important but there were other [thoughts] .

Certainly economic considerations were supreme and just as it did not make sense to build cinemas just for the rich so it would have been crazy to make films just for the religious , the doctrinaire , and the intellectual .
certainly economic [thoughts] were supreme and just as it did not make sense to build cinemas just for the rich so it would have been crazy to make films just for the religious , the doctrinaire , and the intellectual .

The idiosyncratic nature of Our Daily Bread was appreciated at the time of its release and was attributed to the obvious conflict between Vidor 's convictions and box-office considerations .
the idiosyncratic nature of our daily bread was appreciated at the time of its release and was attributed to the obvious conflict between vidor 's convictions and box-office [thoughts] .

Both of these are major considerations in comparing deaf and hearing recall ; unfortunately they are not so easily realised when stimulus material is non-verbal .
both of these are major [thoughts] in comparing deaf and hearing recall ; unfortunately they are not so easily realised when stimulus material is non-verbal .

These are particularly important considerations while differences , rather than similarities , continue to be a characteristic of English education .
these are particularly important [thoughts] while differences , rather than similarities , continue to be a characteristic of english education .

Such considerations , however , pale into insignificance against the effects of the industrial action which plagued schools in England and Wales from the Autumn of 1984 onwards .
such [thoughts] , however , pale into insignificance against the effects of the industrial action which plagued schools in england and wales from the autumn of 1984 onwards .

In spite of all this , the design process itself is often thought about and executed without any formal considerations about people .
in spite of all this , the design process itself is often thought about and executed without any formal [thoughts] about people .

The Human Factors specialist can rightly be accused of wanting to have a finger in every pie because , as he sees it , behavioural considerations do affect every design decision .
the human factors specialist can rightly be accused of wanting to have a finger in every pie because , as he sees it , behavioural [thoughts] do affect every design decision .

Even when design attention can be focussed on the interaction within a single man-machine sub-system it emerges that the man may have very different roles in setting-up , operation and maintenance of his particular machine and each role may require separate man-machine allocation considerations .
even when design attention can be focussed on the interaction within a single man-machine sub-system it emerges that the man may have very different roles in setting-up , operation and maintenance of his particular machine and each role may require separate man-machine allocation [thoughts] .

Presented here is an experience very divergent from the first two : a total neglect and , indeed , ignorance of educational considerations .
presented here is an experience very divergent from the first two : a total neglect and , indeed , ignorance of educational [thoughts] .

Thus statements in the text material which attribute spatial differences to ‘ different kinds of people ’ , or government planning , or factors of location such as the availability and stability of a labour market , have arbitrarily stopped the causal chain at a point which omits social , economic and political considerations . To claim that explanation in geography can go no further is only to say that it is inadequate to its task , and ignores the fact that many geographers are going further :
thus statements in the text material which attribute spatial differences to ‘ different kinds of people ’ , or government planning , or factors of location such as the availability and stability of a labour market , have arbitrarily stopped the causal chain at a point which omits social , economic and political [thoughts] . to claim that explanation in geography can go no further is only to say that it is inadequate to its task , and ignores the fact that many geographers are going further :

There may also be a desire to utilise comparative studies for practical policy considerations by attempting to derive ‘ lessons ’ from overseas experience .
there may also be a desire to utilise comparative studies for practical policy [thoughts] by attempting to derive ‘ lessons ’ from overseas experience .

Theoretical Considerations
theoretical [thoughts]

With notable exceptions such as Clegg ( 1976 ) , many studies present empirically derived information arising from cross-national investigations , often relating to institutions and practices , which is then analysed and interpreted with no direct orientation towards theoretical considerations .
with notable exceptions such as clegg ( 1976 ) , many studies present empirically derived information arising from cross-national investigations , often relating to institutions and practices , which is then analysed and interpreted with no direct orientation towards theoretical [thoughts] .

For many years this was confined mainly to comparative considerations embracing strong ideological overtones , such as factors which have engendered ‘ the labour problem ’ ( Weber , 1974 ) .
for many years this was confined mainly to comparative [thoughts] embracing strong ideological overtones , such as factors which have engendered ‘ the labour problem ’ ( weber , 1974 ) .

By contrast , in the United States ( and some would argue in Britain ) , greater emphasis has been placed upon the attainment of shorter-term economic gains for their own members , although broader considerations of social justice and ‘ movement ’ are by no means absent .
by contrast , in the united states ( and some would argue in britain ) , greater emphasis has been placed upon the attainment of shorter-term economic gains for their own members , although broader [thoughts] of social justice and ‘ movement ’ are by no means absent .

This early development can often be related to the competitive dimensions ( ease of entry and relatively low degree of concentration ) within the product market , together with labour market considerations .
this early development can often be related to the competitive dimensions ( ease of entry and relatively low degree of concentration ) within the product market , together with labour market [thoughts] .

Similar considerations were also applicable in some continental European countries .
similar [thoughts] were also applicable in some continental european countries .

None the less , during the period immediately following the schism , both domestic politics and considerations of foreign policy proved an encouragement to religious change and theological experimentation in England .
none the less , during the period immediately following the schism , both domestic politics and [thoughts] of foreign policy proved an encouragement to religious change and theological experimentation in england .

While the English army remained preoccupied during the early 1650s with these military campaigns against the Irish and Scots , the Rump of the Long Parliament was able to pursue a foreign policy motivated primarily by commercial considerations , leading England into a naval war with her principal trading rival , Protestant Holland .
while the english army remained preoccupied during the early 1650s with these military campaigns against the irish and scots , the rump of the long parliament was able to pursue a foreign policy motivated primarily by commercial [thoughts] , leading england into a naval war with her principal trading rival , protestant holland .

Following the appointment of Oliver Cromwell as Lord Protector in 1653 , religious considerations once more came to the fore , although whether they ever took precedence over the more secular impulses behind foreign policy is doubtful .
following the appointment of oliver cromwell as lord protector in 1653 , religious [thoughts] once more came to the fore , although whether they ever took precedence over the more secular impulses behind foreign policy is doubtful .

The capitalists hated the idea of the abolition of private property , but they liked to do deals ; the Communist state , by virtue of its total control of an individual economy , was in a position to do business unhindered by ethical or trade union considerations .
the capitalists hated the idea of the abolition of private property , but they liked to do deals ; the communist state , by virtue of its total control of an individual economy , was in a position to do business unhindered by ethical or trade union [thoughts] .

All these considerations persuaded my Group to follow Kingman , and to argue forcibly , in a passage we underlined , that although children should speak Standard English , we ‘ do not , however , see it as the school 's place to enforce the accent known as Received Pronunciation , .
all these [thoughts] persuaded my group to follow kingman , and to argue forcibly , in a passage we underlined , that although children should speak standard english , we ‘ do not , however , see it as the school 's place to enforce the accent known as received pronunciation , .

Our concern in this chapter is , therefore , to highlight a number of considerations which a local church should bear in mind in pondering its evangelistic effectiveness and over-hauling its strategy .
our concern in this chapter is , therefore , to highlight a number of [thoughts] which a local church should bear in mind in pondering its evangelistic effectiveness and over-hauling its strategy .

In the case of William Black , the political considerations would have been no less difficult to ignore .
in the case of william black , the political [thoughts] would have been no less difficult to ignore .

It summed up its findings thus : ‘ It is extremely difficult , often impossible to determine what considerations lie behind the framing of any particular set of charges .
it summed up its findings thus : ‘ it is extremely difficult , often impossible to determine what [thoughts] lie behind the framing of any particular set of charges .

The last apprehension may have been as much influenced by professional considerations as patriotic ones .
the last apprehension may have been as much influenced by professional [thoughts] as patriotic ones .

The choice for the acrylic artist is wide , with personal preference for natural or synthetic brushes , appropriateness for type of application and cost all being considerations .
the choice for the acrylic artist is wide , with personal preference for natural or synthetic brushes , appropriateness for type of application and cost all being [thoughts] .

Outside the charmed circle of high politics , radicalism on the far left developed utopian socialist blueprints which neglected pragmatic considerations of how they were to be achieved .
outside the charmed circle of high politics , radicalism on the far left developed utopian socialist blueprints which neglected pragmatic [thoughts] of how they were to be achieved .

Baldwin 's rise to power as the Conservative leader and prime minister in 1923 and 1924 — 9 was ruled by two considerations : first , the need to tame the Labour party and to force it to accept the conventions of parliamentary politics ; and second , to ensure that Lloyd George be kept out of office at all costs .
baldwin 's rise to power as the conservative leader and prime minister in 1923 and 1924 — 9 was ruled by two [thoughts] : first , the need to tame the labour party and to force it to accept the conventions of parliamentary politics ; and second , to ensure that lloyd george be kept out of office at all costs .

However , although new members flocked to the movement others resigned in protest against what was seen as the placing of fascist loyalties above patriotic considerations .
however , although new members flocked to the movement others resigned in protest against what was seen as the placing of fascist loyalties above patriotic [thoughts] .

Such considerations as the following are widely thought to favour preference over the older hedonistic utilitarianism .
such [thoughts] as the following are widely thought to favour preference over the older hedonistic utilitarianism .

( 3 ) What is it for someone to act with a view to his moral obligations ? What is it to act on the basis of moral , as opposed to non-moral , considerations ?
( 3 ) what is it for someone to act with a view to his moral obligations ? what is it to act on the basis of moral , as opposed to non-moral , [thoughts] ?

Geographical location , family considerations , educational aspirations — all these factors can affect a parent 's decision to commit their child to one scheme or another .
geographical location , family [thoughts] , educational aspirations — all these factors can affect a parent 's decision to commit their child to one scheme or another .

There are some practical considerations that must be faced in terms of support for visually handicapped pupils who are being educated in resource situations .
there are some practical [thoughts] that must be faced in terms of support for visually handicapped pupils who are being educated in resource situations .

These considerations can be a factor in deciding whether to provide an individually based integrated situation which gives the visually handicapped pupil the chance to go to school with neighbourhood children .
these [thoughts] can be a factor in deciding whether to provide an individually based integrated situation which gives the visually handicapped pupil the chance to go to school with neighbourhood children .

The way in which each child adapts to defective vision will be individual , and there are considerations both in the causes of defective sight and the effects of these on the way that children can use their vision .
the way in which each child adapts to defective vision will be individual , and there are [thoughts] both in the causes of defective sight and the effects of these on the way that children can use their vision .

He explains male Yanomamo violence as individual competition motivated less by considerations of material well-being than by ‘ reproductive striving ’ ( 1983 : 86 ) , i.e .
he explains male yanomamo violence as individual competition motivated less by [thoughts] of material well-being than by ‘ reproductive striving ’ ( 1983 : 86 ) , i.e .

In the months following his elevation , three considerations pushed Franco towards drastically altering this situation .
in the months following his elevation , three [thoughts] pushed franco towards drastically altering this situation .

Most writers agree that once the Civil War was under way , its outcome depended upon the manner in which , on the two sides , foreign aid and influence related to internal political and military considerations .
most writers agree that once the civil war was under way , its outcome depended upon the manner in which , on the two sides , foreign aid and influence related to internal political and military [thoughts] .

market research and aesthetic considerations
market research and aesthetic [thoughts]

Rights of way may be extinguished like any other easement , by negotiation and formal deed between the respective parties , probably in exchange for monetary considerations .
rights of way may be extinguished like any other easement , by negotiation and formal deed between the respective parties , probably in exchange for monetary [thoughts] .

The appraisal of the actual site , including aesthetic considerations , has already been discussed .
the appraisal of the actual site , including aesthetic [thoughts] , has already been discussed .

Influenced by considerations such as these , successive leaderships had attempted since almost the beginning of the war to extricate their forces from the conflict .
influenced by [thoughts] such as these , successive leaderships had attempted since almost the beginning of the war to extricate their forces from the conflict .

Further complications are created by the fact that secret explicit collusion may be observationally equivalent to tacit collusion given surveillance methods constrained by considerations of ‘ liberty and justice ’ .
further complications are created by the fact that secret explicit collusion may be observationally equivalent to tacit collusion given surveillance methods constrained by [thoughts] of ‘ liberty and justice ’ .

Moreover , agency considerations may conflict with strategic considerations .
moreover , agency [thoughts] may conflict with strategic [thoughts] .

The Mazda text illustrates that , quite apart from any considerations of grammaticality , it is necessary to take account of thematic structure and to maintain a coherent point of view in any act of communication .
the mazda text illustrates that , quite apart from any [thoughts] of grammaticality , it is necessary to take account of thematic structure and to maintain a coherent point of view in any act of communication .

In practice , syntactic and semantic considerations often override or interact with communicative considerations to produce structures that do not follow the arrangement of the source text .
in practice , syntactic and semantic [thoughts] often override or interact with communicative [thoughts] to produce structures that do not follow the arrangement of the source text .

Account may have to be taken not only of possible syntactic constraints at the level of clause structure , but also of much wider semantic , discourse and ultimately pragmatic considerations .
account may have to be taken not only of possible syntactic constraints at the level of clause structure , but also of much wider semantic , discourse and ultimately pragmatic [thoughts] .

Some of these cost reduction and efficiency considerations have prompted changes in maritime and customs documentation practices , including the trimming of the traditional functions of the ocean bill .
some of these cost reduction and efficiency [thoughts] have prompted changes in maritime and customs documentation practices , including the trimming of the traditional functions of the ocean bill .

Ministers may claim that the final decision was influenced by some other considerations than the objections of MPs .
ministers may claim that the final decision was influenced by some other [thoughts] than the objections of mps .

The Treasury never likes to get involved in considerations of which aspects of departmental policy are more or less desirable , as the only result would be to commit the Treasury to the financial consequences .
the treasury never likes to get involved in [thoughts] of which aspects of departmental policy are more or less desirable , as the only result would be to commit the treasury to the financial consequences .

Housing today is a commodity bought and sold primarily on profit considerations .
housing today is a commodity bought and sold primarily on profit [thoughts] .

Market considerations would , therefore , dictate that among the owner occupiers , the upper socio-economic groups would not only be more likely to occupy detached housing than the lower socio-economic groups but that this disparity would be even wider than the one existing on simple tenure criteria .
market [thoughts] would , therefore , dictate that among the owner occupiers , the upper socio-economic groups would not only be more likely to occupy detached housing than the lower socio-economic groups but that this disparity would be even wider than the one existing on simple tenure criteria .

Government aid is necessary to counter market forces which operate in favour of the affluent regions where maximum profits can be made quickly , irrespective of long-term national considerations .
government aid is necessary to counter market forces which operate in favour of the affluent regions where maximum profits can be made quickly , irrespective of long-term national [thoughts] .

The anti-regionalists have no real answer to this apart from arguing that governments must put the long-term economic interests of the country above short-term expedient considerations .
the anti-regionalists have no real answer to this apart from arguing that governments must put the long-term economic interests of the country above short-term expedient [thoughts] .

This was clearly understood by both Keynes and Beveridge and it was one of the main considerations for the reorganisation of the social security system at the end of the last war .
this was clearly understood by both keynes and beveridge and it was one of the main [thoughts] for the reorganisation of the social security system at the end of the last war .

’ But that is all we are told and the relative weight given to the many relevant considerations , both favourable and unfavourable , is not disclosed .
’ but that is all we are told and the relative weight given to the many relevant [thoughts] , both favourable and unfavourable , is not disclosed .

The terms of reference frequently require the court to have regard to the public interest or the national interest or the national economy or considerations like ‘ the need for an efficient and competitive ’ industry .
the terms of reference frequently require the court to have regard to the public interest or the national interest or the national economy or [thoughts] like ‘ the need for an efficient and competitive ’ industry .

Financial considerations can never be the deciding factor in sentencing .
financial [thoughts] can never be the deciding factor in sentencing .

Lord Ackner inveighed against ‘ political considerations , political dogma and doctrine which are about to do untold harm to the future quality of the administration of justice .
lord ackner inveighed against ‘ political [thoughts] , political dogma and doctrine which are about to do untold harm to the future quality of the administration of justice .

… We are being invited to apply considerations of political rather than public policy .
… we are being invited to apply [thoughts] of political rather than public policy .

Early holiday camps had been influenced by welfare considerations , educational ideals , political dreams of the collective subject , and the Social Darwinist spirit applied to the outdoor life .
early holiday camps had been influenced by welfare [thoughts] , educational ideals , political dreams of the collective subject , and the social darwinist spirit applied to the outdoor life .

By far the most frequently cited reasons , however , relate to housing considerations ( Johnson , Salt and Wood , 1974 ) .
by far the most frequently cited reasons , however , relate to housing [thoughts] ( johnson , salt and wood , 1974 ) .

On the contrary , the main alterations were driven by political considerations .
on the contrary , the main alterations were driven by political [thoughts] .

Some work of the former kind altogether avoids social considerations , and passes out of our present context .
some work of the former kind altogether avoids social [thoughts] , and passes out of our present context .

It is virtually impossible to estimate the proportion of such relations , within books as a whole , since some and perhaps much commissioning is still , in cultural terms , governed by considerations of what authors would in any case have wished to write .
it is virtually impossible to estimate the proportion of such relations , within books as a whole , since some and perhaps much commissioning is still , in cultural terms , governed by [thoughts] of what authors would in any case have wished to write .

To the considerations already adduced — modes of internal and of external relations — we can add a distinction , evident between the Pre-Raphaelites on the one hand and both the Godwinians and Bloomsbury on the other , between relatively simple and relatively complex formations , in terms of the area — the actual grouping of practices — which the formation represents .
to the [thoughts] already adduced — modes of internal and of external relations — we can add a distinction , evident between the pre-raphaelites on the one hand and both the godwinians and bloomsbury on the other , between relatively simple and relatively complex formations , in terms of the area — the actual grouping of practices — which the formation represents .

Certain sociological facts and considerations are rather hastily admitted , usually in a received and well-worn form , and some minor place is reserved for them .
certain sociological facts and [thoughts] are rather hastily admitted , usually in a received and well-worn form , and some minor place is reserved for them .

It was strange that a man of considerable intellect could give so much attention and attribute such importance to a press which was wholly influenced at all times by political considerations .
it was strange that a man of considerable intellect could give so much attention and attribute such importance to a press which was wholly influenced at all times by political [thoughts] .

When the young worker 's social world was bounded by his village such considerations did not matter .
when the young worker 's social world was bounded by his village such [thoughts] did not matter .

In the light of these considerations it is perhaps not surprising that new social divisions and conflicts have arisen in the English village in recent years , nor that the local population has preferred to turn in upon itself in the face of these changes .
in the light of these [thoughts] it is perhaps not surprising that new social divisions and conflicts have arisen in the english village in recent years , nor that the local population has preferred to turn in upon itself in the face of these changes .

In North Wales , for example , where the factors already described in this chapter are overlaid by considerations of cultural nationalism , militant action against second home owners has ensued .
in north wales , for example , where the factors already described in this chapter are overlaid by [thoughts] of cultural nationalism , militant action against second home owners has ensued .

These considerations were to bear heavily upon the drive after the war to improve the housing of rural workers by , for the first time , explicitly introducing the criterion of housing need rather than an ability to pay the rent .
these [thoughts] were to bear heavily upon the drive after the war to improve the housing of rural workers by , for the first time , explicitly introducing the criterion of housing need rather than an ability to pay the rent .

However , owing to , mainly , external considerations this policy aggravated social divisions within the group .
however , owing to , mainly , external [thoughts] this policy aggravated social divisions within the group .

And in some cases there is support for more elaborate reforms to ensure that social welfare considerations are given appropriate weight in decision making and are not left merely to managerial discretion .
and in some cases there is support for more elaborate reforms to ensure that social welfare [thoughts] are given appropriate weight in decision making and are not left merely to managerial discretion .

These positions have it in common that they express a view about how company law should regulate corporate power in the public interest : by introducing social welfare considerations as explicit decision-making criteria , or by excluding them and relying instead on the benign effects of the invisible hand , guided where necessary by external legal controls .
these positions have it in common that they express a view about how company law should regulate corporate power in the public interest : by introducing social welfare [thoughts] as explicit decision-making criteria , or by excluding them and relying instead on the benign effects of the invisible hand , guided where necessary by external legal controls .

Secondly , it will be examined why , granted the profit maximisation objective , the profits should accrue to the shareholders , as opposed , for example , to the employees : if considerations of efficiency underscore the shareholders ' current position of preeminence , then this may be thought to provide a justificatory foundation for shareholder rights within a public interest framework .
secondly , it will be examined why , granted the profit maximisation objective , the profits should accrue to the shareholders , as opposed , for example , to the employees : if [thoughts] of efficiency underscore the shareholders ' current position of preeminence , then this may be thought to provide a justificatory foundation for shareholder rights within a public interest framework .

The point is not that companies are ideal mechanisms for making decisions which have important social effects ( in the sense that we would choose them for this purpose other considerations being equal ) .
the point is not that companies are ideal mechanisms for making decisions which have important social effects ( in the sense that we would choose them for this purpose other [thoughts] being equal ) .

The same considerations dictate against the use of either of these as storage addresses .
the same [thoughts] dictate against the use of either of these as storage addresses .

6.7 Practical considerations in setting up direct files
6.7 practical [thoughts] in setting up direct files

As most of the considerations discussed below do not depend on whether indexing is full or partial , the reader should assume from now on that partial indexing is being discussed .
as most of the [thoughts] discussed below do not depend on whether indexing is full or partial , the reader should assume from now on that partial indexing is being discussed .

Comment on these comparisons These findings are generally in accord with the considerations on the two types of balanced tree discussed earlier .
comment on these comparisons these findings are generally in accord with the [thoughts] on the two types of balanced tree discussed earlier .

However , the considerations given earlier on overflow area size and the need to allow for a relatively long period between reorganizations will guide the designer to a reasonable compromise .
however , the [thoughts] given earlier on overflow area size and the need to allow for a relatively long period between reorganizations will guide the designer to a reasonable compromise .

Apart from the points discussed above , which are due to the structure of the file , two more considerations will influence the space required by the file .
apart from the points discussed above , which are due to the structure of the file , two more [thoughts] will influence the space required by the file .

In some countries only one of the considerations mentioned above may operate , in others some , and in some , all .
in some countries only one of the [thoughts] mentioned above may operate , in others some , and in some , all .

In considering such arrangements , we can not stick at simple legal considerations ; we must move from questions of ‘ freedom from ’ to questions of ‘ ability to ’ .
in considering such arrangements , we can not stick at simple legal [thoughts] ; we must move from questions of ‘ freedom from ’ to questions of ‘ ability to ’ .

Finally , the House of Lords provides a forum removed from party ties and considerations , where the experienced and distinguished perform functions of assistance , advice , continuity and , when needed , a measure of restraint on the popularly-elected transient majority in the House of Commons .
finally , the house of lords provides a forum removed from party ties and [thoughts] , where the experienced and distinguished perform functions of assistance , advice , continuity and , when needed , a measure of restraint on the popularly-elected transient majority in the house of commons .

Some of these considerations apply to all other elements of the state system .
some of these [thoughts] apply to all other elements of the state system .

The first of the major considerations by the Council Fathers was given to the Liturgy and its music , as well as sacred art .
the first of the major [thoughts] by the council fathers was given to the liturgy and its music , as well as sacred art .

Financial Considerations
financial [thoughts]

In addition to other considerations , there is again an ecumenical one , for psalmody is common to all the churches and is acceptable in those few churches where hymns are not .
in addition to other [thoughts] , there is again an ecumenical one , for psalmody is common to all the churches and is acceptable in those few churches where hymns are not .

The latter considerations apply to the majority of the Church 's amateur directors of music .
the latter [thoughts] apply to the majority of the church 's amateur directors of music .

The liberal humanist tradition is unwilling to admit that its own choices are political ; that Leavis 's intense dislike , for example , of Shelley , was based as much upon political considerations as aesthetic ones .
the liberal humanist tradition is unwilling to admit that its own choices are political ; that leavis 's intense dislike , for example , of shelley , was based as much upon political [thoughts] as aesthetic ones .

While this reform is specifically designed to prevent many of today 's disgruntled education consumers joining the ranks of tomorrow 's underclass , it will of course have implications for a much wider group of young people , whose talents and needs have been all too little met by the emphasis on the reorganization of secondary education to the exclusion of all other considerations .
while this reform is specifically designed to prevent many of today 's disgruntled education consumers joining the ranks of tomorrow 's underclass , it will of course have implications for a much wider group of young people , whose talents and needs have been all too little met by the emphasis on the reorganization of secondary education to the exclusion of all other [thoughts] .

Over and above general considerations about the desirability of taking history seriously , there is a particular reason why an historical , or at least a diachronic , perspective is appropriate in the present case .
over and above general [thoughts] about the desirability of taking history seriously , there is a particular reason why an historical , or at least a diachronic , perspective is appropriate in the present case .

Secondly if the first question is answered affirmatively , it is necessary to consider whether there are any considerations which ought to negative , or to reduce or limit the scope of duty or the class of person to whom it is owed or the damages to which a breach of it may give rise .
secondly if the first question is answered affirmatively , it is necessary to consider whether there are any [thoughts] which ought to negative , or to reduce or limit the scope of duty or the class of person to whom it is owed or the damages to which a breach of it may give rise .

Financial considerations
financial [thoughts]

There are many different financial considerations which may affect the decision as to which form of business enterprise to undertake .
there are many different financial [thoughts] which may affect the decision as to which form of business enterprise to undertake .

Appadurai ( 1986 ) provides a survey of some of the relevant literature , pointing out that in some respects commodities are not necessarily as divorced from wider cultural considerations as is often supposed .
appadurai ( 1986 ) provides a survey of some of the relevant literature , pointing out that in some respects commodities are not necessarily as divorced from wider cultural [thoughts] as is often supposed .

The older tradition of semiotic anthropology , in which objects were said to represent fixed denotations for a given society , based only on synchronic structure and with little consideration of when and where the interpretation was taking place , seems to be invalidated by these further considerations .
the older tradition of semiotic anthropology , in which objects were said to represent fixed denotations for a given society , based only on synchronic structure and with little consideration of when and where the interpretation was taking place , seems to be invalidated by these further [thoughts] .

In all these cases regional incentives might be important , but only in the context of a need to reduce costs and an ability to move , rather than as the initial motivation , and as part of a bundle of considerations rather than as a separable ‘ factor ’ .
in all these cases regional incentives might be important , but only in the context of a need to reduce costs and an ability to move , rather than as the initial motivation , and as part of a bundle of [thoughts] rather than as a separable ‘ factor ’ .

Essentially , this debate concerns those projects which are undertaken by other than the trading organizations within the public sector and which involve broader considerations than simply , for example , the replacement of worn out equipment .
essentially , this debate concerns those projects which are undertaken by other than the trading organizations within the public sector and which involve broader [thoughts] than simply , for example , the replacement of worn out equipment .

Similar considerations would also be required when attempting to consider the competing demands for investment between government departments , such as between state education and the National Health Service or between public sector housing and defence .
similar [thoughts] would also be required when attempting to consider the competing demands for investment between government departments , such as between state education and the national health service or between public sector housing and defence .

Consideration of that impact — more attention to issues of insight and inspiration , communication and commitment — can help to humanize considerations of strategic management while restoring to leadership study itself some of the flavour that Selznick ( 1957 ) sought ( largely in vain ) to instil 30 years ago .
consideration of that impact — more attention to issues of insight and inspiration , communication and commitment — can help to humanize [thoughts] of strategic management while restoring to leadership study itself some of the flavour that selznick ( 1957 ) sought ( largely in vain ) to instil 30 years ago .

It is believed that many dischargers , particularly industrialists , have such control over their manufacturing and treatment processes that they are able to alter the quality and quantity of their effluents virtually at will , as economic considerations dictate .
it is believed that many dischargers , particularly industrialists , have such control over their manufacturing and treatment processes that they are able to alter the quality and quantity of their effluents virtually at will , as economic [thoughts] dictate .

Here and there they pick up and make use of the old common balks in the former open fields , which must have been the usual way of proceeding from one village to another in open-field country , but for the most part they are drawn straight across the old furlongs and strips regardless of all considerations but that of directness .
here and there they pick up and make use of the old common balks in the former open fields , which must have been the usual way of proceeding from one village to another in open-field country , but for the most part they are drawn straight across the old furlongs and strips regardless of all [thoughts] but that of directness .

Against these considerations , there have to be weighed the practical and constitutional matters urged by the Attorney-General many of which have been relied on in the past in the courts in upholding the exclusionary rule .
against these [thoughts] , there have to be weighed the practical and constitutional matters urged by the attorney-general many of which have been relied on in the past in the courts in upholding the exclusionary rule .

Finally on this aspect of the case , the Attorney-General relied on considerations of comity : the relaxation of the rule would have a direct effect on the rights and privileges of Parliament .
finally on this aspect of the case , the attorney-general relied on [thoughts] of comity : the relaxation of the rule would have a direct effect on the rights and privileges of parliament .

With this arrangement it is possible ( and desirable ) to keep the manufacturing details and the technical considerations together in the same file .
with this arrangement it is possible ( and desirable ) to keep the manufacturing details and the technical [thoughts] together in the same file .

The only component of the electric field is in the z direction ( the others must be zero by symmetry considerations ) .
the only component of the electric field is in the z direction ( the others must be zero by symmetry [thoughts] ) .

Because there were very serious considerations ahead .
because there were very serious [thoughts] ahead .

Despite all these considerations , Tito 's intransigence left Alexander with no option — as Harold Macmillan , present at the conference , later put it in his diary — but to give " instruction to the planners for a full appreciation of the forces required to throw out the Yugoslavs " , while referring the matter to " his two Governments " .
despite all these [thoughts] , tito 's intransigence left alexander with no option — as harold macmillan , present at the conference , later put it in his diary — but to give " instruction to the planners for a full appreciation of the forces required to throw out the yugoslavs " , while referring the matter to " his two governments " .

The choice between these two approaches will be governed by practical considerations such as the layout of the building .
the choice between these two approaches will be governed by practical [thoughts] such as the layout of the building .

These two considerations are closely connected .
these two [thoughts] are closely connected .

2 . Does anything else need to be added to diagrams ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ? What considerations influence your decisions ?
2 . does anything else need to be added to diagrams ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ? what [thoughts] influence your decisions ?

Uneven demographic distribution , diplomatic and military considerations , the location of major industries , commercial relations , cultural influences and the centralization of political and administrative power in either St Petersburg or Moscow ( ancient and modern ) have all helped to ensure that cis-Uralian Russia has enjoyed a near-monopoly of European and North American scholarship in this field .
uneven demographic distribution , diplomatic and military [thoughts] , the location of major industries , commercial relations , cultural influences and the centralization of political and administrative power in either st petersburg or moscow ( ancient and modern ) have all helped to ensure that cis-uralian russia has enjoyed a near-monopoly of european and north american scholarship in this field .

Quite often submission to the Russians was a calculated act based on one or more of several considerations .
quite often submission to the russians was a calculated act based on one or more of several [thoughts] .

Choosing fish for the aquarium should be a pleasurable experience but needs to be carefully considered . Several factors influence our choice of subjects and we must look beyond the primary considerations of what catches the eye and how much will it cost ?
choosing fish for the aquarium should be a pleasurable experience but needs to be carefully considered . several factors influence our choice of subjects and we must look beyond the primary [thoughts] of what catches the eye and how much will it cost ?

Or are the two considerations quite distinct ?
or are the two [thoughts] quite distinct ?

Given these considerations , there has not been a managerial revolution .
given these [thoughts] , there has not been a managerial revolution .

However these considerations are not part of the remit of the panel .
however these [thoughts] are not part of the remit of the panel .

Some arguments against Copernicus based on astronomical considerations have been mentioned earlier in this book .
some arguments against copernicus based on astronomical [thoughts] have been mentioned earlier in this book .

So , because of the silver mines which it controlled , Thasos was — considerations of league discipline apart — too important to be allowed to slip the leash ( 465 ) .
so , because of the silver mines which it controlled , thasos was — [thoughts] of league discipline apart — too important to be allowed to slip the leash ( 465 ) .

Although the factors outlined above have probably been the most important considerations in the growth of rural manufacturing , an additional reason can be found in the role of the state .
although the factors outlined above have probably been the most important [thoughts] in the growth of rural manufacturing , an additional reason can be found in the role of the state .

The consistently low wages paid to farm workers have been explained by five main considerations .
the consistently low wages paid to farm workers have been explained by five main [thoughts] .

In the light of these considerations their Lordships can not help viewing a statutory provision which criminalises statements likely to undermine public confidence in the conduct of public affairs with the utmost suspicion .
in the light of these [thoughts] their lordships can not help viewing a statutory provision which criminalises statements likely to undermine public confidence in the conduct of public affairs with the utmost suspicion .

It is hard to see why these considerations should have changed under mass culture .
it is hard to see why these [thoughts] should have changed under mass culture .

Economies of scale are seen as operating at plant level and it is therefore argued that the growth of the multi-plant enterprise reflects narrowly financial considerations rather than any ‘ progressive development of the productive forces ’ .
economies of scale are seen as operating at plant level and it is therefore argued that the growth of the multi-plant enterprise reflects narrowly financial [thoughts] rather than any ‘ progressive development of the productive forces ’ .

Considerations of space , you know , and the advertising ratio … ’ In fact , he would have elbowed the ‘ Jottings ’ long ago had not the Chairman of his Board reminded him that Nye Bevan had once found them ‘ bloody civilized ’ .
[thoughts] of space , you know , and the advertising ratio … ’ in fact , he would have elbowed the ‘ jottings ’ long ago had not the chairman of his board reminded him that nye bevan had once found them ‘ bloody civilized ’ .

Fitzgerald and Sim call this a crisis of ‘ authority ’ , for they see staff unrest as not primarily caused by material economic considerations .
fitzgerald and sim call this a crisis of ‘ authority ’ , for they see staff unrest as not primarily caused by material economic [thoughts] .

This in turn means that , while general deterrence might well form the basis of a plausible general justification for having a system of punishment , it is more difficult to argue that the amount of punishment imposed by our system is justifiable by deterrent considerations .
this in turn means that , while general deterrence might well form the basis of a plausible general justification for having a system of punishment , it is more difficult to argue that the amount of punishment imposed by our system is justifiable by deterrent [thoughts] .

Justice Model writers were also mostly sceptical of the effectiveness of deterrence and even more so of the validity of deriving a just tariff from deterrent considerations ( as Beccaria and Bentham claimed to do ) .
justice model writers were also mostly sceptical of the effectiveness of deterrence and even more so of the validity of deriving a just tariff from deterrent [thoughts] ( as beccaria and bentham claimed to do ) .

The operative principle should therefore be one of a ‘ retributive maximum , as advocated by Norval Morris ( 1974 : 75 ) : while an individual offender may be punished up to the level indicated by the tariff , there is no obligation to do so if other valid considerations indicate that a more lenient course will be more constructive or humane .
the operative principle should therefore be one of a ‘ retributive maximum , as advocated by norval morris ( 1974 : 75 ) : while an individual offender may be punished up to the level indicated by the tariff , there is no obligation to do so if other valid [thoughts] indicate that a more lenient course will be more constructive or humane .

For example it seems very likely that pragmatic considerations including economic ones have played their part in the expansion of the parole system ( see Chapter 6 ) .
for example it seems very likely that pragmatic [thoughts] including economic ones have played their part in the expansion of the parole system ( see chapter 6 ) .

Economic considerations are mediated through the minds of human beings who live in a social world , which means that the impact of economics is crucially conditioned by ideology — a notion which has been explored and expanded by the Marxist theorists to whom we now turn .
economic [thoughts] are mediated through the minds of human beings who live in a social world , which means that the impact of economics is crucially conditioned by ideology — a notion which has been explored and expanded by the marxist theorists to whom we now turn .

If a writer produces a novel in which the role of the police in society outweighs all other considerations , then what has been produced is precisely a novel and not a work of crime fiction .
if a writer produces a novel in which the role of the police in society outweighs all other [thoughts] , then what has been produced is precisely a novel and not a work of crime fiction .

Such considerations are the life blood of the police procedural .
such [thoughts] are the life blood of the police procedural .

As are considerations that go a step beyond them , such as a policeman 's attitude to his wife and family ( he is stopped from going off duty at the time his wife expects : what will be her reaction ? )
as are [thoughts] that go a step beyond them , such as a policeman 's attitude to his wife and family ( he is stopped from going off duty at the time his wife expects : what will be her reaction ? )

’ Similar considerations apply to an extraordinary high wind and an extraordinary high tide .
’ similar [thoughts] apply to an extraordinary high wind and an extraordinary high tide .

This chapter , together with chapter 9 , on employment services , has to give particular attention to the issues , seldom far away in any discussion of social policy , of the impact of economic policy , and of the relevance of economic and commercial considerations .
this chapter , together with chapter 9 , on employment services , has to give particular attention to the issues , seldom far away in any discussion of social policy , of the impact of economic policy , and of the relevance of economic and commercial [thoughts] .

It has been suggested , then , that , while certain policy areas , subject to a few difficult boundary problems , are defined as social policy , any proper understanding of the forces that determine outcomes in these areas must rest upon considerations of other policies not social policy conventionally considered .
it has been suggested , then , that , while certain policy areas , subject to a few difficult boundary problems , are defined as social policy , any proper understanding of the forces that determine outcomes in these areas must rest upon [thoughts] of other policies not social policy conventionally considered .

Hence the relationship between members of the Congress and their local electorate is much less affected by national party considerations .
hence the relationship between members of the congress and their local electorate is much less affected by national party [thoughts] .

Policy-making outcomes may be determined by the interaction of three forces : political input ( ideological politics ) , organizational considerations within departments ( administrative politics ) and external pressures ( bargaining politics ) .
policy-making outcomes may be determined by the interaction of three forces : political input ( ideological politics ) , organizational [thoughts] within departments ( administrative politics ) and external pressures ( bargaining politics ) .

Some decision-making processes are influenced more by some factors than by others ; thus it is probably appropriate to stress the importance of political input in British central government , of organizational considerations in British local government and of bargaining with external forces in American government .
some decision-making processes are influenced more by some factors than by others ; thus it is probably appropriate to stress the importance of political input in british central government , of organizational [thoughts] in british local government and of bargaining with external forces in american government .

Beyond these generalizations , the more detailed study of the factors influencing the way that policy is made needs to take various considerations into account .
beyond these generalizations , the more detailed study of the factors influencing the way that policy is made needs to take various [thoughts] into account .

More common , even in a wide range of situations in which subordinate staff are primarily motivated by ‘ utilitarian ’ rather than ‘ normative ’ considerations , is some concern about the justification for the policy that is to be implemented .
more common , even in a wide range of situations in which subordinate staff are primarily motivated by ‘ utilitarian ’ rather than ‘ normative ’ [thoughts] , is some concern about the justification for the policy that is to be implemented .

This means that policy implementation may require bargaining and dealing between agencies , and that therefore considerations may be brought into the inter-policy relationship that are very much wider than the ones that appear to be at stake .
this means that policy implementation may require bargaining and dealing between agencies , and that therefore [thoughts] may be brought into the inter-policy relationship that are very much wider than the ones that appear to be at stake .

Practical considerations , such as the difficulty of finding enough foster placements and adequate staff for children 's homes , also lent weight to arguments in favour of preventing children from coming into care .
practical [thoughts] , such as the difficulty of finding enough foster placements and adequate staff for children 's homes , also lent weight to arguments in favour of preventing children from coming into care .

Perhaps the most important advance is the recognition of the need to place the child 's interests and welfare above any other considerations — although this may prove simpler in the abstract than it is in practice .
perhaps the most important advance is the recognition of the need to place the child 's interests and welfare above any other [thoughts] — although this may prove simpler in the abstract than it is in practice .

This depends on several considerations .
this depends on several [thoughts] .

Editor , — No other part of the body has aroused so much passion and misconception as the foreskin , mainly because both surgical and personal considerations are concerned .
editor , — no other part of the body has aroused so much passion and misconception as the foreskin , mainly because both surgical and personal [thoughts] are concerned .

‘ Are the lists inspired by literary considerations at all , or governed by something more sinister ? It is hard not to wonder when , in ignoring the best writing for children , they are denying the existence of the multicultural and non-sexist fiction which has reflected the changes in society over the last 20 years . ’
‘ are the lists inspired by literary [thoughts] at all , or governed by something more sinister ? it is hard not to wonder when , in ignoring the best writing for children , they are denying the existence of the multicultural and non-sexist fiction which has reflected the changes in society over the last 20 years . ’

Secondly , the workbook encourages the students to understand their patient as a complex person whose health and wellbeing depend on more than biomedical considerations .
secondly , the workbook encourages the students to understand their patient as a complex person whose health and wellbeing depend on more than biomedical [thoughts] .

They should continue to seek solutions for the needs of the servide that take into account equality in opportunity and education rather than just short term financial considerations .
they should continue to seek solutions for the needs of the servide that take into account equality in opportunity and education rather than just short term financial [thoughts] .

These considerations indicate that well designed studies of the clinical effectiveness of appropriate treatment with oxygen in the prevention of death of hypoxaemic infants and children in hospital are now required .
these [thoughts] indicate that well designed studies of the clinical effectiveness of appropriate treatment with oxygen in the prevention of death of hypoxaemic infants and children in hospital are now required .

In so far as some of these considerations relate specifically to the environment of the unit , they are worth mentioning here .
in so far as some of these [thoughts] relate specifically to the environment of the unit , they are worth mentioning here .

They are important ethical considerations .
they are important ethical [thoughts] .

There is no need , the reductivist might argue , to involve ourselves in any extra-linguistic considerations .
there is no need , the reductivist might argue , to involve ourselves in any extra-linguistic [thoughts] .

But the validity , or otherwise , of such inferences will depend upon considerations of certain matters of fact .
but the validity , or otherwise , of such inferences will depend upon [thoughts] of certain matters of fact .

Other considerations have led to the suggestion that introns could have been transferred horizontally between different species ( 13 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 ) .
other [thoughts] have led to the suggestion that introns could have been transferred horizontally between different species ( 13 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 ) .

Detailed type specifications , meticulous arrangement of tabular information and craftily co-ordinated use of colour help the reader to assimilate rapidly what data is to be found where : for this publication , these considerations are of paramount concern .
detailed type specifications , meticulous arrangement of tabular information and craftily co-ordinated use of colour help the reader to assimilate rapidly what data is to be found where : for this publication , these [thoughts] are of paramount concern .

Arguably , assessment of performance should not be mixed with educational supervision , though manpower considerations might necessitate such a dual role for the educational supervisor .
arguably , assessment of performance should not be mixed with educational supervision , though manpower [thoughts] might necessitate such a dual role for the educational supervisor .

However , two considerations make it advantageous also to convert the descriptions into a marking scale .
however , two [thoughts] make it advantageous also to convert the descriptions into a marking scale .

There is much to be gained from integrating the considerations of culture and civil society in his work with the autonomist understanding of production and reproduction at the basal level which , at least for me , provides such a clear and coherent account of the capitalist relations of production and of the implications of those relations for class action .
there is much to be gained from integrating the [thoughts] of culture and civil society in his work with the autonomist understanding of production and reproduction at the basal level which , at least for me , provides such a clear and coherent account of the capitalist relations of production and of the implications of those relations for class action .

Appeals are not retrials , but considerations of whether the trial judge erred in some way .
appeals are not retrials , but [thoughts] of whether the trial judge erred in some way .

But in the context of a consideration of judicial creativity , or perhaps lack of it , the selection of the judiciary and their ‘ politics ’ in the sense used by Professor Griffith seem to be marginal considerations .
but in the context of a consideration of judicial creativity , or perhaps lack of it , the selection of the judiciary and their ‘ politics ’ in the sense used by professor griffith seem to be marginal [thoughts] .

Commercial considerations should not alone determine the future supply of legal services and the profession should retain only those rules which are ‘ essential for the maintenance of professional standards in the public interest ’ .
commercial [thoughts] should not alone determine the future supply of legal services and the profession should retain only those rules which are ‘ essential for the maintenance of professional standards in the public interest ’ .

Added to these considerations , there was doubtless pressure from the French king , aware that the pope would not be allowed to levy taxes in England without their major part being assigned to the king .
added to these [thoughts] , there was doubtless pressure from the french king , aware that the pope would not be allowed to levy taxes in england without their major part being assigned to the king .

Royal taxation usually had to be for the defence of the realm , but this was no longer interpreted with the narrow precision attempted by Winchelsey , and clerical objections and conditions more often turned upon other considerations : redress of grievances , exemption from lay burdens such as the ninth and purveyances , or simple impoverishment .
royal taxation usually had to be for the defence of the realm , but this was no longer interpreted with the narrow precision attempted by winchelsey , and clerical objections and conditions more often turned upon other [thoughts] : redress of grievances , exemption from lay burdens such as the ninth and purveyances , or simple impoverishment .

Kripke 's interpretation of the private language argument holds that a negative answer to the last question is a consequence of more general considerations about rules and objectivity .
kripke 's interpretation of the private language argument holds that a negative answer to the last question is a consequence of more general [thoughts] about rules and objectivity .

But there is an alternative interpretation , owed to Baker and Hacker , which sees the relationship between the rule-following considerations and the private language argument rather differently ( Baker and Hacker , 1984 ) .
but there is an alternative interpretation , owed to baker and hacker , which sees the relationship between the rule-following [thoughts] and the private language argument rather differently ( baker and hacker , 1984 ) .

On their account , the thrust of the rule-following considerations is that rule-following is a practice , a custom or a way of behaving .
on their account , the thrust of the rule-following [thoughts] is that rule-following is a practice , a custom or a way of behaving .

It seems , then , that the private language argument can live a life independent of Kripke 's interpretation of the rule-following considerations .
it seems , then , that the private language argument can live a life independent of kripke 's interpretation of the rule-following [thoughts] .

If the sentence-grammarian wishes to make claims about the ‘ acceptability ’ of a sentence in determining whether the strings produced by his grammar are correct sentences of the language , he is implicitly appealing to contextual considerations .
if the sentence-grammarian wishes to make claims about the ‘ acceptability ’ of a sentence in determining whether the strings produced by his grammar are correct sentences of the language , he is implicitly appealing to contextual [thoughts] .

Any analytic approach in linguistics which involves contextual considerations , necessarily belongs to that area of language study called pragmatics .
any analytic approach in linguistics which involves contextual [thoughts] , necessarily belongs to that area of language study called pragmatics .

This simple set of features which we have claimed are necessary for a discussion of topic are required , quite independently of topic considerations , in any form of discourse analysis .
this simple set of features which we have claimed are necessary for a discussion of topic are required , quite independently of topic [thoughts] , in any form of discourse analysis .

In our discussion of ‘ topic ’ , we have concentrated mainly on considerations of ‘ content ’ and neglected the influence of ‘ form ’ .
in our discussion of ‘ topic ’ , we have concentrated mainly on [thoughts] of ‘ content ’ and neglected the influence of ‘ form ’ .

It may be the case that , taking stylistic considerations more generally , the reader would wish to divide this text into separate paragraphs at points where there are no formal markers at all .
it may be the case that , taking stylistic [thoughts] more generally , the reader would wish to divide this text into separate paragraphs at points where there are no formal markers at all .

Other considerations
other [thoughts]

The need to use more than one medium , though , arises more usually from considerations of coverage , or from the nature of the campaign .
the need to use more than one medium , though , arises more usually from [thoughts] of coverage , or from the nature of the campaign .

Here , obviously , creative considerations are important , but in press , particularly , there may be considerable flexibility .
here , obviously , creative [thoughts] are important , but in press , particularly , there may be considerable flexibility .

( The case of a mentally incompetent child will present different considerations , although even there the child 's wishes , if known , must be a very material factor . )
( the case of a mentally incompetent child will present different [thoughts] , although even there the child 's wishes , if known , must be a very material factor . )

Clearly its exercise must be governed by practical considerations , and by a proper regard for the rights of others .
clearly its exercise must be governed by practical [thoughts] , and by a proper regard for the rights of others .

‘ In my judgment it does not require the constable making the request of the requirement to weigh up and balance competing considerations .
‘ in my judgment it does not require the constable making the request of the requirement to weigh up and balance competing [thoughts] .

Apart from other considerations , it is manifest that the words of section 6 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1978 are intended to be interpreted widely , hence the use of the words ‘ whatever the basis of his liability ’ and the emphasis added by the word ‘ otherwise ’ at the end of the enumerated causes of action .
apart from other [thoughts] , it is manifest that the words of section 6 ( 1 ) of the act of 1978 are intended to be interpreted widely , hence the use of the words ‘ whatever the basis of his liability ’ and the emphasis added by the word ‘ otherwise ’ at the end of the enumerated causes of action .

Thus Parliament clearly did not intend that a life sentence prisoner should have such rights in relation to the considerations of his release on licence .
thus parliament clearly did not intend that a life sentence prisoner should have such rights in relation to the [thoughts] of his release on licence .

Other considerations of a public character may be present in the mind of the Secretary of State which persuade him to take a different view from the judges .
other [thoughts] of a public character may be present in the mind of the secretary of state which persuade him to take a different view from the judges .

Similar considerations apply to the fiduciary duties of agents .
similar [thoughts] apply to the fiduciary duties of agents .

Applying those considerations to the present case , their Lordships are of the view that since the plaintiff was well aware that the defendants would be acting also for other vendors of comparable properties and in so doing would receive confidential information from those other vendors , the agency contract between the plaintiff and the defendants can not have included either ( a ) a term requiring the defendants to disclose such confidential information to the plaintiff or ( b ) a term precluding the defendants acting for rival vendors or ( c ) a term precluding the defendants from seeking to earn commission on the sale of the property of a rival vendor .
applying those [thoughts] to the present case , their lordships are of the view that since the plaintiff was well aware that the defendants would be acting also for other vendors of comparable properties and in so doing would receive confidential information from those other vendors , the agency contract between the plaintiff and the defendants can not have included either ( a ) a term requiring the defendants to disclose such confidential information to the plaintiff or ( b ) a term precluding the defendants acting for rival vendors or ( c ) a term precluding the defendants from seeking to earn commission on the sale of the property of a rival vendor .

The board in this sense will be moved by similar considerations to those which affect a court in deciding whether to grant an injunction ex parte .
the board in this sense will be moved by similar [thoughts] to those which affect a court in deciding whether to grant an injunction ex parte .

As the answers themselves acknowledge , the conduct of governments in their relations with each other may be affected by considerations of policy as well as by considerations of legal characterisation .
as the answers themselves acknowledge , the conduct of governments in their relations with each other may be affected by [thoughts] of policy as well as by [thoughts] of legal characterisation .

Different considerations would arise if it did , since it would be contrary to public policy for the court not to recognise as a qualified representative of the head of state of the foreign state the diplomatic representative recognised by Her Majesty 's Government .
different [thoughts] would arise if it did , since it would be contrary to public policy for the court not to recognise as a qualified representative of the head of state of the foreign state the diplomatic representative recognised by her majesty 's government .

By a notice of appeal dated 1 March 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , Mrs. Mary Steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 September 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .
by a notice of appeal dated 1 march 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , mrs. mary steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 september 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , mr. and mrs. hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the [thoughts] in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other [thoughts] which favoured rectification .

The issue of public interest immunity arises because , quite apart from the considerations underlying the implied undertaking , the particular class of documents here in question is clearly recognised on authority to be subject to such a claim .
the issue of public interest immunity arises because , quite apart from the [thoughts] underlying the implied undertaking , the particular class of documents here in question is clearly recognised on authority to be subject to such a claim .

Accordingly the judge should have limited considerations of welfare to the criteria for ‘ welfare ’ laid down by the Convention itself .
accordingly the judge should have limited [thoughts] of welfare to the criteria for ‘ welfare ’ laid down by the convention itself .

Mr. Wall argued that the exercise of the discretion which arises as a result of the finding of ‘ acquiescence ’ made by the Court of Appeal , is limited to considering the nature and quality of the acquiescence itself and would not entitle the court to take into account ‘ welfare ’ considerations relating specifically to the children unless the court were able to find that there had been established a grave risk that the return of the children would expose them to an intolerable situation under article 13 ( b ) .
mr. wall argued that the exercise of the discretion which arises as a result of the finding of ‘ acquiescence ’ made by the court of appeal , is limited to considering the nature and quality of the acquiescence itself and would not entitle the court to take into account ‘ welfare ’ [thoughts] relating specifically to the children unless the court were able to find that there had been established a grave risk that the return of the children would expose them to an intolerable situation under article 13 ( b ) .

Section 11 permits the revocation of an authorisation if , inter alia , it appears that any of the criteria specified in Schedule 3 is not or has not been fulfilled by the institution concerned . Schedule 3 lays down a very wide range of considerations , for example :
section 11 permits the revocation of an authorisation if , inter alia , it appears that any of the criteria specified in schedule 3 is not or has not been fulfilled by the institution concerned . schedule 3 lays down a very wide range of [thoughts] , for example :

Lastly , the Spanish Government argued that the possibility afforded by the Act of 1988 of exempting certain persons from the nationality condition to which reference was made in the last part of the national court 's question ( 2 ) in no way altered the foregoing considerations .
lastly , the spanish government argued that the possibility afforded by the act of 1988 of exempting certain persons from the nationality condition to which reference was made in the last part of the national court 's question ( 2 ) in no way altered the foregoing [thoughts] .

It follows from the whole of those considerations that every residence requirement is not necessarily contrary to article 52 , given that , by definition , the right of establishment entails continuous physical presence in the territory of the country of establishment such as to permit the effective and genuine pursuit of the economic activity in question .
it follows from the whole of those [thoughts] that every residence requirement is not necessarily contrary to article 52 , given that , by definition , the right of establishment entails continuous physical presence in the territory of the country of establishment such as to permit the effective and genuine pursuit of the economic activity in question .

Neither of these considerations applies to the present appeal .
neither of these [thoughts] applies to the present appeal .

In the present case the cause of action arises under statute and Mr. Thomas argues that different considerations apply .
in the present case the cause of action arises under statute and mr. thomas argues that different [thoughts] apply .

By section 1 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1989 Parliament has required a court exercising this jurisdiction to have regard to a number of considerations and by subsection ( 5 ) has directed the court to make no order , notwithstanding an agreement between the parties , unless it considers that doing so would be better for the child than making no order at all .
by section 1 ( 3 ) of the act of 1989 parliament has required a court exercising this jurisdiction to have regard to a number of [thoughts] and by subsection ( 5 ) has directed the court to make no order , notwithstanding an agreement between the parties , unless it considers that doing so would be better for the child than making no order at all .

Administrators , on the other hand , are entirely the creatures of statute and it is possible that different considerations apply to administrators than apply to administrative receivers on the question of unregistered companies .
administrators , on the other hand , are entirely the creatures of statute and it is possible that different [thoughts] apply to administrators than apply to administrative receivers on the question of unregistered companies .

Assuming that you have determined that the line is biased to starboard , and you therefore want to start near the starboard end of the line , there are still a number of considerations which you must take into account before you can put yourself in the right place as the gun is fired .
assuming that you have determined that the line is biased to starboard , and you therefore want to start near the starboard end of the line , there are still a number of [thoughts] which you must take into account before you can put yourself in the right place as the gun is fired .

The course starts with an introduction to gold deposition and environmental considerations ; it then teaches how to use a goldpan .
the course starts with an introduction to gold deposition and environmental [thoughts] ; it then teaches how to use a goldpan .

21 We know you would never consider smuggling a wild orchid into your home country , but which of these considerations would most tempt you to break your resolve ?
21 we know you would never consider smuggling a wild orchid into your home country , but which of these [thoughts] would most tempt you to break your resolve ?

But he would be at Hoggatt 's to solve a murder , and all other considerations would go down before that overriding task .
but he would be at hoggatt 's to solve a murder , and all other [thoughts] would go down before that overriding task .

Left of centre policies alternate with right of centre policies violently , rapidly , and on the basis of ideological considerations alone unrelated to the `` real `` needs of the situation .
left of centre policies alternate with right of centre policies violently , rapidly , and on the basis of ideological [thoughts] alone unrelated to the `` real `` needs of the situation .

The trouble is that governments are said to manage demand and work out the inflation-employment trade-off with party political electoral considerations uppermost in their minds .
the trouble is that governments are said to manage demand and work out the inflation-employment trade-off with party political electoral [thoughts] uppermost in their minds .

Moreover , the Conservatives won the election of 1979 with a specific commitment not to manage the economy on the basis of short-run considerations alone , and they won again in 1983 without creating a mini boom and with over 3 million unemployed which surely confounds a thesis which suggests that economic good times are the major route to electoral success .
moreover , the conservatives won the election of 1979 with a specific commitment not to manage the economy on the basis of short-run [thoughts] alone , and they won again in 1983 without creating a mini boom and with over 3 million unemployed which surely confounds a thesis which suggests that economic good times are the major route to electoral success .

One can not do that in any sense of fairness or justice to those who have , without any political considerations , given their working lives to the Scottish Bus Group and its subsidiaries .
one can not do that in any sense of fairness or justice to those who have , without any political [thoughts] , given their working lives to the scottish bus group and its subsidiaries .

In referral meetings attended by all the staff , an educational psychologist , and an education social worker , decisions on particular cases are taken according to a broad consensus which operated around two major and related considerations .
in referral meetings attended by all the staff , an educational psychologist , and an education social worker , decisions on particular cases are taken according to a broad consensus which operated around two major and related [thoughts] .

The profound neglect of psychological , social and political considerations renders such treatments shallow and incomplete .
the profound neglect of psychological , social and political [thoughts] renders such treatments shallow and incomplete .

Laura would have approved of their aims , which almost a century later , stood as a beacon for her own philosophy ; they were ‘ to protest against the introduction of any fashion in dress that either deforms the body , impedes movement or injures health … and to promote the adoption according to individual taste and convenience of a style of dress based upon considerations of health , comfort and beauty and to deprecate the constant changes of fashion that can not be recommended on any of these grounds .
laura would have approved of their aims , which almost a century later , stood as a beacon for her own philosophy ; they were ‘ to protest against the introduction of any fashion in dress that either deforms the body , impedes movement or injures health … and to promote the adoption according to individual taste and convenience of a style of dress based upon [thoughts] of health , comfort and beauty and to deprecate the constant changes of fashion that can not be recommended on any of these grounds .

This decision , to cease teacher training at the Polytechnic while allowing it to continue at West Glamorgan seems to have been based on political rather than educational considerations .
this decision , to cease teacher training at the polytechnic while allowing it to continue at west glamorgan seems to have been based on political rather than educational [thoughts] .

Natural selection takes no account of long-term considerations .
natural selection takes no account of long-term [thoughts] .

but rather painting divorced from all other considerations ' .
but rather painting divorced from all other [thoughts] ' .

Again , special considerations which might be pertinent during wartime should not affect the ambit of natural justice now .
again , special [thoughts] which might be pertinent during wartime should not affect the ambit of natural justice now .

The position of the minister , and the broad range of policy considerations that he must take into account , precludes this .
the position of the minister , and the broad range of policy [thoughts] that he must take into account , precludes this .

The catalogue of errors which can produce this effect is broad , encompassing taking account of irrelevant considerations , failing to take account of relevant considerations , acting for improper purposes , asking itself the wrong question , and acting in breach of natural justice .
the catalogue of errors which can produce this effect is broad , encompassing taking account of irrelevant [thoughts] , failing to take account of relevant [thoughts] , acting for improper purposes , asking itself the wrong question , and acting in breach of natural justice .

Misconstruction of the enabling statute so that the tribunal fails to deal with the question remitted to it , failure to take account of relevant considerations , and asking the wrong question were , said Lord Reid , examples of this .
misconstruction of the enabling statute so that the tribunal fails to deal with the question remitted to it , failure to take account of relevant [thoughts] , and asking the wrong question were , said lord reid , examples of this .

Other considerations will include the type of agency under review and the nature of the invalidity alleged .
other [thoughts] will include the type of agency under review and the nature of the invalidity alleged .

One looks firstly to see whether irrelevant considerations have been taken into account ; if they have not the decision may still be struck down if it is unreasonable in the substantive sense .
one looks firstly to see whether irrelevant [thoughts] have been taken into account ; if they have not the decision may still be struck down if it is unreasonable in the substantive sense .

Fourthly , if any of the purposes was unauthorised and this had an effect upon the decision taken , that decision will be overturned as being one based upon irrelevant considerations .
fourthly , if any of the purposes was unauthorised and this had an effect upon the decision taken , that decision will be overturned as being one based upon irrelevant [thoughts] .

The second main method of controlling the exercise of discretion is relevancy : a decision will be declared ultra vires if it is based upon irrelevant considerations or if relevant considerations are not taken into account .
the second main method of controlling the exercise of discretion is relevancy : a decision will be declared ultra vires if it is based upon irrelevant [thoughts] or if relevant [thoughts] are not taken into account .

In exercising control based upon relevancy , the courts have , for example , defined the types of considerations which licensing justices could take into account .
in exercising control based upon relevancy , the courts have , for example , defined the types of [thoughts] which licensing justices could take into account .

If the considerations relevant to dismissal of a teacher are broadly defined as ‘ any physical characteristic ’ then of course dismissal on the above ground is relevant .
if the [thoughts] relevant to dismissal of a teacher are broadly defined as ‘ any physical characteristic ’ then of course dismissal on the above ground is relevant .

First , the discernment of what are legitimate purposes , and what are relevant considerations , within particular cases can never be value-free .
first , the discernment of what are legitimate purposes , and what are relevant [thoughts] , within particular cases can never be value-free .

Should we decide to develop our law more filly in this direction this can be accommodated within the idea that all relevant considerations should be taken into account by the decision-maker .
should we decide to develop our law more filly in this direction this can be accommodated within the idea that all relevant [thoughts] should be taken into account by the decision-maker .

Goods such as soft toys and items of clothing may not need such protection , but here other considerations apply , such as the appearance of the goods on the shelf , or the possibility of seeing the contents through the packaging .
goods such as soft toys and items of clothing may not need such protection , but here other [thoughts] apply , such as the appearance of the goods on the shelf , or the possibility of seeing the contents through the packaging .

The main benefit from the customer 's point of view is that he is likely to have his needs met in a more appropriate way than if the market is not segmented ie where the same product range and price are offered regardless of geographical , demographic and buyer-behaviour considerations .
the main benefit from the customer 's point of view is that he is likely to have his needs met in a more appropriate way than if the market is not segmented ie where the same product range and price are offered regardless of geographical , demographic and buyer-behaviour [thoughts] .

In this case targets , based on sales forecasts , will be set in collaboration with marketing or sales staff , as representatives of the customer , and will take into account considerations such as planned maintenance , product quality control and machine breakdowns , for example .
in this case targets , based on sales forecasts , will be set in collaboration with marketing or sales staff , as representatives of the customer , and will take into account [thoughts] such as planned maintenance , product quality control and machine breakdowns , for example .

The quantity of goods to be ordered , and the time at which they should be ordered are major considerations .
the quantity of goods to be ordered , and the time at which they should be ordered are major [thoughts] .

The standards also involve economic , social , technical and political considerations .
the standards also involve economic , social , technical and political [thoughts] .

Given the inclusion of so many considerations , it is not surprising that standards may be amended from time to time : for example , standards may be made more stringent if new scientific research reveals a lower threshold of effect than was previously believed to exist .
given the inclusion of so many [thoughts] , it is not surprising that standards may be amended from time to time : for example , standards may be made more stringent if new scientific research reveals a lower threshold of effect than was previously believed to exist .

If emission standards are derived from consideration of the best available control technology and from economic considerations , this strategy is entirely independent of the air quality management strategy .
if emission standards are derived from consideration of the best available control technology and from economic [thoughts] , this strategy is entirely independent of the air quality management strategy .

He justified the very strict timetable ( suspensions were possible for one year only ) on the basis of the need to place the protection of public health above considerations of technological and economic feasibility .
he justified the very strict timetable ( suspensions were possible for one year only ) on the basis of the need to place the protection of public health above [thoughts] of technological and economic feasibility .

Such disagreements may stem from a variety of causes : ideological perspectives , ward and area considerations , seniority ( old v. young ) , status ( chairmen/spokesmen v. backbenchers ) , committee and pressure-group loyalties , or simply politicking or ‘ bloody mindedness ’ .
such disagreements may stem from a variety of causes : ideological perspectives , ward and area [thoughts] , seniority ( old v. young ) , status ( chairmen/spokesmen v. backbenchers ) , committee and pressure-group loyalties , or simply politicking or ‘ bloody mindedness ’ .

Constitutionally chief officers are not responsible to the ruling group or committee chairmen , but to the whole council which they are obliged to keep informed of facts , law and all other considerations relevant to decision-making .
constitutionally chief officers are not responsible to the ruling group or committee chairmen , but to the whole council which they are obliged to keep informed of facts , law and all other [thoughts] relevant to decision-making .

These are referred to by Hunter as ‘ residual categories ’ , and they cover historical aspects of power , psychological motivations and value considerations .
these are referred to by hunter as ‘ residual categories ’ , and they cover historical aspects of power , psychological motivations and value [thoughts] .

Actual practice changed fast in the 1980s as central government 's desire to cut public spending overwhelmed all other considerations .
actual practice changed fast in the 1980s as central government 's desire to cut public spending overwhelmed all other [thoughts] .

It was not until 1962 , when the Organisation of American States resolved that Cuba had voluntarily placed itself outside the inter-American system , that Castro — finding a temperamental and ideological disposition backed up by pressing security considerations — switched his energies to the export of revolution on a more substantial level .
it was not until 1962 , when the organisation of american states resolved that cuba had voluntarily placed itself outside the inter-american system , that castro — finding a temperamental and ideological disposition backed up by pressing security [thoughts] — switched his energies to the export of revolution on a more substantial level .

However , the overture also appears to have been motivated by economic considerations .
however , the overture also appears to have been motivated by economic [thoughts] .

The way it was policed and who policed it was similarly defined by national rather than local considerations .
the way it was policed and who policed it was similarly defined by national rather than local [thoughts] .

The police chief fears that his appointment could be terminated if he carries out policies that impinge directly on the interests of the mayor 's political supporters : electoral considerations and impartial policing thus make awkward bedfellows .
the police chief fears that his appointment could be terminated if he carries out policies that impinge directly on the interests of the mayor 's political supporters : electoral [thoughts] and impartial policing thus make awkward bedfellows .

Management and design of industrial enterprises — design , engineering , production management and logistics including horizontal considerations such as quality , the environment and human factors in manufacturing .
management and design of industrial enterprises — design , engineering , production management and logistics including horizontal [thoughts] such as quality , the environment and human factors in manufacturing .

One aspect of this commitment is the agreement that future formal plans and statements of policy will take account of environmental impacts and that staff job descriptions and training will reflect similar considerations .
one aspect of this commitment is the agreement that future formal plans and statements of policy will take account of environmental impacts and that staff job descriptions and training will reflect similar [thoughts] .

( 1973 ) discovered , for most of the post-war period the political interests of both the Labour-held city authorities and the surrounding Tory-controlled shire counties were best served by restricting the outward movement of the lower-paid — considerations which , along with other factors , led to the encouragement of high-rise apartment blocks on redeveloped sites in inner urban areas .
( 1973 ) discovered , for most of the post-war period the political interests of both the labour-held city authorities and the surrounding tory-controlled shire counties were best served by restricting the outward movement of the lower-paid — [thoughts] which , along with other factors , led to the encouragement of high-rise apartment blocks on redeveloped sites in inner urban areas .

True scientific investigation always revealed the workings of divine law , and the medical profession needed to be kept under constant surveillance , because their narrow commitment to materialistic principles overlooked moral considerations .
true scientific investigation always revealed the workings of divine law , and the medical profession needed to be kept under constant surveillance , because their narrow commitment to materialistic principles overlooked moral [thoughts] .

There are still courses which appear to offer ‘ separate fields of study with only desultory , largely unsystematic forays being made to see how diverse theoretical considerations may be judiciously combined in tackling the full range of practical problems that teachers need to cope with ( Merritt , 1986:187 ) .
there are still courses which appear to offer ‘ separate fields of study with only desultory , largely unsystematic forays being made to see how diverse theoretical [thoughts] may be judiciously combined in tackling the full range of practical problems that teachers need to cope with ( merritt , 1986:187 ) .

These seem to me considerations that should be taken with a seriousness at least equal to that for which the case in favour of the study of language has been urged .
these seem to me [thoughts] that should be taken with a seriousness at least equal to that for which the case in favour of the study of language has been urged .

Town planning , it seemed to say , was an eminently sensible activity , governed by technical considerations , but its achievements would be limited .
town planning , it seemed to say , was an eminently sensible activity , governed by technical [thoughts] , but its achievements would be limited .

( The Parker Morris Report , Homes for today and tomorrow ( 1961 ) , recommended standards for all new houses , whether public or private , more space and better heating being the overriding considerations : the recommendations were mandatory for New Town housing in 1967 and for local authorities in 1969 , but not for the private sector . )
( the parker morris report , homes for today and tomorrow ( 1961 ) , recommended standards for all new houses , whether public or private , more space and better heating being the overriding [thoughts] : the recommendations were mandatory for new town housing in 1967 and for local authorities in 1969 , but not for the private sector . )

Public concern was fuelled by aesthetic rather than economic considerations .
public concern was fuelled by aesthetic rather than economic [thoughts] .

He needed to think that he had been well-intentioned , but her consent or inclination did not figure among the considerations with which he weighed the matter .
he needed to think that he had been well-intentioned , but her consent or inclination did not figure among the [thoughts] with which he weighed the matter .

Fire protection considerations , other than the most fundamental ones which affect costings , have sometimes been afterthoughts .
fire protection [thoughts] , other than the most fundamental ones which affect costings , have sometimes been afterthoughts .

The Working Party has confined its considerations to high-bay warehouses over 10 metres high .
the working party has confined its [thoughts] to high-bay warehouses over 10 metres high .

If knowing how to go on in a discipline is largely a matter of rule-following , it remains the case that the rules are as much socially imposed by the disciplinary tribe as they are by epistemic considerations ( Becher 1989 ) .
if knowing how to go on in a discipline is largely a matter of rule-following , it remains the case that the rules are as much socially imposed by the disciplinary tribe as they are by epistemic [thoughts] ( becher 1989 ) .

The key point remains , however : research is seldom driven by curricular considerations , but is normally given direction by an interest structure based on academic careers and the public use of knowledge .
the key point remains , however : research is seldom driven by curricular [thoughts] , but is normally given direction by an interest structure based on academic careers and the public use of knowledge .

There are two parallel considerations at work here .
there are two parallel [thoughts] at work here .

There are really only two important considerations as far as the desktop publisher is concerned ; is it readable and does it look good .
there are really only two important [thoughts] as far as the desktop publisher is concerned ; is it readable and does it look good .

The reality , however , is that there are other considerations such as quality , quantity and intended use which have to be taken into account .
the reality , however , is that there are other [thoughts] such as quality , quantity and intended use which have to be taken into account .

While this argument holds true in an ideal world users are often subject to other considerations such as previously installed hardware , purchasing restrictions and a million and one other trivia of which that perennial bugbear ‘ compatibility ’ is possibly the most emotive .
while this argument holds true in an ideal world users are often subject to other [thoughts] such as previously installed hardware , purchasing restrictions and a million and one other trivia of which that perennial bugbear ‘ compatibility ’ is possibly the most emotive .

Qualitative factors call for the exercise of managerial judgement , and decisions involving value considerations should be taken , or at least reviewed , at a higher management level .
qualitative factors call for the exercise of managerial judgement , and decisions involving value [thoughts] should be taken , or at least reviewed , at a higher management level .

The disadvantages and advantages of committees extend beyond considerations of authority and responsibility and they are described here in full .
the disadvantages and advantages of committees extend beyond [thoughts] of authority and responsibility and they are described here in full .

The main considerations to be decided upon are :
the main [thoughts] to be decided upon are :

Such considerations led to the general use of the term Down 's Syndrome to describe this association of physical features and mental characteristics .
such [thoughts] led to the general use of the term down 's syndrome to describe this association of physical features and mental characteristics .

In Edinburgh he published his first pamphlet , Considerations on the Propriety of Establishing a Colony on one of the Sandwich Islands , in 1816 .
in edinburgh he published his first pamphlet , [thoughts] on the propriety of establishing a colony on one of the sandwich islands , in 1816 .

Similar considerations afflict his poetry , of which over 1,700 items exist in the Gloucester archive .
similar [thoughts] afflict his poetry , of which over 1,700 items exist in the gloucester archive .

Her approaches were unsuccessful since suspicion of her contacts with Jacobite circles might have endangered Georg Ludwig 's position as king of England ; and her children when grown up had political considerations of their own which prevented them from responding positively .
her approaches were unsuccessful since suspicion of her contacts with jacobite circles might have endangered georg ludwig 's position as king of england ; and her children when grown up had political [thoughts] of their own which prevented them from responding positively .

If the directors do state their reasons the court will investigate them to the extent of seeing whether they have acted on the right principles and will overrule their decision if they have acted on considerations which should not have weighed with them , but not merely because the court would have come to a different conclusion .
if the directors do state their reasons the court will investigate them to the extent of seeing whether they have acted on the right principles and will overrule their decision if they have acted on [thoughts] which should not have weighed with them , but not merely because the court would have come to a different conclusion .

She thought murder and a cache of death-dealing drugs were too serious to be subject to petty considerations like that , but the Josephs and Maurin were not listening .
she thought murder and a cache of death-dealing drugs were too serious to be subject to petty [thoughts] like that , but the josephs and maurin were not listening .

Against the need for a society in which persons are free to go about their business unmolested might be weighed other considerations such as the importance to be placed on freedoms of speech and assembly .
against the need for a society in which persons are free to go about their business unmolested might be weighed other [thoughts] such as the importance to be placed on freedoms of speech and assembly .

The basic considerations which in Chapter 6 led to the view that the reading system involves two different processing procedures , one lexical and the other non-lexical , apply also to the spelling system .
the basic [thoughts] which in chapter 6 led to the view that the reading system involves two different processing procedures , one lexical and the other non-lexical , apply also to the spelling system .

Apart from the aesthetic considerations , those governing the welfare of plants and livestock must be taken into account if a healthy balance is to be subsequently maintained .
apart from the aesthetic [thoughts] , those governing the welfare of plants and livestock must be taken into account if a healthy balance is to be subsequently maintained .

Practical considerations aside , the visual aspect must be carefully accommodated , for , even with a small area of water , the position in which it is placed can make or mar the garden .
practical [thoughts] aside , the visual aspect must be carefully accommodated , for , even with a small area of water , the position in which it is placed can make or mar the garden .

Time taken in combining the all-important practical requirements and aesthetic considerations is time well spent , for an ill-conceived pool constructed in the wrong part of the garden is a liability .
time taken in combining the all-important practical requirements and aesthetic [thoughts] is time well spent , for an ill-conceived pool constructed in the wrong part of the garden is a liability .

But if direct partisan considerations are largely absent from the process , wider concerns of suitability are not .
but if direct partisan [thoughts] are largely absent from the process , wider concerns of suitability are not .

The moral or ideological considerations that inform domestic politics provide an inappropriate basis for action , whether in relation to Vietnam in the 1960s and 1970s or Yugoslavia in the 1990s — particularly when a positive outcome in terms of power and prestige can not be assured .
the moral or ideological [thoughts] that inform domestic politics provide an inappropriate basis for action , whether in relation to vietnam in the 1960s and 1970s or yugoslavia in the 1990s — particularly when a positive outcome in terms of power and prestige can not be assured .

The extent to which these kinds of considerations can be included in the accounts depend upon the extent to which they were included in the budget .
the extent to which these kinds of [thoughts] can be included in the accounts depend upon the extent to which they were included in the budget .

The output comparisons have to take into account social , economic and political considerations : it may just be that in Rochester the residents prefer not to have to drag their refuse up the garden path , at any price .
the output comparisons have to take into account social , economic and political [thoughts] : it may just be that in rochester the residents prefer not to have to drag their refuse up the garden path , at any price .

In much the same way implicit or explicit models for describing the evolution of stream channels or drainage basins commonly are used to make simplifying assumptions that eliminate considerations of time , history and sometimes even progressive change .
in much the same way implicit or explicit models for describing the evolution of stream channels or drainage basins commonly are used to make simplifying assumptions that eliminate [thoughts] of time , history and sometimes even progressive change .

At pre-university level the originally dominant historically-based approach has been replaced by teaching which often focuses upon the impact of human activity and upon management considerations but gives much less emphasis to the mechanics and principles of landscape function .
at pre-university level the originally dominant historically-based approach has been replaced by teaching which often focuses upon the impact of human activity and upon management [thoughts] but gives much less emphasis to the mechanics and principles of landscape function .

This tendency can still be seen in text books where , after a majority of the text devoted to ‘ straight ’ physical geography , a final chapter , often brief , may introduce human activity and possibly applied considerations as well !
this tendency can still be seen in text books where , after a majority of the text devoted to ‘ straight ’ physical geography , a final chapter , often brief , may introduce human activity and possibly applied [thoughts] as well !

In soils energy considerations have already been noted ( p. 142 ) and Gerrard ( 1981 ) referring to Runge ( 1973 ) has reviewed the energy status of soil systems by recognizing three components .
in soils energy [thoughts] have already been noted ( p. 142 ) and gerrard ( 1981 ) referring to runge ( 1973 ) has reviewed the energy status of soil systems by recognizing three components .

These considerations ensured that the Soviet plan would be rejected by the West , a rejection confirmed once the new American administration under Reagan was installed on 20 January .
these [thoughts] ensured that the soviet plan would be rejected by the west , a rejection confirmed once the new american administration under reagan was installed on 20 january .

Political considerations simultaneously led to the Soviet decision to abandon its rights , derived from the Yalta Agreements and specified in the Chinese-Soviet treaty of friendship of August 1945 , to exclusive use of the naval base in Port Arthur and shared use of the port of Dairen in the Chinese People 's Republic .
political [thoughts] simultaneously led to the soviet decision to abandon its rights , derived from the yalta agreements and specified in the chinese-soviet treaty of friendship of august 1945 , to exclusive use of the naval base in port arthur and shared use of the port of dairen in the chinese people 's republic .

Such detailed analyses of aggradation deposits as this are not possible by purely geomorphological methods , but require considerations of stratigraphy and especially of fossils .
such detailed analyses of aggradation deposits as this are not possible by purely geomorphological methods , but require [thoughts] of stratigraphy and especially of fossils .

The methodology , the results and the interpretation of those results have all been questioned and criticised ( see Parsons , 1978 ) but the Hawthorne experiments do suggest a number of considerations :
the methodology , the results and the interpretation of those results have all been questioned and criticised ( see parsons , 1978 ) but the hawthorne experiments do suggest a number of [thoughts] :

For example the Review of Railway Finances chaired by Sir David Serpell was given the following terms of reference ‘ to examine the finances of the railway and associated operations , in the light of all relevant considerations , and to report on options for alternative policies , and their related objectives , designed to secure improved financial results in an efficiently run railway in Great Britain over the next 20 years ’ .
for example the review of railway finances chaired by sir david serpell was given the following terms of reference ‘ to examine the finances of the railway and associated operations , in the light of all relevant [thoughts] , and to report on options for alternative policies , and their related objectives , designed to secure improved financial results in an efficiently run railway in great britain over the next 20 years ’ .

These considerations should be borne in mind , as they can determine the ultimate destiny of our music .
these [thoughts] should be borne in mind , as they can determine the ultimate destiny of our music .

However , from the point of view of the strategic considerations in this chapter the following points are relevant :
however , from the point of view of the strategic [thoughts] in this chapter the following points are relevant :

These overall Course considerations may give the impression of a system that is inflexible and resistant to change .
these overall course [thoughts] may give the impression of a system that is inflexible and resistant to change .

The moral is that the need to clearly communicate findings must always take precedence over considerations of technical adequacy .
the moral is that the need to clearly communicate findings must always take precedence over [thoughts] of technical adequacy .

Styles changed to suit the visitors ' demands , and with volume and speed of production becoming the prime considerations , standards of craftsmanship steadily declined .
styles changed to suit the visitors ' demands , and with volume and speed of production becoming the prime [thoughts] , standards of craftsmanship steadily declined .

Therefore , the following discussion is in accretionary terms , though some of the considerations would doubtless apply in protoplanetary theories .
therefore , the following discussion is in accretionary terms , though some of the [thoughts] would doubtless apply in protoplanetary theories .

Our survey suggested that , in the three districts studied , people on section 117 of the Mental Health Act 1983 and those who were being discharged after at least six months in hospital were almost always included on care programmes , but for people being discharged from hospital after briefer admissions , for those who were being treated outside hospital and for elderly people with both functional and organic disorders , the decision to formulate a care programme was determined by particular considerations .
our survey suggested that , in the three districts studied , people on section 117 of the mental health act 1983 and those who were being discharged after at least six months in hospital were almost always included on care programmes , but for people being discharged from hospital after briefer admissions , for those who were being treated outside hospital and for elderly people with both functional and organic disorders , the decision to formulate a care programme was determined by particular [thoughts] .

He is well known for his theoretical considerations of the ‘ habitus ’ and ‘ cultural capital ’ .
he is well known for his theoretical [thoughts] of the ‘ habitus ’ and ‘ cultural capital ’ .

It does so via Bourdieu 's critique of structuralism and his considerations of reflexivity .
it does so via bourdieu 's critique of structuralism and his [thoughts] of reflexivity .

Key to the work on markets are considerations of change in the world religions and in painting .
key to the work on markets are [thoughts] of change in the world religions and in painting .

a . General Considerations
a . general [thoughts]

However , at the outset it may be said that to some extent the political objective of requiring the Community legislative institutions to bear those considerations in mind would appear already to be being observed ; for example , Council Decision 92/421 on tourism policy expressly refers in its recitals to ‘ the need to comply with the subsidiarity principle ’ .
however , at the outset it may be said that to some extent the political objective of requiring the community legislative institutions to bear those [thoughts] in mind would appear already to be being observed ; for example , council decision 92/421 on tourism policy expressly refers in its recitals to ‘ the need to comply with the subsidiarity principle ’ .

There are various considerations and implications which surround the adoption of an admissible statement as an expression of parliamentary intention .
there are various [thoughts] and implications which surround the adoption of an admissible statement as an expression of parliamentary intention .

It sought , first , to exonerate itself from any general or particular blame for the tragedy and , second , to temper the pursuit of justice , for victims and murderers alike , with considerations of political expediency .
it sought , first , to exonerate itself from any general or particular blame for the tragedy and , second , to temper the pursuit of justice , for victims and murderers alike , with [thoughts] of political expediency .

‘ Taken at face value individual companies would have us believe that their particular stance has been determined by purely altruistic considerations , such as meeting customer demand , protecting staff or defending religious principles .
‘ taken at face value individual companies would have us believe that their particular stance has been determined by purely altruistic [thoughts] , such as meeting customer demand , protecting staff or defending religious principles .

Eugenic considerations may be regarded as a justification for confining incest to sexual intercourse .
eugenic [thoughts] may be regarded as a justification for confining incest to sexual intercourse .

However , ‘ eugenic considerations were by no means crucial to the passage of the Incest Act ’ in 1908 and the protection of children from sexual exploitation by parents was regarded as far more significant .
however , ‘ eugenic [thoughts] were by no means crucial to the passage of the incest act ’ in 1908 and the protection of children from sexual exploitation by parents was regarded as far more significant .

The implications of this approach were not discussed ; social policy considerations were , for the most part , neatly by-passed .
the implications of this approach were not discussed ; social policy [thoughts] were , for the most part , neatly by-passed .

Of the five law lords who delivered speeches in Morgan , it was only Lord Simon whose decision was at all influenced by social policy considerations . Speaking of the requirement that a mistake be reasonable in many areas of criminal law and applying this to rape , he stated :
of the five law lords who delivered speeches in morgan , it was only lord simon whose decision was at all influenced by social policy [thoughts] . speaking of the requirement that a mistake be reasonable in many areas of criminal law and applying this to rape , he stated :

The ultimate question which arises in this area of law is whether a commitment to subjectivism should override all other considerations regardless of circumstances or social cost .
the ultimate question which arises in this area of law is whether a commitment to subjectivism should override all other [thoughts] regardless of circumstances or social cost .

Bearing in mind these considerations , and some of the criticisms which have been levelled at existing gradation schemes , a ladder of offences could possibly be constructed as follows , to deal with non-consensual conduct presently covered by rape , indecent assault and buggery .
bearing in mind these [thoughts] , and some of the criticisms which have been levelled at existing gradation schemes , a ladder of offences could possibly be constructed as follows , to deal with non-consensual conduct presently covered by rape , indecent assault and buggery .

At one sixth the weight of its dimensional stone equivalent , Ultra-Lite allows real marble or granite to be used for cladding applications which would otherwise be prohibitive due to weight or cost considerations .
at one sixth the weight of its dimensional stone equivalent , ultra-lite allows real marble or granite to be used for cladding applications which would otherwise be prohibitive due to weight or cost [thoughts] .

Safety , which has for a long time been assumed to be at odds with commercial considerations , is now a business interest .
safety , which has for a long time been assumed to be at odds with commercial [thoughts] , is now a business interest .

Thank you for your letter of the 6th of May reassuring me that the partnership of local sponsoring bodies , the Welsh Office and the European Commission which manages the programme , takes into account environmental considerations when selecting and approving projects .
thank you for your letter of the 6th of may reassuring me that the partnership of local sponsoring bodies , the welsh office and the european commission which manages the programme , takes into account environmental [thoughts] when selecting and approving projects .

’ … there is a strong case in the national interest for allowing these resources to be developed unless there are overriding environmental considerations . ’
’ … there is a strong case in the national interest for allowing these resources to be developed unless there are overriding environmental [thoughts] . ’

We welcome the enhanced environmental considerations in the guidance , particularly that on the relationship between transport , pollution and energy use ; the importance of taking care when converting buildings of special architectural or historic interest ; and on the application of Environmental Assessment to industrial and commercial development .
we welcome the enhanced environmental [thoughts] in the guidance , particularly that on the relationship between transport , pollution and energy use ; the importance of taking care when converting buildings of special architectural or historic interest ; and on the application of environmental assessment to industrial and commercial development .

This list does not suggest that greater weight should be attached to any one of the four main considerations .
this list does not suggest that greater weight should be attached to any one of the four main [thoughts] .

( It ) emphasises the interaction between the economy and the environment and , if sustainable principles are to be embraced , then there is a need to shift the balance of considerations much more in favour of the environment than hitherto .
( it ) emphasises the interaction between the economy and the environment and , if sustainable principles are to be embraced , then there is a need to shift the balance of [thoughts] much more in favour of the environment than hitherto .

‘ But , apart from any other considerations , it is very often a statutory obligation , and we must get our reporting organised and controlled .
‘ but , apart from any other [thoughts] , it is very often a statutory obligation , and we must get our reporting organised and controlled .

The Catholic Education Commission for Scotland welcomes the development of Short Courses in Religious and Moral Education , and endorses the considerations which led to a change in title .
the catholic education commission for scotland welcomes the development of short courses in religious and moral education , and endorses the [thoughts] which led to a change in title .

Even when avoiding the overlap of these two considerations , there is , clearly , a very large number of possible permutations .
even when avoiding the overlap of these two [thoughts] , there is , clearly , a very large number of possible permutations .

Such considerations are , obviously , of vital importance in figural mosaics which hope to maintain a degree of naturalism .
such [thoughts] are , obviously , of vital importance in figural mosaics which hope to maintain a degree of naturalism .

71 ) , was almost certainly planned as a whole but , nevertheless , provides a useful illustration of these considerations .
71 ) , was almost certainly planned as a whole but , nevertheless , provides a useful illustration of these [thoughts] .

These considerations constitute a useful base against which to consider the complications caused by transverse spatial effects and by finite-medium response time y " : there is clearly no reason why the basic gain and transphasing mechanism should not survive the introduction of these complications .
these [thoughts] constitute a useful base against which to consider the complications caused by transverse spatial effects and by finite-medium response time y " : there is clearly no reason why the basic gain and transphasing mechanism should not survive the introduction of these complications .

These arise , it seems , from basic rational considerations and may be formulated as guidelines for the efficient and effective use of language in conversation to further cooperative ends .
these arise , it seems , from basic rational [thoughts] and may be formulated as guidelines for the efficient and effective use of language in conversation to further cooperative ends .

The ready availability of good-quality building stone in most parts of Scotland , the lack of timber in many northern areas , and the need to protect against strong winds and abundant rain , are a few of the many practical considerations which have had an important effect on the nature of Scottish buildings .
the ready availability of good-quality building stone in most parts of scotland , the lack of timber in many northern areas , and the need to protect against strong winds and abundant rain , are a few of the many practical [thoughts] which have had an important effect on the nature of scottish buildings .

These global considerations do rely on numerical computation to a large extent , are nonrigorous , and do not provide predictions of actual behaviour at actual parameter values .
these global [thoughts] do rely on numerical computation to a large extent , are nonrigorous , and do not provide predictions of actual behaviour at actual parameter values .

All such considerations have been axed from the final bill which permits drilling along the Californian coast and in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .
all such [thoughts] have been axed from the final bill which permits drilling along the californian coast and in the arctic national wildlife refuge .

This has been widely criticised as failing to provide for the development of a coherent energy policy to take account of environmental and other considerations such as events in the Gulf .
this has been widely criticised as failing to provide for the development of a coherent energy policy to take account of environmental and other [thoughts] such as events in the gulf .

Several pointed out that the mining issue was only one of a number of considerations , particularly given the fact that commercial exploitation would remain unviable for some time to come .
several pointed out that the mining issue was only one of a number of [thoughts] , particularly given the fact that commercial exploitation would remain unviable for some time to come .

This is a code of conduct for directors of listed companies requiring them not to deal in their own company 's shares on short-term considerations or at a time when they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information .
this is a code of conduct for directors of listed companies requiring them not to deal in their own company 's shares on short-term [thoughts] or at a time when they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information .

( a ) General considerations Once the drafter has taken full instructions , the first draft of the terms can be prepared .
( a ) general [thoughts] once the drafter has taken full instructions , the first draft of the terms can be prepared .

The Legal Regulation of Exclusion Clauses : General Considerations
the legal regulation of exclusion clauses : general [thoughts]

However , there are a number of general considerations which the drafter must bear in mind when drafting any clause which excludes or limits liability , and it is convenient to consider them here .
however , there are a number of general [thoughts] which the drafter must bear in mind when drafting any clause which excludes or limits liability , and it is convenient to consider them here .

Theoretical considerations , such as the relation of deixis to semantics and pragmatics , and the various types of deictic meaning , are discussed , and a cline of deictic activity , a point on which any text must function , is described .
theoretical [thoughts] , such as the relation of deixis to semantics and pragmatics , and the various types of deictic meaning , are discussed , and a cline of deictic activity , a point on which any text must function , is described .

Apart from the restraint of trade considerations there would seem to be no reason why a contract under which one person undertakes to keep silent on a particular subject should not be enforceable in accordance with its terms .
apart from the restraint of trade [thoughts] there would seem to be no reason why a contract under which one person undertakes to keep silent on a particular subject should not be enforceable in accordance with its terms .

Similar considerations apply to the demonstrative " these " in the opening line of Wilfred Owen 's " Anthem for doomed youth " .
similar [thoughts] apply to the demonstrative " these " in the opening line of wilfred owen 's " anthem for doomed youth " .

Similar considerations apply in the county court which also has the power to award costs .
similar [thoughts] apply in the county court which also has the power to award costs .

The exchange 's duty to act fairly means without arbitrariness or capriciousness , and on the basis of relevant considerations .
the exchange 's duty to act fairly means without arbitrariness or capriciousness , and on the basis of relevant [thoughts] .

Generally , however , the normal considerations of fairness would be expected to apply .
generally , however , the normal [thoughts] of fairness would be expected to apply .

It is generally difficult for litigation-dominated firms ( whether plaintiff or defendant ) to build corporate practices : differences of attitudes between parts of the client base , as well as different attitudes among lawyers and different economic considerations , all play their part .
it is generally difficult for litigation-dominated firms ( whether plaintiff or defendant ) to build corporate practices : differences of attitudes between parts of the client base , as well as different attitudes among lawyers and different economic [thoughts] , all play their part .

Communicators are restrained by other forces : by shared ethical assumptions , by non-legal rules which find favour with the Press Council and the Broadcasting Complaints Commission , by pressure from advertisers , by the political predilections of proprietors , and by the host of subjective considerations which go to make up `` editorial discretion `` .
communicators are restrained by other forces : by shared ethical assumptions , by non-legal rules which find favour with the press council and the broadcasting complaints commission , by pressure from advertisers , by the political predilections of proprietors , and by the host of subjective [thoughts] which go to make up `` editorial discretion `` .

This branch of the law is strongly impressed with considerations of public interest .
this branch of the law is strongly impressed with [thoughts] of public interest .

Pratt is specifically concerned with the ideological implications of landscape descriptions in novels and travel reports , and argues for the development of a stylistics that goes beyond purely aesthetic considerations , and takes into account the social , historical and ideological dimensions of texts .
pratt is specifically concerned with the ideological implications of landscape descriptions in novels and travel reports , and argues for the development of a stylistics that goes beyond purely aesthetic [thoughts] , and takes into account the social , historical and ideological dimensions of texts .

As with so many of the apparently unreal differences on the Left it was organizational rather than principled considerations which divided the Communist and non-Communist advocates of Unity .
as with so many of the apparently unreal differences on the left it was organizational rather than principled [thoughts] which divided the communist and non-communist advocates of unity .

Primary considerations in the selection of software
primary [thoughts] in the selection of software

Secondary considerations
secondary [thoughts]

If the wife and new husband are purchasing the husband 's share or interest in the property for full value , then usual sale and purchase considerations apply .
if the wife and new husband are purchasing the husband 's share or interest in the property for full value , then usual sale and purchase [thoughts] apply .

4 Tax considerations
4 tax [thoughts]

In the cases that followed ( ie the disposal of the whole of the matrimonial home to the wife ( Chapter 3 ) ; a conveyance of the husband 's interest in the matrimonial home to the wife ( Chapter 4 ) ; and the conveyance of the husband 's interest in the matrimonial home to a third party ( Chapter 5 ) ) , once the husband had disposed of his interest no further tax considerations applied so far as the husband was concerned ( unless there was an element of gift involved in the conveyance not at arm 's length and the husband died within seven years , thus bringing in a charge to inheritance tax ) .
in the cases that followed ( ie the disposal of the whole of the matrimonial home to the wife ( chapter 3 ) ; a conveyance of the husband 's interest in the matrimonial home to the wife ( chapter 4 ) ; and the conveyance of the husband 's interest in the matrimonial home to a third party ( chapter 5 ) ) , once the husband had disposed of his interest no further tax [thoughts] applied so far as the husband was concerned ( unless there was an element of gift involved in the conveyance not at arm 's length and the husband died within seven years , thus bringing in a charge to inheritance tax ) .

3 Tax considerations
3 tax [thoughts]

Though it must ‘ have regard to the provisions of the development plan ’ it may take ‘ any other material considerations ’ into account .
though it must ‘ have regard to the provisions of the development plan ’ it may take ‘ any other material [thoughts] ’ into account .

In the first place , local authorities can serve an enforcement notice only ‘ if they consider it expedient to do so having regard to the provisions of the development plan and to any other material considerations ’ ; in short , they must be satisfied that enforcement is necessary in the interests of good planning .
in the first place , local authorities can serve an enforcement notice only ‘ if they consider it expedient to do so having regard to the provisions of the development plan and to any other material [thoughts] ’ ; in short , they must be satisfied that enforcement is necessary in the interests of good planning .

The problem is one of finding a proper balance between the two considerations .
the problem is one of finding a proper balance between the two [thoughts] .

… the power to issue an enforcement notice alleging that there has been a breach of planning control is discretionary and is only to be used if the authority ‘ consider it expedient to do so having regard to the provision of the development plan and to any other material considerations ’ .
… the power to issue an enforcement notice alleging that there has been a breach of planning control is discretionary and is only to be used if the authority ‘ consider it expedient to do so having regard to the provision of the development plan and to any other material [thoughts] ’ .

Because of the national need for minerals , planning authorities have been strongly advised by the DoE to pay attention to economic considerations : ‘ a fundamental concern of planning policy must be to ensure a free flow of mineral products at economic cost .
because of the national need for minerals , planning authorities have been strongly advised by the doe to pay attention to economic [thoughts] : ‘ a fundamental concern of planning policy must be to ensure a free flow of mineral products at economic cost .

Finally , in tune with the government 's general philosophy , ‘ there is always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development , having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .
finally , in tune with the government 's general philosophy , ‘ there is always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development , having regard to all material [thoughts] , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .

They should only regulate the mix of house types when there are specific planning reasons for such control , and in so doing they should take particular account of marketing considerations .
they should only regulate the mix of house types when there are specific planning reasons for such control , and in so doing they should take particular account of marketing [thoughts] .

’ The authors comment that the range of planning considerations fall into two broad categories :
’ the authors comment that the range of planning [thoughts] fall into two broad categories :

The practical planning considerations relate mainly to amenity and the form and layout of development .
the practical planning [thoughts] relate mainly to amenity and the form and layout of development .

The strategic and other planning considerations relate to the volume and timing of development and also more recent matters such as planning gain .
the strategic and other planning [thoughts] relate to the volume and timing of development and also more recent matters such as planning gain .

They are of more recent origin in statutory planning and , apart from a few basic considerations , tend to vary in their incidence in different districts .
they are of more recent origin in statutory planning and , apart from a few basic [thoughts] , tend to vary in their incidence in different districts .

’ On the other hand , they ‘ more often allowed appeals which turned on practical appeal considerations lacking firm local policy coverage , but in which national policies were invoked in favour of the appellant ’ .
’ on the other hand , they ‘ more often allowed appeals which turned on practical appeal [thoughts] lacking firm local policy coverage , but in which national policies were invoked in favour of the appellant ’ .

But clearly there is a point beyond which restrictions can not reasonably be imposed on the grounds of good neighbourliness without payment of compensation — and ‘ general considerations of regional or national policy require so great a restriction on the landowner 's use of his land as to amount to a taking away from him of a proprietary interest in the land ’ .
but clearly there is a point beyond which restrictions can not reasonably be imposed on the grounds of good neighbourliness without payment of compensation — and ‘ general [thoughts] of regional or national policy require so great a restriction on the landowner 's use of his land as to amount to a taking away from him of a proprietary interest in the land ’ .

have regard to and endeavour to achieve a reasonable balance between the following considerations —
have regard to and endeavour to achieve a reasonable balance between the following [thoughts] —

wake width ) , their features are adequately described by the considerations of Section 19.3 .
wake width ) , their features are adequately described by the [thoughts] of section 19.3 .

Parallel considerations apply to turbulent pipe flow .
parallel [thoughts] apply to turbulent pipe flow .

From the considerations of Chapter 15 , we expect the quantitative formulation of the relative importance of inertia and buoyancy forces to be made in terms of some form of the Froude number ( eqn ( 15.7 ) ) .
from the [thoughts] of chapter 15 , we expect the quantitative formulation of the relative importance of inertia and buoyancy forces to be made in terms of some form of the froude number ( eqn ( 15.7 ) ) .

Similar considerations applied to the temperature field lead to :
similar [thoughts] applied to the temperature field lead to :

The wavenumbers of the unstable modes are determined by the considerations leading to ( 23.20 ) rather than being directly related to the layer depth ( as they are in ordinary Bénard convection , Section 22.2 ) .
the wavenumbers of the unstable modes are determined by the [thoughts] leading to ( 23.20 ) rather than being directly related to the layer depth ( as they are in ordinary bénard convection , section 22.2 ) .

The choice of working fluid , unless dictated by the available standard equipment , is usually influenced by two considerations , the achievement of the desired values of the governing non-dimensional parameters and the performance of flow transducers .
the choice of working fluid , unless dictated by the available standard equipment , is usually influenced by two [thoughts] , the achievement of the desired values of the governing non-dimensional parameters and the performance of flow transducers .

Other considerations may , however , enter .
other [thoughts] may , however , enter .

The balance of items in this range is influenced by two important considerations : profitability and liquidity .
the balance of items in this range is influenced by two important [thoughts] : profitability and liquidity .

One sole practitioner argued that ‘ private clients must take the risk of a business default by a solicitor as they must with any other business ’ ; whilst another commented that capping would be justified ‘ now that solicitors have been turned into a trade with the main considerations being commercial ’ .
one sole practitioner argued that ‘ private clients must take the risk of a business default by a solicitor as they must with any other business ’ ; whilst another commented that capping would be justified ‘ now that solicitors have been turned into a trade with the main [thoughts] being commercial ’ .

There are several considerations , however , which suggest that the oboe band would have conformed to its normal practice and played in only four parts , leaving the quinte part , the one just above the bass , unreinforced .
there are several [thoughts] , however , which suggest that the oboe band would have conformed to its normal practice and played in only four parts , leaving the quinte part , the one just above the bass , unreinforced .

Some of these considerations are sometimes valid , and must be taken into account , but surely they should not excuse us from seeking out such evidence as does exist in relation to the period and style we are performing ?
some of these [thoughts] are sometimes valid , and must be taken into account , but surely they should not excuse us from seeking out such evidence as does exist in relation to the period and style we are performing ?

‘ Apart from other considerations , like leaving behind all your friends and a society you 'd grown up in , did n't your parents object to you taking their grandson away ?
‘ apart from other [thoughts] , like leaving behind all your friends and a society you 'd grown up in , did n't your parents object to you taking their grandson away ?

Unfortunately , weathering processes and products can not be understood simply in terms of the formation of stable mineral forms since many minerals are abundant on the Earth 's surface even though thermodynamic considerations tell us that they are unstable .
unfortunately , weathering processes and products can not be understood simply in terms of the formation of stable mineral forms since many minerals are abundant on the earth 's surface even though thermodynamic [thoughts] tell us that they are unstable .

This reflects a number of trends ; our society 's lemming-like dash to document , quality-assure and performance-indicate everything that moves , the release from inhibitions ( and writing standards ) and the productivity gains afforded to document creators by the word-processor , and both the power and ephemerality of electronic mail , which encourage proliferation unencumbered by considerations of cost or accountability .
this reflects a number of trends ; our society 's lemming-like dash to document , quality-assure and performance-indicate everything that moves , the release from inhibitions ( and writing standards ) and the productivity gains afforded to document creators by the word-processor , and both the power and ephemerality of electronic mail , which encourage proliferation unencumbered by [thoughts] of cost or accountability .

By devising and adopting standards for encoding machine-readable information , data exchange can take place independently of processing considerations .
by devising and adopting standards for encoding machine-readable information , data exchange can take place independently of processing [thoughts] .

There are also financial considerations .
there are also financial [thoughts] .

While the opportunities seem almost infinitely seductive , there are difficulties arising from costs , from relationships between the Library and publishers , where rapid technological changes could outstrip long-term undertakings , and from considerations of preservation .
while the opportunities seem almost infinitely seductive , there are difficulties arising from costs , from relationships between the library and publishers , where rapid technological changes could outstrip long-term undertakings , and from [thoughts] of preservation .

Inevitably therefore , commercial considerations will govern the great bulk of our electronic output .
inevitably therefore , commercial [thoughts] will govern the great bulk of our electronic output .

Secondly , even though static analysis of the sort featured in Figures 5.3 and 5.4 may point to the stimulating effect of price reductions , dynamic considerations such as the effects of bankruptcy and default during the process of price deflation may serve to tighten the grip of recession rather than loosen it .
secondly , even though static analysis of the sort featured in figures 5.3 and 5.4 may point to the stimulating effect of price reductions , dynamic [thoughts] such as the effects of bankruptcy and default during the process of price deflation may serve to tighten the grip of recession rather than loosen it .

It follows that is not an objective number generated by considerations of overall balance in the labour market : its value turns critically on the political preferences of governments which are supposed to be in a position to define for themselves what unemployment rate will correspond to full employment and to be capable of action to achieve their newly defined objective .
it follows that is not an objective number generated by [thoughts] of overall balance in the labour market : its value turns critically on the political preferences of governments which are supposed to be in a position to define for themselves what unemployment rate will correspond to full employment and to be capable of action to achieve their newly defined objective .

But , overshadowing all purely technical considerations , the Phillips curve had one attraction which made it even more irresistible : its subject matter was ‘ important ’ .
but , overshadowing all purely technical [thoughts] , the phillips curve had one attraction which made it even more irresistible : its subject matter was ‘ important ’ .

If , by virtue of the above , proceedings may be commenced in either court , the choice of court will be influenced by the following considerations : ( 1 ) where the case is eventually to be tried , ie whether in the High Court or in the county court — separate rules for each , set out below , apply ; ( 2 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to grant the relief being sought ( see Chapter 2 ) ; ( 3 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to enforce the judgment to be obtained ( see Chapter 2 ) ; and ( 4 ) the risk of being struck out or penalised in disallowance of costs if proceedings which are clearly suitable for one court are brought instead in the other ( see below ) .
if , by virtue of the above , proceedings may be commenced in either court , the choice of court will be influenced by the following [thoughts] : ( 1 ) where the case is eventually to be tried , ie whether in the high court or in the county court — separate rules for each , set out below , apply ; ( 2 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to grant the relief being sought ( see chapter 2 ) ; ( 3 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to enforce the judgment to be obtained ( see chapter 2 ) ; and ( 4 ) the risk of being struck out or penalised in disallowance of costs if proceedings which are clearly suitable for one court are brought instead in the other ( see below ) .

1 Pre-Trial Considerations
1 pre-trial [thoughts]

Following from these considerations , Chapters 2 and 3 both contain precedents for use in non-consumer transactions , prepared from the point of view of the supplier and the customer respectively , to show examples of the different approaches that each party has in a situation where he has the preponderance of bargaining power , and wishes to use it .
following from these [thoughts] , chapters 2 and 3 both contain precedents for use in non-consumer transactions , prepared from the point of view of the supplier and the customer respectively , to show examples of the different approaches that each party has in a situation where he has the preponderance of bargaining power , and wishes to use it .

However , where the indemnifier grants an indemnity to the indemnitee ( under a contract between them ) in respect of third party claims made against the indemnitee by reason of the indemnitee 's own negligence , different considerations arise .
however , where the indemnifier grants an indemnity to the indemnitee ( under a contract between them ) in respect of third party claims made against the indemnitee by reason of the indemnitee 's own negligence , different [thoughts] arise .

Insurance considerations will not be very relevant in deciding whether to exclude liability ( for loss or damage other than death or personal injury ) to a consumer to the extent that it is regarded as reasonable under s 4 and permitted under s 2 ( 2 ) .
insurance [thoughts] will not be very relevant in deciding whether to exclude liability ( for loss or damage other than death or personal injury ) to a consumer to the extent that it is regarded as reasonable under s 4 and permitted under s 2 ( 2 ) .

All of the same considerations apply , except that here since the protected parties are non-consumers , the section permits the exclusion of liability to the extent that the exemption clause satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
all of the same [thoughts] apply , except that here since the protected parties are non-consumers , the section permits the exclusion of liability to the extent that the exemption clause satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

1.7 General considerations relating to the law of contract
1.7 general [thoughts] relating to the law of contract

There are three basic considerations : ( 1 ) the need to avoid the consequences of a dissolution and winding up of the whole business ; ( 2 ) the need to define the circumstances in which leaving the partnership is permitted or made compulsory ; and ( 3 ) the need to anticipate the financial and administrative consequences of the departure of members of the firm .
there are three basic [thoughts] : ( 1 ) the need to avoid the consequences of a dissolution and winding up of the whole business ; ( 2 ) the need to define the circumstances in which leaving the partnership is permitted or made compulsory ; and ( 3 ) the need to anticipate the financial and administrative consequences of the departure of members of the firm .

Similar considerations arise where auditors certify the adjustment rates of convertible shares and the price of shares for employees in share option schemes .
similar [thoughts] arise where auditors certify the adjustment rates of convertible shares and the price of shares for employees in share option schemes .

Nowadays different considerations affect airspace .
nowadays different [thoughts] affect airspace .

It is almost always determined by commercial considerations .
it is almost always determined by commercial [thoughts] .

This has been prompted by investment considerations .
this has been prompted by investment [thoughts] .

Different considerations , however , apply to the contributions to a retirement pension .
different [thoughts] , however , apply to the contributions to a retirement pension .

Different commercial requirements will throw up different tax considerations , not all of which can be covered comprehensively here , though it is hoped there is sufficient to indicate what further research will be required .
different commercial requirements will throw up different tax [thoughts] , not all of which can be covered comprehensively here , though it is hoped there is sufficient to indicate what further research will be required .

General considerations
general [thoughts]

The main considerations are as follows .
the main [thoughts] are as follows .

In some cases there may not be sufficient time to bring together a number of financiers at the outset , or , in the case of a bid , considerations of confidentiality may prevent approaches to multiple investors .
in some cases there may not be sufficient time to bring together a number of financiers at the outset , or , in the case of a bid , [thoughts] of confidentiality may prevent approaches to multiple investors .

General Considerations
general [thoughts]

The report , while acknowledging a need for pesticides , recommends that health considerations be put before those of agricultural production .
the report , while acknowledging a need for pesticides , recommends that health [thoughts] be put before those of agricultural production .

In its latest annual report , the World Bank promises that environmental considerations will feature strongly in new projects .
in its latest annual report , the world bank promises that environmental [thoughts] will feature strongly in new projects .

However , the quota limits , determined largely by commercial considerations , are now believed to have been set too high .
however , the quota limits , determined largely by commercial [thoughts] , are now believed to have been set too high .

It is now clear that numerous public investments , often supported by development agencies including the World Bank , have caused damage by failing to take environmental considerations into account or to judge the magnitude of the impacts `` , the report says , citing some large dam projects as particularly damaging . ``
it is now clear that numerous public investments , often supported by development agencies including the world bank , have caused damage by failing to take environmental [thoughts] into account or to judge the magnitude of the impacts `` , the report says , citing some large dam projects as particularly damaging . ``

Nine members ( i ) criticized the government for its inadequate and inconsistent policies on genetic engineering and for giving higher priority to economic considerations than to animal welfare , ( ii ) criticized scientists for lacking clear research goals , and ( iii ) expressed deep anxiety about the human genome project , fearing that it might increase opportunities for eugenics .
nine members ( i ) criticized the government for its inadequate and inconsistent policies on genetic engineering and for giving higher priority to economic [thoughts] than to animal welfare , ( ii ) criticized scientists for lacking clear research goals , and ( iii ) expressed deep anxiety about the human genome project , fearing that it might increase opportunities for eugenics .

The act itself was the product of demands for change because of the limited impact of the 1832 Act and because of more immediate political considerations .
the act itself was the product of demands for change because of the limited impact of the 1832 act and because of more immediate political [thoughts] .

However , they are permitted to deviate from this if special geographic considerations ( for example , the size , shape , and accessibility of a constituency ) appear to render such a deviation desirable .
however , they are permitted to deviate from this if special geographic [thoughts] ( for example , the size , shape , and accessibility of a constituency ) appear to render such a deviation desirable .

The researches of both Austin Ranney and Michael Rush have found that , despite the political importance of choosing a candidate , the political views of applicants are not important considerations in the selection process .
the researches of both austin ranney and michael rush have found that , despite the political importance of choosing a candidate , the political views of applicants are not important [thoughts] in the selection process .

The questioning extends far beyond that of a `` use/abuse model `` of science and technology to deeper considerations of the scientific and technological process itself .
the questioning extends far beyond that of a `` use/abuse model `` of science and technology to deeper [thoughts] of the scientific and technological process itself .

Now , due to developments in microelectronics , this same objective can be achieved regardless of such architectural considerations .
now , due to developments in microelectronics , this same objective can be achieved regardless of such architectural [thoughts] .

The criteria used will be the conventional ones — cost , technical and material constraints , together with safety considerations and planning constraints .
the criteria used will be the conventional ones — cost , technical and material constraints , together with safety [thoughts] and planning constraints .

But social and environmental considerations are also being considered .
but social and environmental [thoughts] are also being considered .

Space is devoted in the final chapter to considerations of the mentalism , or otherwise , of metrical structures .
space is devoted in the final chapter to [thoughts] of the mentalism , or otherwise , of metrical structures .

The golden thread approach , coupled with considerations such as that post-Darwin certain past arguments no longer hold water , together with an element of an a priori ethical stance , seems to me to provide the best concerted argument for the ordination of women .
the golden thread approach , coupled with [thoughts] such as that post-darwin certain past arguments no longer hold water , together with an element of an a priori ethical stance , seems to me to provide the best concerted argument for the ordination of women .

It was still , however , dynastic and political considerations rather than religion which began drawing Picts and Scots into a closer relationship .
it was still , however , dynastic and political [thoughts] rather than religion which began drawing picts and scots into a closer relationship .

There were problems expressed about the difficulties of people with disabilities and those in ill-health to have necessary adaptations made to their homes , again mainly due to financial considerations rather than on the tenants ' needs .
there were problems expressed about the difficulties of people with disabilities and those in ill-health to have necessary adaptations made to their homes , again mainly due to financial [thoughts] rather than on the tenants ' needs .

Her cotton dress was rent almost from the armpit to the hem and as she leaned forward to bring a saucer of water to the lips of a wounded man , the Collector glimpsed three polished ribs and the shrunken globe of her breast ; modesty was one of the many considerations which no longer troubled her .
her cotton dress was rent almost from the armpit to the hem and as she leaned forward to bring a saucer of water to the lips of a wounded man , the collector glimpsed three polished ribs and the shrunken globe of her breast ; modesty was one of the many [thoughts] which no longer troubled her .

Much space policy in Europe has derived from military considerations .
much space policy in europe has derived from military [thoughts] .

But although his mind was detached from day-to-day events it brooded a good deal on longer-term considerations .
but although his mind was detached from day-to-day events it brooded a good deal on longer-term [thoughts] .

There will , of course , always be those whose motivation in the cause will over-rule other considerations , whether because the motivation is founded in ideological conviction , or because other considerations are weak , or both .
there will , of course , always be those whose motivation in the cause will over-rule other [thoughts] , whether because the motivation is founded in ideological conviction , or because other [thoughts] are weak , or both .

And finally , and the most likely , that a mixture and muddle of all these considerations — political opportunism or opportunity , naive expectation , and well-meant but ill-judged intention — entered in central government 's motive .
and finally , and the most likely , that a mixture and muddle of all these [thoughts] — political opportunism or opportunity , naive expectation , and well-meant but ill-judged intention — entered in central government 's motive .

The seat of the chair is a straightforward mortise and tenon construction apart from two considerations .
the seat of the chair is a straightforward mortise and tenon construction apart from two [thoughts] .

We are still far from the `` permissive society `` which is fantasised alike by the prurient and the repressive ; but many of the taboos and at least a part of the secrecy and guilt feeling which surrounded sexual considerations in the earlier lifetime of many people have gone .
we are still far from the `` permissive society `` which is fantasised alike by the prurient and the repressive ; but many of the taboos and at least a part of the secrecy and guilt feeling which surrounded sexual [thoughts] in the earlier lifetime of many people have gone .

In the private sector such considerations as homosexuality , premarital and extra-marital intercourse , adult masturbation and so on , if not `` respectable `` to everyone , are at least realities to be accepted .
in the private sector such [thoughts] as homosexuality , premarital and extra-marital intercourse , adult masturbation and so on , if not `` respectable `` to everyone , are at least realities to be accepted .

Newman and Nichols , in a study of a 60–80-year-old group in North Carolina , confirmed this and noted , as had Kinsey , that the extent of sexual activity in later years depends far more on the intrinsic sexual drive of the individual than on relative age considerations .
newman and nichols , in a study of a 60–80-year-old group in north carolina , confirmed this and noted , as had kinsey , that the extent of sexual activity in later years depends far more on the intrinsic sexual drive of the individual than on relative age [thoughts] .

These may stem from hormonal changes in the woman , from social pressures , from changes in marital or parental role , from career considerations ( especially in the man , who may realise that , at this stage of life , he has gone as far as he is likely to go ) and/or from other causes .
these may stem from hormonal changes in the woman , from social pressures , from changes in marital or parental role , from career [thoughts] ( especially in the man , who may realise that , at this stage of life , he has gone as far as he is likely to go ) and/or from other causes .

Up to this point in our considerations the informational process may seem to have been followed of which many youngsters complain : they are told that " Mummy 's egg " is livened by " Daddy 's seed " but not how Daddy 's seed got there in the first place ! It is necessary to consider sexual intercourse and its mechanisms .
up to this point in our [thoughts] the informational process may seem to have been followed of which many youngsters complain : they are told that " mummy 's egg " is livened by " daddy 's seed " but not how daddy 's seed got there in the first place ! it is necessary to consider sexual intercourse and its mechanisms .

Under the immensity of weight which such considerations hold for the developing youngster , it is not surprising that sexuality falls into comparative disregard .
under the immensity of weight which such [thoughts] hold for the developing youngster , it is not surprising that sexuality falls into comparative disregard .

Most of us have , in fact , seen evidence that with increasing emphasis within society on sexual concepts and considerations , the years of so-called latency are being increasingly invaded by overt signs of sexuality .
most of us have , in fact , seen evidence that with increasing emphasis within society on sexual concepts and [thoughts] , the years of so-called latency are being increasingly invaded by overt signs of sexuality .

The considerations of adult sexuality have been skimmed over rather superficially , all the same , in this chapter .
the [thoughts] of adult sexuality have been skimmed over rather superficially , all the same , in this chapter .

The same considerations apply to vaginal diameter and depth .
the same [thoughts] apply to vaginal diameter and depth .

The setting of our considerations of homosexuality is , in fact , far from being a straightforward one .
the setting of our [thoughts] of homosexuality is , in fact , far from being a straightforward one .

Male homosexuality is still hedged about by legal considerations .
male homosexuality is still hedged about by legal [thoughts] .

Causes lie as a rule in the field of this personal inadequacy or in the more obscure considerations of fetishism or developmental disorder .
causes lie as a rule in the field of this personal inadequacy or in the more obscure [thoughts] of fetishism or developmental disorder .

We shall return to these considerations in Chapters 7 and 8 .
we shall return to these [thoughts] in chapters 7 and 8 .

Thus deviation may be held to arise either when incestuous feeling is obsessive as such or in relation to public norms , or from both considerations .
thus deviation may be held to arise either when incestuous feeling is obsessive as such or in relation to public norms , or from both [thoughts] .

One might suggest that sado-masochistic inclination becomes deviant in dual relationship to obsession and circumstance , as well as under considerations of extremity .
one might suggest that sado-masochistic inclination becomes deviant in dual relationship to obsession and circumstance , as well as under [thoughts] of extremity .

The connection between developmental considerations and sado-masochistic tendency would also explain , under these considerations , the fact that much of the tendency and resultant activity is sexual ( libidinally linked ) but that they are not inevitably so .
the connection between developmental [thoughts] and sado-masochistic tendency would also explain , under these [thoughts] , the fact that much of the tendency and resultant activity is sexual ( libidinally linked ) but that they are not inevitably so .

The Family Law Reform Act 1959 , and the Legitimacy Act 1959 are of significance in considerations of legitimacy of birth which might arise .
the family law reform act 1959 , and the legitimacy act 1959 are of significance in [thoughts] of legitimacy of birth which might arise .

Probably foremost among these considerations are the laws of both the Anglican and Catholic churches on marital dissolution .
probably foremost among these [thoughts] are the laws of both the anglican and catholic churches on marital dissolution .

The social worker is not sexless in his or her professional considerations , despite the fantasies of some clients and , indeed , of some social workers in this respect .
the social worker is not sexless in his or her professional [thoughts] , despite the fantasies of some clients and , indeed , of some social workers in this respect .

In so far as this book is a plea for some measure of reform in the priority given to sexual considerations in social work cases , public attitudes must be seen as creating obstacles .
in so far as this book is a plea for some measure of reform in the priority given to sexual [thoughts] in social work cases , public attitudes must be seen as creating obstacles .

These personal considerations are of primary importance to the social worker and the manner of his work .
these personal [thoughts] are of primary importance to the social worker and the manner of his work .

There is a strong connection between sexual considerations and those of money , in other ways than those which are immediately evident .
there is a strong connection between sexual [thoughts] and those of money , in other ways than those which are immediately evident .

There is , as we have seen , no developmental point nor chronological age at which sexuality or sexual considerations `` become `` significant in the child or in the child 's relationships .
there is , as we have seen , no developmental point nor chronological age at which sexuality or sexual [thoughts] `` become `` significant in the child or in the child 's relationships .

It is unfortunate that such considerations may be thrust out of view by continuing public — and perhaps personal — revulsion towards the concept of child sexuality .
it is unfortunate that such [thoughts] may be thrust out of view by continuing public — and perhaps personal — revulsion towards the concept of child sexuality .

Sexual problems of the child may stem from any of the above considerations , although it must again be stressed that they are not inevitable .
sexual problems of the child may stem from any of the above [thoughts] , although it must again be stressed that they are not inevitable .

Because of the wide diversity of outlook on sexual matters between the generations , the necessity may be particularly marked where sexual considerations exist .
because of the wide diversity of outlook on sexual matters between the generations , the necessity may be particularly marked where sexual [thoughts] exist .

The social worker within a local authority is never professionally involved with a family simply because it is a family but only when family considerations impinge upon the welfare and interests of some member of a client group — usually a child but perhaps an elderly or disabled adult .
the social worker within a local authority is never professionally involved with a family simply because it is a family but only when family [thoughts] impinge upon the welfare and interests of some member of a client group — usually a child but perhaps an elderly or disabled adult .

The implications of family life and upbringing in the sexual development of the individual have been in the forefront of considerations throughout this book .
the implications of family life and upbringing in the sexual development of the individual have been in the forefront of [thoughts] throughout this book .

The family setting can not be omitted from considerations of sexuality any more than sexuality can be left out of ideas concerning the complicated web of interaction and relationships which comprise family life .
the family setting can not be omitted from [thoughts] of sexuality any more than sexuality can be left out of ideas concerning the complicated web of interaction and relationships which comprise family life .

From these considerations alone the justification of doubt as to the universality of the intra-familial relationships and development postulated by Freud , mentioned on page 64 , will be evident .
from these [thoughts] alone the justification of doubt as to the universality of the intra-familial relationships and development postulated by freud , mentioned on page 64 , will be evident .

( It must be recognised that for one large group — that in which there is a strong belief in the sanctity and factual indissolubility of marriage — such considerations come much less easily : but in reality , even for this group , it is not now an impossibility for marital breakdown and separation , or nullification of the union , to take Place . )
( it must be recognised that for one large group — that in which there is a strong belief in the sanctity and factual indissolubility of marriage — such [thoughts] come much less easily : but in reality , even for this group , it is not now an impossibility for marital breakdown and separation , or nullification of the union , to take place . )

So , for some people , do career considerations .
so , for some people , do career [thoughts] .

Sexual compatibility itself figured low in the order of such attributes — Gorer feels that a satisfactory sexual life is frequently taken for granted — but the application of those named to sexual considerations is clear .
sexual compatibility itself figured low in the order of such attributes — gorer feels that a satisfactory sexual life is frequently taken for granted — but the application of those named to sexual [thoughts] is clear .

Since these considerations are permeated by sexual elements the implications for and of the sexual side of marriage are multifold and far-reaching .
since these [thoughts] are permeated by sexual elements the implications for and of the sexual side of marriage are multifold and far-reaching .

That the nomination of Boys to the School shall be made fairly and without favouritism and that the Corporation shall not permit them to be influenced by political considerations , whether arising out of local or general politics .
that the nomination of boys to the school shall be made fairly and without favouritism and that the corporation shall not permit them to be influenced by political [thoughts] , whether arising out of local or general politics .

For simplicity , let us first discuss the undamped oscillations of a mechanical system having n degrees of freedom , the equations of motion of which have been derived by Lagrangian methods from energy considerations ; they will appear , in the usual notation of dynamics , as Here x is the column of coordinates ; in what follows , we assume the last element x to be non-nodal ( if it is not , it can be made so by rewriting the equations in a different order ) .
for simplicity , let us first discuss the undamped oscillations of a mechanical system having n degrees of freedom , the equations of motion of which have been derived by lagrangian methods from energy [thoughts] ; they will appear , in the usual notation of dynamics , as here x is the column of coordinates ; in what follows , we assume the last element x to be non-nodal ( if it is not , it can be made so by rewriting the equations in a different order ) .

Instances can be cited where this appears not to be the case : where prominence is due to other than literary considerations .
instances can be cited where this appears not to be the case : where prominence is due to other than literary [thoughts] .

( iii ) There is no direct relation between statistical deviance and stylistic significance : literary considerations must therefore guide us in selecting what features to examine .
( iii ) there is no direct relation between statistical deviance and stylistic significance : literary [thoughts] must therefore guide us in selecting what features to examine .

Although these considerations make us wary of interpreting fig 4.1 too literally , they do not undermine its value as a representation of the essential core of language , and as a starting point for stylistics .
although these [thoughts] make us wary of interpreting fig 4.1 too literally , they do not undermine its value as a representation of the essential core of language , and as a starting point for stylistics .

The function of literature being primarily aesthetic , we must search for explanations of stylistic value — Of why this linguistic choice is made rather than that in terms of considerations internal to the work itself .
the function of literature being primarily aesthetic , we must search for explanations of stylistic value — of why this linguistic choice is made rather than that in terms of [thoughts] internal to the work itself .

Of the considerations governing the selection of constituency candidates by one of the major Irish parties the most cogent could be called the `` seniority factor `` .
of the [thoughts] governing the selection of constituency candidates by one of the major irish parties the most cogent could be called the `` seniority factor `` .

Considerations like these make scientists feel that they are right to take a philosophically realist view of the results of their researches ; to suppose that they are finding out the way things are .
[thoughts] like these make scientists feel that they are right to take a philosophically realist view of the results of their researches ; to suppose that they are finding out the way things are .

Great literature is only partly the reflection of a particular year or generation : it is also a timeless thing , which can never become old-fashioned or out of date , or depend for its importance upon historical considerations .
great literature is only partly the reflection of a particular year or generation : it is also a timeless thing , which can never become old-fashioned or out of date , or depend for its importance upon historical [thoughts] .

These considerations may then lead to an emphasis on training in alternative journalism and to the demand for alternative media and a concomitant emphasis on media education .
these [thoughts] may then lead to an emphasis on training in alternative journalism and to the demand for alternative media and a concomitant emphasis on media education .

As part of its brief , the working party will examine the moral and ethical considerations of launching an advertising campaign .
as part of its brief , the working party will examine the moral and ethical [thoughts] of launching an advertising campaign .

In 1977 conservation and aesthetic considerations led the Belgian Commission for Monuments and Landscapes ( the agency responsible for the nation 's patrimony ) to initiate a campaign to strengthen the triptych 's physical support and clean its painted surfaces .
in 1977 conservation and aesthetic [thoughts] led the belgian commission for monuments and landscapes ( the agency responsible for the nation 's patrimony ) to initiate a campaign to strengthen the triptych 's physical support and clean its painted surfaces .

When one considers those settlements left undefended , it becomes evident that the choice was dictated by military and administrative considerations , rather than the protection of communities , however considerable in size and number .
when one considers those settlements left undefended , it becomes evident that the choice was dictated by military and administrative [thoughts] , rather than the protection of communities , however considerable in size and number .

The distinction was drawn in the following terms : both types of function involved the resolution of a dispute , but whereas the former involved resolution by recourse to law , the latter allowed and often required recourse to considerations of public policy .
the distinction was drawn in the following terms : both types of function involved the resolution of a dispute , but whereas the former involved resolution by recourse to law , the latter allowed and often required recourse to [thoughts] of public policy .

But three practical considerations should be noted .
but three practical [thoughts] should be noted .

What people think of the media in general and each medium in particular and the role or roles they perceive them to play in their lives and in society are important preliminary considerations which have to be studied .
what people think of the media in general and each medium in particular and the role or roles they perceive them to play in their lives and in society are important preliminary [thoughts] which have to be studied .

Judges present decisions behind the veil of abstract principle which often conceals the naked face of consequentialist considerations of loss distribution .
judges present decisions behind the veil of abstract principle which often conceals the naked face of consequentialist [thoughts] of loss distribution .

But we glimpse from time to time those considerations at work when courts examine the insurance position of the parties and reflect upon the implications of unlimited liability to an indeterminate number of plaintiffs .
but we glimpse from time to time those [thoughts] at work when courts examine the insurance position of the parties and reflect upon the implications of unlimited liability to an indeterminate number of plaintiffs .

The problem is that there is no satisfactory way of drawing a line between decisions of corporate managers which ought to be respected because they are based solely on the expertise of the directors and those which should be challenged as based on personal considerations or other non-corporate purposes .
the problem is that there is no satisfactory way of drawing a line between decisions of corporate managers which ought to be respected because they are based solely on the expertise of the directors and those which should be challenged as based on personal [thoughts] or other non-corporate purposes .

This difficulty in drawing a line between those decisions that are based on expertise and those that are influenced by personal or other non-corporate considerations means that we become suspicious of legal argument .
this difficulty in drawing a line between those decisions that are based on expertise and those that are influenced by personal or other non-corporate [thoughts] means that we become suspicious of legal argument .

These considerations suggest that conceptual analysis in criminal law is complex , turning upon philosophies of mind and action , theories of the social function of law or upon moral philosophy .
these [thoughts] suggest that conceptual analysis in criminal law is complex , turning upon philosophies of mind and action , theories of the social function of law or upon moral philosophy .

Similar considerations present themselves as regards ‘ rendering to each his due ’ .
similar [thoughts] present themselves as regards ‘ rendering to each his due ’ .

Similar considerations apply to the loans granted by the European Investment Bank under the title of urban renewal .
similar [thoughts] apply to the loans granted by the european investment bank under the title of urban renewal .

Economic interests always compete with cultural considerations .
economic interests always compete with cultural [thoughts] .

Is the modern housewife 's malaise due to deficiencies in her work environment ? Lack of proper equipment , inadequate housing — are such considerations in fact a cause of dissatisfaction ? Or is dissatisfaction actually unrelated to these features of the home as the workplace ?
is the modern housewife 's malaise due to deficiencies in her work environment ? lack of proper equipment , inadequate housing — are such [thoughts] in fact a cause of dissatisfaction ? or is dissatisfaction actually unrelated to these features of the home as the workplace ?

This can be one of the most important considerations of strategic plan .
this can be one of the most important [thoughts] of strategic plan .

Decorative considerations
decorative [thoughts]

Consequently , the prime considerations are colour , design and size .
consequently , the prime [thoughts] are colour , design and size .

Quality is determined by a combination of aesthetic and structural considerations .
quality is determined by a combination of aesthetic and structural [thoughts] .

Equally , political and commercial considerations should not be underestimated , particularly in the major rug-making centres , where the workshops have proved adept at modifying their produce to suit the buyer 's requirements .
equally , political and commercial [thoughts] should not be underestimated , particularly in the major rug-making centres , where the workshops have proved adept at modifying their produce to suit the buyer 's requirements .

In order properly to analyse the performance of the firm , we must also take account of these considerations .
in order properly to analyse the performance of the firm , we must also take account of these [thoughts] .

What really lay behind the council 's complaint was Gloucester 's willingness to put the maintenance of an affinity before financial considerations .
what really lay behind the council 's complaint was gloucester 's willingness to put the maintenance of an affinity before financial [thoughts] .

Female sexuality was necessarily therefore defined within these social and economic considerations , and it was in this context that the ‘ double standard ’ became an important adjunct of respectability .
female sexuality was necessarily therefore defined within these social and economic [thoughts] , and it was in this context that the ‘ double standard ’ became an important adjunct of respectability .

He also stresses that the new female values encouraged marriage for love rather than for prudential considerations , and maintains that women 's increasing search for sexual fulfilment pushed up the general fertility rate of lower-class marriages in the nineteenth century .
he also stresses that the new female values encouraged marriage for love rather than for prudential [thoughts] , and maintains that women 's increasing search for sexual fulfilment pushed up the general fertility rate of lower-class marriages in the nineteenth century .

Governments are expected by the public to have ‘ policies ’ , based upon general considerations and principles ; and they delegate the execution of those policies to their officials .
governments are expected by the public to have ‘ policies ’ , based upon general [thoughts] and principles ; and they delegate the execution of those policies to their officials .

Considerations of this kind probably help to account for some interesting changes in the tenure of offices during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries .
[thoughts] of this kind probably help to account for some interesting changes in the tenure of offices during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries .

The question which organization is best fitted to undertake a particular project should be determined not only by considerations of relative expertise and resources but also by reference to the type of instrument that is most likely to be effective .
the question which organization is best fitted to undertake a particular project should be determined not only by [thoughts] of relative expertise and resources but also by reference to the type of instrument that is most likely to be effective .

Mention has been made of two considerations relevant to the internationality test , namely simplicity and maximization of the scope of the Convention .
mention has been made of two [thoughts] relevant to the internationality test , namely simplicity and maximization of the scope of the convention .

Bills of exchange raise special transparency considerations , for it is a tenet of the law relating to such instruments that the terms of payment are to be found exclusively in the instrument itself , without reference to extraneous facts .
bills of exchange raise special transparency [thoughts] , for it is a tenet of the law relating to such instruments that the terms of payment are to be found exclusively in the instrument itself , without reference to extraneous facts .

where the issue is tangential and raises considerations going beyond the scope of the Convention or too complex to be covered in it .
where the issue is tangential and raises [thoughts] going beyond the scope of the convention or too complex to be covered in it .

At one level this can be seen in the attitude of the lawmakers , who consciously shape laws with commercial considerations in mind .
at one level this can be seen in the attitude of the lawmakers , who consciously shape laws with commercial [thoughts] in mind .

It should also be said that marketing considerations can come into the calculation .
it should also be said that marketing [thoughts] can come into the calculation .

When the Scottish physicist David Brewster protested against Lyell s principle of uniformity , he invoked biblical considerations to justify an alternative methodology .
when the scottish physicist david brewster protested against lyell s principle of uniformity , he invoked biblical [thoughts] to justify an alternative methodology .

Despite the impossibility of an objective assessment , there are , however , considerations that suggest that the conflict has been exaggerated in the interests of scientism and secularism .
despite the impossibility of an objective assessment , there are , however , [thoughts] that suggest that the conflict has been exaggerated in the interests of scientism and secularism .

Francis Bacon took that line when he suggested that , in seeking to understand the immediate causes of physical phenomena , the experimental philosopher should not be diverted by metaphysical considerations concerning the purpose of the phenomenon in question .
francis bacon took that line when he suggested that , in seeking to understand the immediate causes of physical phenomena , the experimental philosopher should not be diverted by metaphysical [thoughts] concerning the purpose of the phenomenon in question .

But the exclusion of theology could be inspired by purely pragmatic considerations .
but the exclusion of theology could be inspired by purely pragmatic [thoughts] .

In Kepler 's defense of Copernicus , mathematical , physical , and theological considerations all carried weight .
in kepler 's defense of copernicus , mathematical , physical , and theological [thoughts] all carried weight .

At the preparatory stage in drafting legislation civil servants will try to find a way of indicating Parliament 's intentions as to the sort of considerations of policy or fact that are to be treated as properly relevant to the decision , and the procedural requirements to be observed , but without tying the Minister 's hands too tightly in situations which can not be foreseen .
at the preparatory stage in drafting legislation civil servants will try to find a way of indicating parliament 's intentions as to the sort of [thoughts] of policy or fact that are to be treated as properly relevant to the decision , and the procedural requirements to be observed , but without tying the minister 's hands too tightly in situations which can not be foreseen .

Without being too censorious about the effects of presentational considerations on policy , the consequences can be double-edged .
without being too censorious about the effects of presentational [thoughts] on policy , the consequences can be double-edged .

As the Select Committee of 1930 pointed out in their Report , ‘ the evidence before the court is restricted to what is directly relative to the proof of the charge and excludes many weighty considerations that are thrown into the balance when the Home Secretary is advising on the Prerogative of Mercy ’ .
as the select committee of 1930 pointed out in their report , ‘ the evidence before the court is restricted to what is directly relative to the proof of the charge and excludes many weighty [thoughts] that are thrown into the balance when the home secretary is advising on the prerogative of mercy ’ .

Competitive imperatives drive firms ' choices of strategy and may , as we illustrate later on , have little to do with short-run considerations of national economic factors .
competitive imperatives drive firms ' choices of strategy and may , as we illustrate later on , have little to do with short-run [thoughts] of national economic factors .

Should considerations of efficiency dominate those of welfare ?
should [thoughts] of efficiency dominate those of welfare ?

The same considerations apply to the diversification of sources of supply for resource-seeking investors ( see , for example , Rugman , 1979 ; Vernon , 1983 ) .
the same [thoughts] apply to the diversification of sources of supply for resource-seeking investors ( see , for example , rugman , 1979 ; vernon , 1983 ) .

There are , to be sure , a growing list of exceptions , but seldom are oligopoly considerations far removed from the picture .
there are , to be sure , a growing list of exceptions , but seldom are oligopoly [thoughts] far removed from the picture .

Before getting to such details , we first review the general considerations of policy regimes .
before getting to such details , we first review the general [thoughts] of policy regimes .

Amongst the Fang of the Gabon , for instance , pregnant women are forbidden to eat squirrels due to quite other considerations :
amongst the fang of the gabon , for instance , pregnant women are forbidden to eat squirrels due to quite other [thoughts] :

It is one of the very few institutions where the shared goals overcome nationalist or racial considerations .
it is one of the very few institutions where the shared goals overcome nationalist or racial [thoughts] .

The civil condition is a moral or non-instrumental practice which is not concerned with substantive considerations .
the civil condition is a moral or non-instrumental practice which is not concerned with substantive [thoughts] .

What this mode of association requires for determining the jus of a law is not a set of abstract criteria but an appropriately argumentative form of discourse in which to deliberate the matter ; that is , a form of moral discourse , not concerned generally with right and wrong in conduct , but focused narrowly upon the kind of conditional obligations a law may impose , undistracted by prudential and consequential considerations , and insulated from the spurious claims of conscientious objectors , of minorities for exceptional treatment and , so far as may be , from current moral idiocies .
what this mode of association requires for determining the jus of a law is not a set of abstract criteria but an appropriately argumentative form of discourse in which to deliberate the matter ; that is , a form of moral discourse , not concerned generally with right and wrong in conduct , but focused narrowly upon the kind of conditional obligations a law may impose , undistracted by prudential and consequential [thoughts] , and insulated from the spurious claims of conscientious objectors , of minorities for exceptional treatment and , so far as may be , from current moral idiocies .

Rather they are considerations which should be taken into account by drivers in seeking to pursue their own destinations .
rather they are [thoughts] which should be taken into account by drivers in seeking to pursue their own destinations .

It is this attempt by Fabians and New Liberals to conjoin ethical and evolutionary considerations that led to the most sustained criticism of their theories . Such criticisms are perhaps most clearly and tersely summed up in Hawthorn 's assessment of Hobhouse :
it is this attempt by fabians and new liberals to conjoin ethical and evolutionary [thoughts] that led to the most sustained criticism of their theories . such criticisms are perhaps most clearly and tersely summed up in hawthorn 's assessment of hobhouse :

Despite such considerations , there has been concern that a neonatal diagnosis would interfere with the normal social and emotional growth and interaction of child and family .
despite such [thoughts] , there has been concern that a neonatal diagnosis would interfere with the normal social and emotional growth and interaction of child and family .

Our protocol ( available on request from the authors ) for the follow up of a positive test result was governed by three main considerations .
our protocol ( available on request from the authors ) for the follow up of a positive test result was governed by three main [thoughts] .

Despite these considerations , overall rates of sickness absence in the civil service are similar to , or lower than , those observed in other British organisations .
despite these [thoughts] , overall rates of sickness absence in the civil service are similar to , or lower than , those observed in other british organisations .

Such matters were occasionally raised in the interviews and always received vigorous denials that such considerations would ever influence decision making .
such matters were occasionally raised in the interviews and always received vigorous denials that such [thoughts] would ever influence decision making .

The following considerations must be allowed for :
the following [thoughts] must be allowed for :

Financial Considerations
financial [thoughts]

Individualism among today 's members of congress has also been heightened by electoral considerations .
individualism among today 's members of congress has also been heightened by electoral [thoughts] .

Members of Congress and senior administrators are moved by considerations other than the carrots and sticks available to a chief executive .
members of congress and senior administrators are moved by [thoughts] other than the carrots and sticks available to a chief executive .

These considerations , however , do not fully account for the failure of Ford 's presidency .
these [thoughts] , however , do not fully account for the failure of ford 's presidency .

So though modem research has tended to discredit the idea of a medieval aristocracy ‘ of service ’ , to insist on blue blood for the great lines of the tenth and eleventh centuries , and to see in the later eleventh and the twelfth centuries an ever-sharper patrilineal descent obliterating other considerations in family history , it should not be forgotten that at least one great princely house was encouraged to view its progress in quite other terms .
so though modem research has tended to discredit the idea of a medieval aristocracy ‘ of service ’ , to insist on blue blood for the great lines of the tenth and eleventh centuries , and to see in the later eleventh and the twelfth centuries an ever-sharper patrilineal descent obliterating other [thoughts] in family history , it should not be forgotten that at least one great princely house was encouraged to view its progress in quite other terms .

But even when princes did strive to fulfil this ideal , there were considerations which might subvert their intentions .
but even when princes did strive to fulfil this ideal , there were [thoughts] which might subvert their intentions .

There are no special considerations regarding ruggedness of the terminals , except that they should withstand the use which is to be expected in a busy department .
there are no special [thoughts] regarding ruggedness of the terminals , except that they should withstand the use which is to be expected in a busy department .

All these considerations make changes to the functions performed by the system , and the alteration of processing features , undesirable .
all these [thoughts] make changes to the functions performed by the system , and the alteration of processing features , undesirable .

Programming considerations
programming [thoughts]

Many other items could be added to this list ; reference 10 gives details of a number of considerations that the programmer needs to keep in mind .
many other items could be added to this list ; reference 10 gives details of a number of [thoughts] that the programmer needs to keep in mind .

Leaving aside considerations of compatibility with other computers , in what ways could the allocation of binary patterns to graphic symbols simplify the processing of character strings ?
leaving aside [thoughts] of compatibility with other computers , in what ways could the allocation of binary patterns to graphic symbols simplify the processing of character strings ?

This theory , developed by Frobenius , Molien , Schur and Burnside ( see [ 92 ] ) is of vital importance today [ 92 ] , [ 28 , Chapter 12 ] , [ 53 ] ) in the theory of finite groups and also in representing certain groups which arise naturally from symmetry considerations in chemistry and physics .
this theory , developed by frobenius , molien , schur and burnside ( see [ 92 ] ) is of vital importance today [ 92 ] , [ 28 , chapter 12 ] , [ 53 ] ) in the theory of finite groups and also in representing certain groups which arise naturally from symmetry [thoughts] in chemistry and physics .

Given all these considerations , some supposedly empirical , but others more clearly normative , Schumpeter concluded that the proper role of the people was to choose their rulers through competitive elections , and then leave them to get on with the business of governing .
given all these [thoughts] , some supposedly empirical , but others more clearly normative , schumpeter concluded that the proper role of the people was to choose their rulers through competitive elections , and then leave them to get on with the business of governing .

There are three main features of the task : ( a ) interpreting the scale of the diagram ; ( b ) appreciation of the positioning of furniture in relation to doors , windows etc ; and ( c ) general design considerations .
there are three main features of the task : ( a ) interpreting the scale of the diagram ; ( b ) appreciation of the positioning of furniture in relation to doors , windows etc ; and ( c ) general design [thoughts] .

Since considerations of probability are to the fore in one part of actual scientific practice bearing on causation , and there is little attempt to go beyond them , and there is to hand the Probability Calculus , we are invited to take it that causation can come to no more than probability .
since [thoughts] of probability are to the fore in one part of actual scientific practice bearing on causation , and there is little attempt to go beyond them , and there is to hand the probability calculus , we are invited to take it that causation can come to no more than probability .

This being so , Basil 's work amongst teachers extended well beyond the technical and creative considerations of teaching Art : to influencing and deepening the quality of personal relationships amongst those around him , especially through the warm human atmosphere he was able to imbue into his own , uniquely directed , residential courses .
this being so , basil 's work amongst teachers extended well beyond the technical and creative [thoughts] of teaching art : to influencing and deepening the quality of personal relationships amongst those around him , especially through the warm human atmosphere he was able to imbue into his own , uniquely directed , residential courses .

Political considerations may make it unlikely , even inconceivable that Parliament might legislate in a particular manner .
political [thoughts] may make it unlikely , even inconceivable that parliament might legislate in a particular manner .

No clear principles determine the allocation of disputes to these bodies although the greater the element of discretion and the more important the policy considerations , the less likely it is for the courts to take on the new area of responsibility .
no clear principles determine the allocation of disputes to these bodies although the greater the element of discretion and the more important the policy [thoughts] , the less likely it is for the courts to take on the new area of responsibility .

This could be as a result of considerations of national security .
this could be as a result of [thoughts] of national security .

The fear is that the police may have overmuch regard for public order considerations and impose such stringent conditions on holding the march as to make it ineffective as a form of protest .
the fear is that the police may have overmuch regard for public order [thoughts] and impose such stringent conditions on holding the march as to make it ineffective as a form of protest .

Irrelevant considerations
irrelevant [thoughts]

Rather it is an additional line of argument in cases where reliance is being placed on the fact that the decision is unreasonable or that irrelevant considerations have been taken into account .
rather it is an additional line of argument in cases where reliance is being placed on the fact that the decision is unreasonable or that irrelevant [thoughts] have been taken into account .

In practice , the courts do not like to rely on unreasonableness alone but rather to base the decision on the fact that irrelevant considerations have been taken into account , etc .
in practice , the courts do not like to rely on unreasonableness alone but rather to base the decision on the fact that irrelevant [thoughts] have been taken into account , etc .

Political considerations also played a part in the development of the aspects of cosmic gods .
political [thoughts] also played a part in the development of the aspects of cosmic gods .

That in view of the foregoing considerations we ask you to ask the Masters `` Association to delay any decision hurtful to the interests of women compositors until the women 's case has been given full consideration .
that in view of the foregoing [thoughts] we ask you to ask the masters `` association to delay any decision hurtful to the interests of women compositors until the women 's case has been given full consideration .

Similar considerations apply to " hosting " industrialists . Why does the school want them in ? What will they do ?
similar [thoughts] apply to " hosting " industrialists . why does the school want them in ? what will they do ?

9 . What are the health and safety considerations on Work Experience ?
9 . what are the health and safety [thoughts] on work experience ?

Exactly the same health and safety considerations obtain for students as for regular employees .
exactly the same health and safety [thoughts] obtain for students as for regular employees .

Most considerations have concentrated on certain aspects and left others to the imagination .
most [thoughts] have concentrated on certain aspects and left others to the imagination .

They often occur because of conflicting considerations producing inactivity .
they often occur because of conflicting [thoughts] producing inactivity .

These considerations emphasise the necessity of assessing each department 's staffing needs in much more detail , building up an ideal distribution of staff across the day to meet the expected peaks and troughs of work .
these [thoughts] emphasise the necessity of assessing each department 's staffing needs in much more detail , building up an ideal distribution of staff across the day to meet the expected peaks and troughs of work .

It is not a replacement for the considerations of staff mix described above .
it is not a replacement for the [thoughts] of staff mix described above .

Allowing for these considerations , the manager must attempt to match the availability of staff with the needs of patients , which in the main requires an even distribution of staff absence .
allowing for these [thoughts] , the manager must attempt to match the availability of staff with the needs of patients , which in the main requires an even distribution of staff absence .

If agreed at lower levels , it tends to increase the peaks and troughs and certainly does not permit the preceding considerations .
if agreed at lower levels , it tends to increase the peaks and troughs and certainly does not permit the preceding [thoughts] .

Apart from other considerations , many other almost insuperable obstacles , in order to get hold of Mike or her father she would have to go through switchboards and in her father 's case a secretary .
apart from other [thoughts] , many other almost insuperable obstacles , in order to get hold of mike or her father she would have to go through switchboards and in her father 's case a secretary .

Beyond this analysis there were more complex considerations .
beyond this analysis there were more complex [thoughts] .

Support for these generalisations will be given as we proceed , but we should be aware that descriptions of institutional change need to be understood in the light of political and theoretical considerations .
support for these generalisations will be given as we proceed , but we should be aware that descriptions of institutional change need to be understood in the light of political and theoretical [thoughts] .

When discussions on reorganisation began in the mid-1960s both these considerations were present .
when discussions on reorganisation began in the mid-1960s both these [thoughts] were present .

These considerations affected the boundaries of the new districts .
these [thoughts] affected the boundaries of the new districts .

The removal of the south Fife coalfield from a Lothian region based on Edinburgh has been criticised on similar political grounds to the slicing of Glamorgan into three counties : it appears to derive from considerations of Conservative Party advantage .
the removal of the south fife coalfield from a lothian region based on edinburgh has been criticised on similar political grounds to the slicing of glamorgan into three counties : it appears to derive from [thoughts] of conservative party advantage .

They are concerned , first , with the demoting of the former county boroughs and the consequent loss of the strengths that Redcliffe-Maud identified ; second , with more general questions of relations between the two tiers ; and third , with the party political considerations that cast shadows behind the curtain of official reports .
they are concerned , first , with the demoting of the former county boroughs and the consequent loss of the strengths that redcliffe-maud identified ; second , with more general questions of relations between the two tiers ; and third , with the party political [thoughts] that cast shadows behind the curtain of official reports .

Governments , too , have adopted a suitably objective approach in public , basing their arguments on considerations of administrative efficiency and democratic improvement .
governments , too , have adopted a suitably objective approach in public , basing their arguments on [thoughts] of administrative efficiency and democratic improvement .

Disputes over the role of the state and the extent of state provision of public services are at the heart of many political controversies , but there are other considerations affecting the special role of local government .
disputes over the role of the state and the extent of state provision of public services are at the heart of many political controversies , but there are other [thoughts] affecting the special role of local government .

The effect of these considerations on a specific service can be illustrated by education .
the effect of these [thoughts] on a specific service can be illustrated by education .

The Layfield Committee suggested two principal considerations .
the layfield committee suggested two principal [thoughts] .

In addition to these considerations of Layfield , the collection of the tax should not be excessively costly or present substantial new administrative problems .
in addition to these [thoughts] of layfield , the collection of the tax should not be excessively costly or present substantial new administrative problems .

The influence of national political considerations on local electoral behaviour is so marked that Newton considers that ‘ the term ‘ local election ’ is something of a misnomer … .
the influence of national political [thoughts] on local electoral behaviour is so marked that newton considers that ‘ the term ‘ local election ’ is something of a misnomer … .

With all these formal and informal constraints , we can see that pure freedom for the individual actor is very unlikely ; considering all these expectations and controls that surround us , Berger 's portrayal of society as a prison begins to seem plausible : ‘ Our considerations of the sociological perspective have led us to a point where society looks more like a gigantic Alcatraz than anything else ’ ( Berger , 1966 , p. 107 ) .
with all these formal and informal constraints , we can see that pure freedom for the individual actor is very unlikely ; considering all these expectations and controls that surround us , berger 's portrayal of society as a prison begins to seem plausible : ‘ our [thoughts] of the sociological perspective have led us to a point where society looks more like a gigantic alcatraz than anything else ’ ( berger , 1966 , p. 107 ) .

Much more pressing considerations may produce a sullen acceptance of the existing social order which entails no strong commitment to the status quo .
much more pressing [thoughts] may produce a sullen acceptance of the existing social order which entails no strong commitment to the status quo .

In spite of these considerations , Weber certainly did regard capitalism as a class society — economic relations form the basis of inequality .
in spite of these [thoughts] , weber certainly did regard capitalism as a class society — economic relations form the basis of inequality .

Nevertheless , considerations such as ‘ career development ’ find their way into the Church as elsewhere .
nevertheless , [thoughts] such as ‘ career development ’ find their way into the church as elsewhere .

But as family size may not be tending to zero , it is evident that income and material benefits are not the only considerations in determining family size .
but as family size may not be tending to zero , it is evident that income and material benefits are not the only [thoughts] in determining family size .

Such considerations are far from the traditional pre-occupations of demography .
such [thoughts] are far from the traditional pre-occupations of demography .

However , When we come to more detailed considerations — such as exactly where this ‘ golden age ’ is to be located in real historical time — then we are confronted with such a disorderly jumble of datemarks and vague historical allusion as to allow for wide margins of disagreement even among dedicated ‘ law-and-order ’ enthusiasts .
however , when we come to more detailed [thoughts] — such as exactly where this ‘ golden age ’ is to be located in real historical time — then we are confronted with such a disorderly jumble of datemarks and vague historical allusion as to allow for wide margins of disagreement even among dedicated ‘ law-and-order ’ enthusiasts .

Whether or not The Times did seriously entertain the possibility of vigilante self-defence , there were indeed serious considerations placed before its readers during the alarms of 1856 .
whether or not the times did seriously entertain the possibility of vigilante self-defence , there were indeed serious [thoughts] placed before its readers during the alarms of 1856 .

The debate on the Bill to bring back whipping was a thoroughly undignified affair in which the principles of the matter seemed to count less than considerations such as the size and weight of the flogging instrument to be used : calculations made necessary no less by the desire to limit the discretion of ‘ judges infected by maudlin sentimentality ’ , than by the requirement that it should measure up to the brutes who were ‘ so degraded , that they could only be deterred by forcible appeals to their fear of physical pain ’ .
the debate on the bill to bring back whipping was a thoroughly undignified affair in which the principles of the matter seemed to count less than [thoughts] such as the size and weight of the flogging instrument to be used : calculations made necessary no less by the desire to limit the discretion of ‘ judges infected by maudlin sentimentality ’ , than by the requirement that it should measure up to the brutes who were ‘ so degraded , that they could only be deterred by forcible appeals to their fear of physical pain ’ .

In a short campaigning season curtailed by either seasonal or financial considerations , or by both , the advantage did not lie with the attacker who , if he began a siege , risked being caught between the place he was seeking to capture and ( a constant fear ) a force coming to relieve the besieged .
in a short campaigning season curtailed by either seasonal or financial [thoughts] , or by both , the advantage did not lie with the attacker who , if he began a siege , risked being caught between the place he was seeking to capture and ( a constant fear ) a force coming to relieve the besieged .

The first , comprising Chapters 2–4 , introduces the main debates in International Relations and the philosophical considerations which bear on them .
the first , comprising chapters 2–4 , introduces the main debates in international relations and the philosophical [thoughts] which bear on them .

Secondly , Morgenthau says that what is needed to find our way by this map is the concept of interest , defined in terms of the concept of power . The concept of international power demarcates international politics as an autonomous sphere of action , and implies that ethical considerations are of little use in understanding the actions of states :
secondly , morgenthau says that what is needed to find our way by this map is the concept of interest , defined in terms of the concept of power . the concept of international power demarcates international politics as an autonomous sphere of action , and implies that ethical [thoughts] are of little use in understanding the actions of states :

By defining interest in terms of power , Realism gives primacy to political considerations .
by defining interest in terms of power , realism gives primacy to political [thoughts] .

According to this view , Idealism had made the mistake of subordinating political considerations to moral considerations .
according to this view , idealism had made the mistake of subordinating political [thoughts] to moral [thoughts] .

But some depend on a specific view of science , notably that there are objective and timeless laws at work and that normative considerations are to be excluded .
but some depend on a specific view of science , notably that there are objective and timeless laws at work and that normative [thoughts] are to be excluded .

These conflicting considerations are both to be taken seriously .
these conflicting [thoughts] are both to be taken seriously .

Alternatively , however , it may be that considerations of meaning take us beyond the scope of scientific method .
alternatively , however , it may be that [thoughts] of meaning take us beyond the scope of scientific method .

This is clear in Morgenthau 's work , where he argues that the requirements of national interest drive out ideological considerations in the formulation of foreign policy .
this is clear in morgenthau 's work , where he argues that the requirements of national interest drive out ideological [thoughts] in the formulation of foreign policy .

However , such forecasts about trends in drug-taking behaviour are , of necessity , based on several untested assumptions , and also need to be evaluated in the light of various practical considerations .
however , such forecasts about trends in drug-taking behaviour are , of necessity , based on several untested assumptions , and also need to be evaluated in the light of various practical [thoughts] .

There is a readily identified ‘ central government interest ’ within the state of destination where considerations of sovereignty may be seen to be involved and where some knowledge of the nature of the documents is necessary if the state of destination is to be sure that its public policy ( e.g .
there is a readily identified ‘ central government interest ’ within the state of destination where [thoughts] of sovereignty may be seen to be involved and where some knowledge of the nature of the documents is necessary if the state of destination is to be sure that its public policy ( e.g .

But these distinctions and considerations were not expressly addressed in the Convention 's negotiating process and so do not feature explicitly in its text .
but these distinctions and [thoughts] were not expressly addressed in the convention 's negotiating process and so do not feature explicitly in its text .

It would seem that different considerations apply in the exceptional cases in which discovery may be obtained from a third party .
it would seem that different [thoughts] apply in the exceptional cases in which discovery may be obtained from a third party .

Similar considerations apply in the case in which English proceedings are stayed to give effect to an arbitration agreement .
similar [thoughts] apply in the case in which english proceedings are stayed to give effect to an arbitration agreement .

In a later phase in the same litigation , the Court of Appeal held that it had jurisdiction in appropriate cases to order the transfer of assets subject to a Mareva injunction from one foreign country to another , enforcement considerations being especially relevant .
in a later phase in the same litigation , the court of appeal held that it had jurisdiction in appropriate cases to order the transfer of assets subject to a mareva injunction from one foreign country to another , enforcement [thoughts] being especially relevant .

( e ) other considerations .
( e ) other [thoughts] .

Considerations of comity dictated a practice of judicial self-restraint , which meant in effect that a party seeking to obtain evidence abroad in a Hague Convention county must resort first to the procedures provided by the Convention .
[thoughts] of comity dictated a practice of judicial self-restraint , which meant in effect that a party seeking to obtain evidence abroad in a hague convention county must resort first to the procedures provided by the convention .

Related considerations led a number of courts to distinguish between party and non-party witnesses . Although this distinction has no basis in the text of the Convention , it was argued that if the person required to produce material or provide a deposition were a party subject to the in personam jurisdiction of the United States courts then the Convention did not offer any protection
related [thoughts] led a number of courts to distinguish between party and non-party witnesses . although this distinction has no basis in the text of the convention , it was argued that if the person required to produce material or provide a deposition were a party subject to the in personam jurisdiction of the united states courts then the convention did not offer any protection

In most subsequent cases , it became clear that considerations of comity would not prevail against the usual procedures of the Federal Rules so long as deponents or documents were to be produced within the United States , from whatever source .
in most subsequent cases , it became clear that [thoughts] of comity would not prevail against the usual procedures of the federal rules so long as deponents or documents were to be produced within the united states , from whatever source .

Its position was that considerations of comity should be fully addressed before discovery should be allowed to proceed by means not fully recognised by the foreign sovereign State concerned .
its position was that [thoughts] of comity should be fully addressed before discovery should be allowed to proceed by means not fully recognised by the foreign sovereign state concerned .

These include considerations of the completeness of the system 's coverage and the delay in making the data available .
these include [thoughts] of the completeness of the system 's coverage and the delay in making the data available .

Youth was , for Conrad , a period all too brief when romance prevailed over practical considerations , when it flourished because of inexperience and for want of maturity .
youth was , for conrad , a period all too brief when romance prevailed over practical [thoughts] , when it flourished because of inexperience and for want of maturity .

These otherworldly concerns gave way to more earthly considerations when Diana took the Common Entrance exam to enable her to follow in the footsteps of her sisters , Sarah and Jane , at West Heath boarding school set in 32 acres of parkland and woods outside Sevenoaks in Kent .
these otherworldly concerns gave way to more earthly [thoughts] when diana took the common entrance exam to enable her to follow in the footsteps of her sisters , sarah and jane , at west heath boarding school set in 32 acres of parkland and woods outside sevenoaks in kent .

Although considerations of cost should be considered , they should not dominate the debate .
although [thoughts] of cost should be considered , they should not dominate the debate .

These considerations are important now that modern clinical anaesthesia uses low concentrations of volatile anaesthetics which abolish consciousness but may still allow sensitisation of the cord unless nociceptive input is otherwise reduced — a concern voiced 80 years ago by Crile .
these [thoughts] are important now that modern clinical anaesthesia uses low concentrations of volatile anaesthetics which abolish consciousness but may still allow sensitisation of the cord unless nociceptive input is otherwise reduced — a concern voiced 80 years ago by crile .

As to the conflict between consultants ' ethical and contractual obligations , it is surely the case that because of the vulnerability of patients , and to maintain patients ' trust , doctors must always put ethical considerations first .
as to the conflict between consultants ' ethical and contractual obligations , it is surely the case that because of the vulnerability of patients , and to maintain patients ' trust , doctors must always put ethical [thoughts] first .

Underlying Hughes 's paper are questions about how children figure in political debate , what problems the considerations about children bring to light , whether these problems have any special significance for women , and whether women 's new awareness of their own political situation can be used effectively in thinking about children .
underlying hughes 's paper are questions about how children figure in political debate , what problems the [thoughts] about children bring to light , whether these problems have any special significance for women , and whether women 's new awareness of their own political situation can be used effectively in thinking about children .

Any judgment on the preferability of fixed or floating exchange rates must take into account these considerations and recognize that it is a matter of balancing advantages against disadvantages .
any judgment on the preferability of fixed or floating exchange rates must take into account these [thoughts] and recognize that it is a matter of balancing advantages against disadvantages .

Two other considerations relevant to the conduct of fiscal policy also should be mentioned .
two other [thoughts] relevant to the conduct of fiscal policy also should be mentioned .

Objectives have been defined already in Section 12.1 , where it was stated that priorities are decided by the policy-maker in line with political , social , and other considerations .
objectives have been defined already in section 12.1 , where it was stated that priorities are decided by the policy-maker in line with political , social , and other [thoughts] .

But despite some concessions made to access considerations , there has been little evidence that he will change his mind .
but despite some concessions made to access [thoughts] , there has been little evidence that he will change his mind .

But an office , enclosed as it is by such tawdry considerations as walls , is not his natural habitat .
but an office , enclosed as it is by such tawdry [thoughts] as walls , is not his natural habitat .

Night working is also being used more commonly when environmental and safety considerations permit .
night working is also being used more commonly when environmental and safety [thoughts] permit .

Cityscape , Hight Corners , and Terraces , has plenty of examples and demonstrations as well as introduces specific technical considerations and encourages us to look at and study architectural characteristics .
cityscape , hight corners , and terraces , has plenty of examples and demonstrations as well as introduces specific technical [thoughts] and encourages us to look at and study architectural characteristics .

This is not , however , to suggest that assessment considerations should be the overriding factor in the development of qualifications .
this is not , however , to suggest that assessment [thoughts] should be the overriding factor in the development of qualifications .

However , similar problems can arise with regard to kitchen units and fitted bedroom furniture , etc and similar considerations apply .
however , similar problems can arise with regard to kitchen units and fitted bedroom furniture , etc and similar [thoughts] apply .

In response to strong representations from the President , the Secretary of State for the Environment , Mr Michael Howard , agreed to further considerations before any date was fixed for its introduction .
in response to strong representations from the president , the secretary of state for the environment , mr michael howard , agreed to further [thoughts] before any date was fixed for its introduction .

The overall quality of the operation , and therefore its current value as a lending risk , is assessed by the valuer from every relevant viewpoint — the calibre , presentation and situation of the premises , current and potential competition , likely or possible changes in the local development plan , possible changes in the demography of the area and other commercial considerations .
the overall quality of the operation , and therefore its current value as a lending risk , is assessed by the valuer from every relevant viewpoint — the calibre , presentation and situation of the premises , current and potential competition , likely or possible changes in the local development plan , possible changes in the demography of the area and other commercial [thoughts] .

Given the marked difference between non-enrollers and migrants in regarding financial considerations , it is not surprising that non-enrollers were more likely to want more financial support and financial advice .
given the marked difference between non-enrollers and migrants in regarding financial [thoughts] , it is not surprising that non-enrollers were more likely to want more financial support and financial advice .

to allow the considerations for and provisions of the emergent Structure Plan Review , insofar as they had status , to be given some , but no overriding , value in the consideration of the merits of this appeal .
to allow the [thoughts] for and provisions of the emergent structure plan review , insofar as they had status , to be given some , but no overriding , value in the consideration of the merits of this appeal .

The following considerations of Council Tax structures and staffing levels are based on the assumption that ‘ Office Power ’ ( or some similar package ) and Imaging system is provided and available before the end of the 1992 .
the following [thoughts] of council tax structures and staffing levels are based on the assumption that ‘ office power ’ ( or some similar package ) and imaging system is provided and available before the end of the 1992 .

But these considerations which , as we shall see later in this book , are of the utmost significance for our principal theme , also touch on a paradox to which the reader 's attention must be drawn .
but these [thoughts] which , as we shall see later in this book , are of the utmost significance for our principal theme , also touch on a paradox to which the reader 's attention must be drawn .

Such considerations were probably crucial before initiation ritual developed to deal with the conflicts between sons and fathers ; but even after such conflicts had become institutionalized and ritualized neoteny had an important role to play in postponing the age of initiation by opening up that gap in human psycho-sexual development which Freud called the latency period and which , as we shall see , is an important factor in considering the social and mental health of modern societies .
such [thoughts] were probably crucial before initiation ritual developed to deal with the conflicts between sons and fathers ; but even after such conflicts had become institutionalized and ritualized neoteny had an important role to play in postponing the age of initiation by opening up that gap in human psycho-sexual development which freud called the latency period and which , as we shall see , is an important factor in considering the social and mental health of modern societies .

Such considerations as these suggest that the feat of Gilgamesh in cutting down the cedar forest , besides its undoubted socio-economic significance ( wood was scarce in Uruk , and kings had to be great builders ) , was really one of successful symbolic castration of the phallic mother — in other words , the son 's successful defence of his own masculinity .
such [thoughts] as these suggest that the feat of gilgamesh in cutting down the cedar forest , besides its undoubted socio-economic significance ( wood was scarce in uruk , and kings had to be great builders ) , was really one of successful symbolic castration of the phallic mother — in other words , the son 's successful defence of his own masculinity .

Nevertheless , in the light of these considerations it is hard to escape the impression that , like the Venus of Willendorf , or the many-breasted Diana of Ephesus , the modern welfare state has become the re-embodiment of the primal mother , the abstract , secular , bureaucratic equivalent of the mother-as-breast .
nevertheless , in the light of these [thoughts] it is hard to escape the impression that , like the venus of willendorf , or the many-breasted diana of ephesus , the modern welfare state has become the re-embodiment of the primal mother , the abstract , secular , bureaucratic equivalent of the mother-as-breast .

The courses offered try to strike a balance between literary history in the traditional sense and approaches that involve multi-cultural , theoretical , and interdisciplinary considerations ; but the whole of the department 's activity is controlled by the conviction that literature is an art , and that its proper study is inseparable from whole-hearted enjoyment and appreciation .
the courses offered try to strike a balance between literary history in the traditional sense and approaches that involve multi-cultural , theoretical , and interdisciplinary [thoughts] ; but the whole of the department 's activity is controlled by the conviction that literature is an art , and that its proper study is inseparable from whole-hearted enjoyment and appreciation .

Such considerations are relevant for the ways in which TNCs set out to create ‘ comprador bourgeoisies ’ ( and ‘ comprador proletariats ’ in some cases ) as specific elements in the transnational capitalist class in their Third World operations .
such [thoughts] are relevant for the ways in which tncs set out to create ‘ comprador bourgeoisies ’ ( and ‘ comprador proletariats ’ in some cases ) as specific elements in the transnational capitalist class in their third world operations .

What really lay behind the council 's complaint was Gloucester 's willingness to put the maintenance of an affinity before financial considerations .
what really lay behind the council 's complaint was gloucester 's willingness to put the maintenance of an affinity before financial [thoughts] .

The idea of designing the layout of a town for aesthetic and practical considerations , of providing order and convenience for the social and defensive needs of its citizens , is an old one .
the idea of designing the layout of a town for aesthetic and practical [thoughts] , of providing order and convenience for the social and defensive needs of its citizens , is an old one .

Popular movements between the late fourteenth and the early sixteenth centuries are best understood in the broader context of developments in peasant society , even although most such risings seem to have been prompted by political or fiscal considerations rather than by social grievances .
popular movements between the late fourteenth and the early sixteenth centuries are best understood in the broader context of developments in peasant society , even although most such risings seem to have been prompted by political or fiscal [thoughts] rather than by social grievances .

Political and financial considerations were probably responsible for keeping the Staple at Calais ; in strictly economic terms it might have been more advantageous if it had been moved closer to the rising Dutch cloth towns .
political and financial [thoughts] were probably responsible for keeping the staple at calais ; in strictly economic terms it might have been more advantageous if it had been moved closer to the rising dutch cloth towns .

The whole question was given a fresh airing in the March issue of the Journal of Medical Ethics , and if ethical considerations prove indecisive perhaps legal pressures might exert an untypically beneficial influence in persuading all doctors to give their patients the best professional counsel .
the whole question was given a fresh airing in the march issue of the journal of medical ethics , and if ethical [thoughts] prove indecisive perhaps legal pressures might exert an untypically beneficial influence in persuading all doctors to give their patients the best professional counsel .

Like their Sudanese counterparts , senior medical figures throughout the Arab world are concerned that this decision is based more on political than academic considerations , and they have pointed out that most medical literature is published in English , and that even some Arab medical journals are published in English with a section in Arabic .
like their sudanese counterparts , senior medical figures throughout the arab world are concerned that this decision is based more on political than academic [thoughts] , and they have pointed out that most medical literature is published in english , and that even some arab medical journals are published in english with a section in arabic .

Such considerations make the ‘ voluntary — do n't have to worry about income inequality ’ view look somewhat forced .
such [thoughts] make the ‘ voluntary — do n't have to worry about income inequality ’ view look somewhat forced .

Moreover , readers by now will not be surprised to learn that political considerations ( rather than goods-specific externalities ) have been picked out in order to explain the selection of other forms of subsidies than cash transfers ( Browning 1975 ) .
moreover , readers by now will not be surprised to learn that political [thoughts] ( rather than goods-specific externalities ) have been picked out in order to explain the selection of other forms of subsidies than cash transfers ( browning 1975 ) .

However , short-run political considerations suggest that point 3 will be the outcome .
however , short-run political [thoughts] suggest that point 3 will be the outcome .

Second , there is empirical work which looks for evidence that fiscal considerations play any part at all in the decision of individuals to reside in a particular locality .
second , there is empirical work which looks for evidence that fiscal [thoughts] play any part at all in the decision of individuals to reside in a particular locality .

The mechanism functions only if fiscal considerations play a decisive role in location choice .
the mechanism functions only if fiscal [thoughts] play a decisive role in location choice .

It has been alleged that the assumption that only fiscal considerations are important ‘ makes the voting by feet hypothesis somewhat unrealistic , except in a setting where people work in the inner city and may choose among the suburbs for residence ’ ( Musgrave and Musgrave 1989 , p. 453 ) .
it has been alleged that the assumption that only fiscal [thoughts] are important ‘ makes the voting by feet hypothesis somewhat unrealistic , except in a setting where people work in the inner city and may choose among the suburbs for residence ’ ( musgrave and musgrave 1989 , p. 453 ) .

Housing considerations are also important .
housing [thoughts] are also important .

While not exclusive , public choice considerations stand proud in this list .
while not exclusive , public choice [thoughts] stand proud in this list .

The reason could be based on considerations of either equity or efficiency .
the reason could be based on [thoughts] of either equity or efficiency .

Yet there are ways in which other more practical considerations can be brought into consideration .
yet there are ways in which other more practical [thoughts] can be brought into consideration .

Administrative considerations , which look for the best assignment of tasks within a hierarchical structure , can in this way augment other considerations outlined above .
administrative [thoughts] , which look for the best assignment of tasks within a hierarchical structure , can in this way augment other [thoughts] outlined above .

The result is that tasks such as redistribution , which in the fiscal federalism literature are seen as a prerogative of central government , may ( given the imperfections of the Tiebout mechanism and the informational requirements of administration ) be shown to be better pursued at a lower level of government when broader considerations are taken into account .
the result is that tasks such as redistribution , which in the fiscal federalism literature are seen as a prerogative of central government , may ( given the imperfections of the tiebout mechanism and the informational requirements of administration ) be shown to be better pursued at a lower level of government when broader [thoughts] are taken into account .

While such considerations as those outlined by Helm and Smith may amend the prescriptions of basic fiscal federalism theory , it is a matter of concern when some of the staple prescriptions are flaunted .
while such [thoughts] as those outlined by helm and smith may amend the prescriptions of basic fiscal federalism theory , it is a matter of concern when some of the staple prescriptions are flaunted .

Although some elements of taxation are based on benefit considerations , the bulk of taxation is designed to conform to ‘ ability to pay ’ , the interpretation of which is no easy matter .
although some elements of taxation are based on benefit [thoughts] , the bulk of taxation is designed to conform to ‘ ability to pay ’ , the interpretation of which is no easy matter .

Tax liabilities should not be arbitrary or uncertain ( visibility and compliance cost considerations ) .
tax liabilities should not be arbitrary or uncertain ( visibility and compliance cost [thoughts] ) .

Before considering another approach , it is interesting to note that the objectives broadly correspond to Sandmo 's ( 1976 ) introductory discussion of what might be meant by an optimal tax with the efficiency ( excess burdens ) approach being identified with the economist , the equity considerations with the ‘ man in the street ’ and the ‘ control ’ point with the tax administrator 's viewpoint .
before considering another approach , it is interesting to note that the objectives broadly correspond to sandmo 's ( 1976 ) introductory discussion of what might be meant by an optimal tax with the efficiency ( excess burdens ) approach being identified with the economist , the equity [thoughts] with the ‘ man in the street ’ and the ‘ control ’ point with the tax administrator 's viewpoint .

If anything , these considerations suggest that the ‘ allowance ’ was in the wrong direction .
if anything , these [thoughts] suggest that the ‘ allowance ’ was in the wrong direction .

Environmental Considerations
environmental [thoughts]

Quite apart from any ethical considerations of indulging in vicarious blood lust , the parameters of these films are staked out by men , they 're the male view of what women want .
quite apart from any ethical [thoughts] of indulging in vicarious blood lust , the parameters of these films are staked out by men , they 're the male view of what women want .

For convenience company accounts are examined but similar considerations would apply to other business entities .
for convenience company accounts are examined but similar [thoughts] would apply to other business entities .

Factors which must be taken into account when evaluating potential financial structures include tax and legal considerations and the credit-worthiness of participants .
factors which must be taken into account when evaluating potential financial structures include tax and legal [thoughts] and the credit-worthiness of participants .

The management of the project and procedures to resolve disputes are also important considerations .
the management of the project and procedures to resolve disputes are also important [thoughts] .

Ethical considerations are far more difficult to rationalist .
ethical [thoughts] are far more difficult to rationalist .

Considerations to be explored at the December conference included the scope of union , for example the degree of further transfer of competence ; the functioning of the institutions , for example the strengthening of the Commission with regard to implementing Community policies ; strengthening democratic control and accountability for member-states , possibly via increased involvement of the European Parliament or of national parliaments ; and the application and definition of the principle of `` subsidiarity `` .
[thoughts] to be explored at the december conference included the scope of union , for example the degree of further transfer of competence ; the functioning of the institutions , for example the strengthening of the commission with regard to implementing community policies ; strengthening democratic control and accountability for member-states , possibly via increased involvement of the european parliament or of national parliaments ; and the application and definition of the principle of `` subsidiarity `` .

Whereas the Republican party was eager to exploit the issue in the run-up to the November congressional elections , leading Democrats sought to distance it from party considerations but promised to facilitate an early congressional vote on the subject of a constitutional amendment .
whereas the republican party was eager to exploit the issue in the run-up to the november congressional elections , leading democrats sought to distance it from party [thoughts] but promised to facilitate an early congressional vote on the subject of a constitutional amendment .

In a June 4 editorial entitled Stability overrides all other considerations , Renmin Ribao ( the People 's Daily ) , the Communist Party newspaper , commented that `` China would be in great chaos now `` if the 1989 `` rebellion `` had not been quelled .
in a june 4 editorial entitled stability overrides all other [thoughts] , renmin ribao ( the people 's daily ) , the communist party newspaper , commented that `` china would be in great chaos now `` if the 1989 `` rebellion `` had not been quelled .

The mutineers ' objectives , broadcast before the armed forces regained control of the situation , appeared to indicate that they were motivated by religious and regional considerations .
the mutineers ' objectives , broadcast before the armed forces regained control of the situation , appeared to indicate that they were motivated by religious and regional [thoughts] .

In pursuing economic reform , ecological considerations would be a basic criterion ; the government would create a competitive environment , liberalize prices and foreign trade , privatize a large part of the state sector and develop the private economy , while seeking to limit inflation , unemployment and foreign debt .
in pursuing economic reform , ecological [thoughts] would be a basic criterion ; the government would create a competitive environment , liberalize prices and foreign trade , privatize a large part of the state sector and develop the private economy , while seeking to limit inflation , unemployment and foreign debt .

King Hussein 's decision not to follow Egypt 's pro-Western path was heavily influenced by internal considerations .
king hussein 's decision not to follow egypt 's pro-western path was heavily influenced by internal [thoughts] .

It emerged that these included some 70 MPs , and anti-nuclear lobbyists and feminist leaders as well as terrorist suspects , and that the information contained in the files included details unrelated to any security considerations , such as foreign travel and participation in legal political activities .
it emerged that these included some 70 mps , and anti-nuclear lobbyists and feminist leaders as well as terrorist suspects , and that the information contained in the files included details unrelated to any security [thoughts] , such as foreign travel and participation in legal political activities .

Various considerations however undermine the force of this objection to religion .
various [thoughts] however undermine the force of this objection to religion .

Scholars such as Plumb , Holmes and Speck have painted a picture of an independent and politically aware electorate whose voting behaviour was swayed by considerations of party allegiance and their attitudes towards the political issues of the day .
scholars such as plumb , holmes and speck have painted a picture of an independent and politically aware electorate whose voting behaviour was swayed by [thoughts] of party allegiance and their attitudes towards the political issues of the day .

We need to analyse the interaction between electors , whose attitudes have already been influenced by a variety of considerations ( ranging from their own sense of both national and local political issues , down to whatever perception they might have concerning their need to accommodate themselves to their social superiors ) , and the party electioneers , who were determined to influence the electorate in whatever way they thought fit ( which invariably meant a combination of political propaganda and various forms of manipulation , bribery and intimidation ) .
we need to analyse the interaction between electors , whose attitudes have already been influenced by a variety of [thoughts] ( ranging from their own sense of both national and local political issues , down to whatever perception they might have concerning their need to accommodate themselves to their social superiors ) , and the party electioneers , who were determined to influence the electorate in whatever way they thought fit ( which invariably meant a combination of political propaganda and various forms of manipulation , bribery and intimidation ) .

Partisan considerations generated considerable passion at several of the General Elections of Anne 's reign .
partisan [thoughts] generated considerable passion at several of the general elections of anne 's reign .

Further considerations and suggestions
further [thoughts] and suggestions

Borrowing and lending stock is officially regulated as there are both prudential and tax considerations : GEMMs are approved lenders and approved borrowers .
borrowing and lending stock is officially regulated as there are both prudential and tax [thoughts] : gemms are approved lenders and approved borrowers .

It is primarily such long-term considerations which have led the Bank to adopt a particular approach to the issuing and selling of new government securities .
it is primarily such long-term [thoughts] which have led the bank to adopt a particular approach to the issuing and selling of new government securities .

But Eisenhower was also powerfully influenced by international considerations .
but eisenhower was also powerfully influenced by international [thoughts] .

Although the sterling crisis which followed the budget of 11 November 1964 alerted more ministers to the economic realities , Labour 's tiny majority and the need to go to the country again as soon as possible meant that all too often electoral considerations were given priority ( as they had been by the Tories earlier in 1964 ) over economic policy .
although the sterling crisis which followed the budget of 11 november 1964 alerted more ministers to the economic realities , labour 's tiny majority and the need to go to the country again as soon as possible meant that all too often electoral [thoughts] were given priority ( as they had been by the tories earlier in 1964 ) over economic policy .

Financial considerations may have played as big a part as stupidity in explaining the military administration 's failure to switch from smooth-bore to rifled muskets before the Crimean War .
financial [thoughts] may have played as big a part as stupidity in explaining the military administration 's failure to switch from smooth-bore to rifled muskets before the crimean war .

Five considerations , three of them long-standing , two novel , seem to have been particularly important : pressure from reform-minded people outside the ranks of the government ; the growing influence of enlightened bureaucrats in the Ministry of Internal Affairs ; unrest in the countryside ; chaos within and among the provincial gentry committees ; and the unpredictable swing to the left of Iakov Rostovtsev , one of the key traditionalists on the Main Committee .
five [thoughts] , three of them long-standing , two novel , seem to have been particularly important : pressure from reform-minded people outside the ranks of the government ; the growing influence of enlightened bureaucrats in the ministry of internal affairs ; unrest in the countryside ; chaos within and among the provincial gentry committees ; and the unpredictable swing to the left of iakov rostovtsev , one of the key traditionalists on the main committee .

Even the longstanding considerations ( the first three ) took forms in 1858 which increased their weight , but it was probably the last two that tipped the balance in favour of the radical solution .
even the longstanding [thoughts] ( the first three ) took forms in 1858 which increased their weight , but it was probably the last two that tipped the balance in favour of the radical solution .

More generally , the development of eurobond markets in a variety of currencies ( see section 5.1.4 below ) can largely be attributed to the imposition of withholding taxes , listing , disclosure and other regulatory requirements in domestic markets , all of which made development of an offshore market attractive ( although another factor was the increased importance of currency considerations in balance-sheet management , with the end of fixed exchange rates ) .
more generally , the development of eurobond markets in a variety of currencies ( see section 5.1.4 below ) can largely be attributed to the imposition of withholding taxes , listing , disclosure and other regulatory requirements in domestic markets , all of which made development of an offshore market attractive ( although another factor was the increased importance of currency [thoughts] in balance-sheet management , with the end of fixed exchange rates ) .

No peace congress of the seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries was unaffected by considerations of this kind .
no peace congress of the seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries was unaffected by [thoughts] of this kind .

In relations between the German states , in which legalistic considerations so often bulked large , Latin held its ground longer than in Europe generally .
in relations between the german states , in which legalistic [thoughts] so often bulked large , latin held its ground longer than in europe generally .

Lord Lyons , who was given the Paris embassy in 1867 , has been called `` the first major British diplomat who owed his appointment to professional rather than political considerations `` .
lord lyons , who was given the paris embassy in 1867 , has been called `` the first major british diplomat who owed his appointment to professional rather than political [thoughts] `` .

From the 1850s and more particularly the 1870s onwards military considerations — new weapons , the importance of rapid and effective mobilisation in case of war , the balance of military and to a lesser extent naval power in general — were more prominent and pervasive than in the past .
from the 1850s and more particularly the 1870s onwards military [thoughts] — new weapons , the importance of rapid and effective mobilisation in case of war , the balance of military and to a lesser extent naval power in general — were more prominent and pervasive than in the past .

More importantly , the amalgamation of consular with diplomatic services , the ending of the inferior status to which the former ( and therefore by implication all commercial considerations ) had traditionally been relegated , had for long been a favourite panacea of reformers in several countries .
more importantly , the amalgamation of consular with diplomatic services , the ending of the inferior status to which the former ( and therefore by implication all commercial [thoughts] ) had traditionally been relegated , had for long been a favourite panacea of reformers in several countries .

Other new appointments made in response to the changing balance in international relations between economic and political considerations were less significant .
other new appointments made in response to the changing balance in international relations between economic and political [thoughts] were less significant .

But one thing is common to all who follow the process of reforming in feeling : that is experience of the life of desire for God , freed from any earthly considerations , as an entry from the light of the world into a darkness in which things normally hidden from sight can gradually be discerned , and in which ultimately there grows a vision of a greater light .
but one thing is common to all who follow the process of reforming in feeling : that is experience of the life of desire for god , freed from any earthly [thoughts] , as an entry from the light of the world into a darkness in which things normally hidden from sight can gradually be discerned , and in which ultimately there grows a vision of a greater light .

Other considerations
other [thoughts]

0204 Other considerations
0204 other [thoughts]

General considerations
general [thoughts]

Additional considerations if a client is not a corporate finance client
additional [thoughts] if a client is not a corporate finance client

0401.1 General considerations
0401.1 general [thoughts]

0403.5 Additional considerations if a client is not a corporate finance client
0403.5 additional [thoughts] if a client is not a corporate finance client

The appropriate sale strategy will evolve from consideration the clients ' objectives and from our assessment of the valuation of the business , the degree of interest it is likely to attract , and deal structuring considerations .
the appropriate sale strategy will evolve from consideration the clients ' objectives and from our assessment of the valuation of the business , the degree of interest it is likely to attract , and deal structuring [thoughts] .

These and other structuring considerations are considered in more detail in Section 0609 .
these and other structuring [thoughts] are considered in more detail in section 0609 .

On larger sales or ones with special confidentiality considerations it may be appropriate to prepare additional document for distribution such as a second phase transaction pack .
on larger sales or ones with special confidentiality [thoughts] it may be appropriate to prepare additional document for distribution such as a second phase transaction pack .

This section should summarise the critical factors as to type of business , what is for sale , reasons for sale , financial position and investment considerations and opportunities .
this section should summarise the critical factors as to type of business , what is for sale , reasons for sale , financial position and investment [thoughts] and opportunities .

The considerations underlying the choice of marketing strategy are set out in section 0503.24 above .
the [thoughts] underlying the choice of marketing strategy are set out in section 0503.24 above .

In less strict auctions other considerations may be taken into account such as compatibility , intentions , personal views and nature of the consideration .
in less strict auctions other [thoughts] may be taken into account such as compatibility , intentions , personal views and nature of the consideration .

However , tactical considerations may dictate that some conditions and definition terms are omitted from the vendors ' draft of the heads .
however , tactical [thoughts] may dictate that some conditions and definition terms are omitted from the vendors ' draft of the heads .

Earnout considerations
earnout [thoughts]

Additional considerations specific to acquisitions are covered at the appropriate points in this chapter .
additional [thoughts] specific to acquisitions are covered at the appropriate points in this chapter .

0602.23 Fee considerations
0602.23 fee [thoughts]

0609.2 Earnout considerations
0609.2 earnout [thoughts]

The profit definition considerations of an earnout are considered under heads of agreement ( see section 0610 below ) . The reasons for structuring a deal around an earnout may be summarised as follows :
the profit definition [thoughts] of an earnout are considered under heads of agreement ( see section 0610 below ) . the reasons for structuring a deal around an earnout may be summarised as follows :

Set out below is a list of possible terms and considerations to be covered by a profit definition .
set out below is a list of possible terms and [thoughts] to be covered by a profit definition .

Similar considerations apply to the definition of net assets , which again have been presented without a buying or selling perspective .
similar [thoughts] apply to the definition of net assets , which again have been presented without a buying or selling perspective .

Accounting policy considerations as mentioned above .
accounting policy [thoughts] as mentioned above .

If a pension fund transferred is over-funded , the seller will often seek extra consideration or a payment from the acquirer equal to the excess funding net of any tax considerations .
if a pension fund transferred is over-funded , the seller will often seek extra consideration or a payment from the acquirer equal to the excess funding net of any tax [thoughts] .

Pension schemes may also have to be split or transferred , and considerations similar to those in a share sale will apply .
pension schemes may also have to be split or transferred , and [thoughts] similar to those in a share sale will apply .

Practical considerations
practical [thoughts]

In these circumstances commercial considerations are likely to play a significant part in determining the value finally agreed upon .
in these circumstances commercial [thoughts] are likely to play a significant part in determining the value finally agreed upon .

Unless otherwise noted , the legal and other considerations outlined in this section apply generally to all of these categories of valuation .
unless otherwise noted , the legal and other [thoughts] outlined in this section apply generally to all of these categories of valuation .

These fundamental initial considerations or ‘ building blocks ’ ( developed by Roy Nicholson ) are applicable to all valuation engagements and enable a skeleton of the valuation to be developed at an early stage :
these fundamental initial [thoughts] or ‘ building blocks ’ ( developed by roy nicholson ) are applicable to all valuation engagements and enable a skeleton of the valuation to be developed at an early stage :

Timetable considerations
timetable [thoughts]

Other considerations when putting together a share valuation permanent file :
other [thoughts] when putting together a share valuation permanent file :

0807 Practical considerations
0807 practical [thoughts]

This section serves to bring together a number of practical considerations and pointers for use when carrying out a valuation .
this section serves to bring together a number of practical [thoughts] and pointers for use when carrying out a valuation .

Preliminary considerations
preliminary [thoughts]

Other practical considerations
other practical [thoughts]

0906 Preliminary considerations
0906 preliminary [thoughts]

The following considerations should be addressed :
the following [thoughts] should be addressed :

However , it should be ensured that such considerations do not preclude the drafting of the document in as commercial a manner as possible , taking into account at all times the purpose of its production .
however , it should be ensured that such [thoughts] do not preclude the drafting of the document in as commercial a manner as possible , taking into account at all times the purpose of its production .

0910 Other practical considerations
0910 other practical [thoughts]

Other regulatory considerations
other regulatory [thoughts]

Other considerations
other [thoughts]

It is usual to indicate to the management team that the audit appointment is often awarded to its advisers . If ethical considerations are such that it is appropriate to include this in the engagement letter , the following wording may be appropriate :
it is usual to indicate to the management team that the audit appointment is often awarded to its advisers . if ethical [thoughts] are such that it is appropriate to include this in the engagement letter , the following wording may be appropriate :

The following summarises the major considerations in respect of our ability to act in such a role :
the following summarises the major [thoughts] in respect of our ability to act in such a role :

[ Surveyors ] are willing to discuss the development potential considerations relating to the principal properties and sites .
[ surveyors ] are willing to discuss the development potential [thoughts] relating to the principal properties and sites .

Several , but limited to their respective proportions of considerations ?
several , but limited to their respective proportions of [thoughts] ?

financial markets are too concerned with short-term considerations ;
financial markets are too concerned with short-term [thoughts] ;

This project focusses on the extent to which the transferral of industrial ownership between public and private sector has been justified , ex ante and ex post , by political considerations on the one hand an economic considerations on the other .
this project focusses on the extent to which the transferral of industrial ownership between public and private sector has been justified , ex ante and ex post , by political [thoughts] on the one hand an economic [thoughts] on the other .

Drawing on this conceptual framework , the research would seek to identify the key issues in policy towards the taxation of energy , including those where significant spillovers would arise from the policy decisions of individual member states ( e.g. effects on intra-EC competition , and cross frontier environmental impacts ) and those where important , but largely domestic , considerations are involved ( e.g. ‘ efficient ’ commodity taxation , revenue and distributional effects ) .
drawing on this conceptual framework , the research would seek to identify the key issues in policy towards the taxation of energy , including those where significant spillovers would arise from the policy decisions of individual member states ( e.g. effects on intra-ec competition , and cross frontier environmental impacts ) and those where important , but largely domestic , [thoughts] are involved ( e.g. ‘ efficient ’ commodity taxation , revenue and distributional effects ) .

This project is based on three premises : that more young economists , bound for industry , particularly consultancy , the civil service and the city , should have at least been apprenticed in research--hence , in part , the use of occasional research assistants rather than experienced professionals ; that applied economists should pay more attention to the views of non economists , and , in particular of practitioners in the fields they study , hence the emphasis on the flexibility required if we are to look at problems differently , or use different types of evidence ; and that more of us should build our models self consciously , with an eye to analytical convenience and ease of interpretation , considerations which would be less important were economics less inexact , since it might then make sense to seek the correct model , however difficult to analyse and understand .
this project is based on three premises : that more young economists , bound for industry , particularly consultancy , the civil service and the city , should have at least been apprenticed in research--hence , in part , the use of occasional research assistants rather than experienced professionals ; that applied economists should pay more attention to the views of non economists , and , in particular of practitioners in the fields they study , hence the emphasis on the flexibility required if we are to look at problems differently , or use different types of evidence ; and that more of us should build our models self consciously , with an eye to analytical convenience and ease of interpretation , [thoughts] which would be less important were economics less inexact , since it might then make sense to seek the correct model , however difficult to analyse and understand .

These considerations have an important spatial context which is being resolved by the use of Geographic Information System technology .
these [thoughts] have an important spatial context which is being resolved by the use of geographic information system technology .

Even if short-term exchange rate variation is induced by asset considerations , current account forces may affect exchange rates through several channels .
even if short-term exchange rate variation is induced by asset [thoughts] , current account forces may affect exchange rates through several channels .

The Centre is committed to the concept of equality of all , irrespective of racial considerations , and strives to make all its aims and objectives consistent with an absolute opposition to racism in society .
the centre is committed to the concept of equality of all , irrespective of racial [thoughts] , and strives to make all its aims and objectives consistent with an absolute opposition to racism in society .

The new project will also allow the researchers to develop an analysis of how ( if at all ) higher-income households ' decision-making differs from the process in poorer families and how factors such as tax and social security considerations affect the two groups .
the new project will also allow the researchers to develop an analysis of how ( if at all ) higher-income households ' decision-making differs from the process in poorer families and how factors such as tax and social security [thoughts] affect the two groups .

But there have always been other considerations .
but there have always been other [thoughts] .

Others relate to the unusual if not unique status of its government which , as an appointive bureaucracy , has evolved policy in the absence of any electoral considerations .
others relate to the unusual if not unique status of its government which , as an appointive bureaucracy , has evolved policy in the absence of any electoral [thoughts] .

Decisions on these matters ( whether taken by the parties , their legal advisors , or the Court ) involve critical value judgements , bearing in mind not only considerations of justice between the adults involved , but also the needs of the children .
decisions on these matters ( whether taken by the parties , their legal advisors , or the court ) involve critical value judgements , bearing in mind not only [thoughts] of justice between the adults involved , but also the needs of the children .

The Arab-Israeli field is taken as an example of the manner in which environmental and marine resource management considerations are operating to force states otherwise driven by considerations of ideology and domestic politics into relationships of confrontation punctuated by overt violent conflict , into formalised relationships involving tacit if not overt cooperation .
the arab-israeli field is taken as an example of the manner in which environmental and marine resource management [thoughts] are operating to force states otherwise driven by [thoughts] of ideology and domestic politics into relationships of confrontation punctuated by overt violent conflict , into formalised relationships involving tacit if not overt cooperation .

Social and economic considerations
social and economic [thoughts]

It is however believed that the Divisional Court said that if the only consideration for a payment by the client was a disbursement by his solicitor , different considerations might apply .
it is however believed that the divisional court said that if the only consideration for a payment by the client was a disbursement by his solicitor , different [thoughts] might apply .

Whilst present cost considerations may exclude the use of a dedicated microprocessor it may be possible to direct any spare processing capability towards stepping motor control .
whilst present cost [thoughts] may exclude the use of a dedicated microprocessor it may be possible to direct any spare processing capability towards stepping motor control .

The microprocessor software occupies a minimal amount of store and program development is not restricted by timing considerations ; the microprocessor is free to perform other tasks between each motor Step , provided the external clock interrupts can be tolerated .
the microprocessor software occupies a minimal amount of store and program development is not restricted by timing [thoughts] ; the microprocessor is free to perform other tasks between each motor step , provided the external clock interrupts can be tolerated .

The type of computer system used is very much a secondary consideration , and will depend upon such considerations as : enterprise size/number of employees number of physical locations range of personnel applications to be attempted whether enterprise is growing , contracting , static supply of computer professionals available budget available What is certain is that the personnel function needs a shared information system .
the type of computer system used is very much a secondary consideration , and will depend upon such [thoughts] as : enterprise size/number of employees number of physical locations range of personnel applications to be attempted whether enterprise is growing , contracting , static supply of computer professionals available budget available what is certain is that the personnel function needs a shared information system .

Many of the general considerations which arise in connection with computerising recruitment administration are the same as those which arise whenever computerisation within the personnel department is discussed , and this makes it all the more surprising that it is so rarely considered .
many of the general [thoughts] which arise in connection with computerising recruitment administration are the same as those which arise whenever computerisation within the personnel department is discussed , and this makes it all the more surprising that it is so rarely considered .

Of course , there may be considerations arising from the recruitment area which have a bearing on how computerization should be tackled in the other areas , but there is no doubt that a consistent overall strategy can be developed which incorporates all the major aspects of personnel administration and integrates them one with another .
of course , there may be [thoughts] arising from the recruitment area which have a bearing on how computerization should be tackled in the other areas , but there is no doubt that a consistent overall strategy can be developed which incorporates all the major aspects of personnel administration and integrates them one with another .

3 What are the principal design considerations ?
3 what are the principal design [thoughts] ?

Design Considerations
design [thoughts]

The choice between debt and equity financing is determined by a further set of considerations .
the choice between debt and equity financing is determined by a further set of [thoughts] .

This decision must not be left to the magistrates to make as they are likely to base it upon pragmatic considerations only .
this decision must not be left to the magistrates to make as they are likely to base it upon pragmatic [thoughts] only .

Deciding financial considerations — for compensation where appropriate , lawyers costs where appropriate , fines where appropriate and costs of the trial .
deciding financial [thoughts] — for compensation where appropriate , lawyers costs where appropriate , fines where appropriate and costs of the trial .

Ultimately , you have control over your boxer 's weight , height , reach , skin colour , haircut , face , and numerous other considerations .
ultimately , you have control over your boxer 's weight , height , reach , skin colour , haircut , face , and numerous other [thoughts] .

For example , the three animal portrait artists interviewed here are successfully engaged with a differentiated public and certainly voice separate considerations regarding their production .
for example , the three animal portrait artists interviewed here are successfully engaged with a differentiated public and certainly voice separate [thoughts] regarding their production .

Animal images , other considerations aside , may be seen to fill comfortably and unproblematically desires for order , peace , permanence and tradition in a decade where social and economic trends across the classes signify disturbances of all kinds .
animal images , other [thoughts] aside , may be seen to fill comfortably and unproblematically desires for order , peace , permanence and tradition in a decade where social and economic trends across the classes signify disturbances of all kinds .

The task of discovering the truth or even of helping Amy would come some way after those considerations .
the task of discovering the truth or even of helping amy would come some way after those [thoughts] .

Thank God , they had both made rational choices in marrying each other ( she had kept her maiden name because , well , other considerations apart , Maynard was to be preferred to Badcock ) … Neither of them had ever carried the sensual side to excess .
thank god , they had both made rational choices in marrying each other ( she had kept her maiden name because , well , other [thoughts] apart , maynard was to be preferred to badcock ) … neither of them had ever carried the sensual side to excess .

That it was all undignified , that it was really rather unpleasant , that it was somehow dehumanizing for Harold — these considerations went by the board as he finally rolled on top of her , grunting fiercely in a tone no one at Magdalen would have recognized .
that it was all undignified , that it was really rather unpleasant , that it was somehow dehumanizing for harold — these [thoughts] went by the board as he finally rolled on top of her , grunting fiercely in a tone no one at magdalen would have recognized .

Such important considerations can be allowed for in licensing negotiation so that the issues are properly addressed .
such important [thoughts] can be allowed for in licensing negotiation so that the issues are properly addressed .

One might expect that a technology already sporting a much used acronym must surely be a part of present not future considerations .
one might expect that a technology already sporting a much used acronym must surely be a part of present not future [thoughts] .

9.5 Colligative properties of solutions : thermodynamic considerations
9.5 colligative properties of solutions : thermodynamic [thoughts]

Simulation of geographical systems is not necessarily motivated by considerations of cost or avoidance of hazard , but more by the desire to experiment on systems that are either too slow-acting relative to the human life-span or which present ethical problems to the would-be experimenter .
simulation of geographical systems is not necessarily motivated by [thoughts] of cost or avoidance of hazard , but more by the desire to experiment on systems that are either too slow-acting relative to the human life-span or which present ethical problems to the would-be experimenter .

Strategic planning involves top management and the main company functions in the earlier stages , and departmental management in the later , as they progress from the broadest market and company considerations to the details of specific product launches .
strategic planning involves top management and the main company functions in the earlier stages , and departmental management in the later , as they progress from the broadest market and company [thoughts] to the details of specific product launches .

Take account of environmental considerations in investment decisions
take account of environmental [thoughts] in investment decisions

It certainly sees urban concentrations as resulting from industrialisation and capitalism : but it rapidly places these considerations to one side and looks to interactions between people as the prime explanation .
it certainly sees urban concentrations as resulting from industrialisation and capitalism : but it rapidly places these [thoughts] to one side and looks to interactions between people as the prime explanation .

But , assuming we do incorporate such considerations , the tendency is to interpret such mobility as again largely the result of capital 's needs , with workers being uprooted simply to increase their monetary rewards , and capital benefiting as a result .
but , assuming we do incorporate such [thoughts] , the tendency is to interpret such mobility as again largely the result of capital 's needs , with workers being uprooted simply to increase their monetary rewards , and capital benefiting as a result .

Up to now , we have considered the data-oriented aspects of data analysis , but functional considerations are made in order to check the model .
up to now , we have considered the data-oriented aspects of data analysis , but functional [thoughts] are made in order to check the model .

The database administrator may choose to optimise the performance of some query type which is posed frequently , but these considerations are not made when building the data model .
the database administrator may choose to optimise the performance of some query type which is posed frequently , but these [thoughts] are not made when building the data model .

It should be emphasised that the data model which we have called the conceptual schema was developed independently of both machine and software considerations .
it should be emphasised that the data model which we have called the conceptual schema was developed independently of both machine and software [thoughts] .

‘ Shelley understood better than you the passionate quest for truth which overrides any other considerations in the heart of those who would open the secrets of nature , whether scientists or poets .
‘ shelley understood better than you the passionate quest for truth which overrides any other [thoughts] in the heart of those who would open the secrets of nature , whether scientists or poets .

Should comfort come first , or practical considerations , or style ?
should comfort come first , or practical [thoughts] , or style ?

If your insulation is reasonable , and heat loss and energy conservation not therefore serious considerations , or if the window is more useful for its light than its view , or the view needs disguising , then see what you can do with the frames .
if your insulation is reasonable , and heat loss and energy conservation not therefore serious [thoughts] , or if the window is more useful for its light than its view , or the view needs disguising , then see what you can do with the frames .

Before you embark on the decoration , however , you need to have the practical considerations firmly in mind .
before you embark on the decoration , however , you need to have the practical [thoughts] firmly in mind .

Chapter 1 : Biological Considerations .
chapter 1 : biological [thoughts] .

Different considerations come into play when an imaging device is used ( the ‘ Snap ’ camera ) , for example it might be possible to make allowance for the background in software .
different [thoughts] come into play when an imaging device is used ( the ‘ snap ’ camera ) , for example it might be possible to make allowance for the background in software .

Various considerations apply - see Figure .
various [thoughts] apply - see figure .

Frequently , however , the imposition of standards reflects a judgement that important externalities exist or is simply a pure value judgement based on distributional considerations .
frequently , however , the imposition of standards reflects a judgement that important externalities exist or is simply a pure value judgement based on distributional [thoughts] .

Where such considerations do not arise , for example in the production of uniforms , it is more likely that the production of defence goods will take place in private firms .
where such [thoughts] do not arise , for example in the production of uniforms , it is more likely that the production of defence goods will take place in private firms .

Even if central government wished to pay attention to local considerations , it would find it hard to do so efficiently .
even if central government wished to pay attention to local [thoughts] , it would find it hard to do so efficiently .

If these were the only considerations , merger policy might be confined to ensuring that companies formed accurate assessments of the costs and benefits of mergers .
if these were the only [thoughts] , merger policy might be confined to ensuring that companies formed accurate assessments of the costs and benefits of mergers .

The New Industrial Economics , which we introduced in Chapter 10 , suggests that this is not a trivial problem , especially when considerations of strategic competition are introduced .
the new industrial economics , which we introduced in chapter 10 , suggests that this is not a trivial problem , especially when [thoughts] of strategic competition are introduced .

Such considerations also apply in international competition between large firms .
such [thoughts] also apply in international competition between large firms .

Strategic considerations may be important here too .
strategic [thoughts] may be important here too .

Strategic international considerations may also apply .
strategic international [thoughts] may also apply .

Thus commercial considerations in running the railway could be kept distinct from the value judgements the government wished to adopt .
thus commercial [thoughts] in running the railway could be kept distinct from the value judgements the government wished to adopt .

Gradually , however , governments came to feel that second-best considerations could not be ignored .
gradually , however , governments came to feel that second-best [thoughts] could not be ignored .

On the other hand , it should not be imagined that private industries are immune from such considerations .
on the other hand , it should not be imagined that private industries are immune from such [thoughts] .

There are a number of selection criteria that should be taken into consideration when selecting a parser . The main considerations are :
there are a number of selection criteria that should be taken into consideration when selecting a parser . the main [thoughts] are :

Practical considerations
practical [thoughts]

Practical Considerations
practical [thoughts]

There are a number of practical considerations that must be taken into account in the selection of a parser .
there are a number of practical [thoughts] that must be taken into account in the selection of a parser .

One of the most important considerations to be taken into account when creating a lexicon is how full a coverage of the language it is able to provide .
one of the most important [thoughts] to be taken into account when creating a lexicon is how full a coverage of the language it is able to provide .

Western governments , and the populations that vote for them , have to be persuaded that it is in their own interests , quite apart from any considerations of common humanity , to start the reconstruction of the developing world .
western governments , and the populations that vote for them , have to be persuaded that it is in their own interests , quite apart from any [thoughts] of common humanity , to start the reconstruction of the developing world .

It can be extremely frustrating for people who have to travel to London and face the expense of preparing a case — sometimes employing parliamentary counsel to put their case — knowing that decisions are not necessarily taken on the merits of the arguments but on political considerations .
it can be extremely frustrating for people who have to travel to london and face the expense of preparing a case — sometimes employing parliamentary counsel to put their case — knowing that decisions are not necessarily taken on the merits of the arguments but on political [thoughts] .

Labour Governments are always constrained by cost considerations and by the financial disasters brought on by all the spending commitments that they claim are priorities and then have to jettison one by one .
labour governments are always constrained by cost [thoughts] and by the financial disasters brought on by all the spending commitments that they claim are priorities and then have to jettison one by one .

We naturally expect British Rail to attach the greatest importance to safety considerations .
we naturally expect british rail to attach the greatest importance to safety [thoughts] .

There are other key considerations , one of which is the near-certainty of detection .
there are other key [thoughts] , one of which is the near-certainty of detection .

In a neutral world , unaffected by other considerations , that would be correct .
in a neutral world , unaffected by other [thoughts] , that would be correct .

Friend 's question is that of course those are relevant considerations for valuers to take into account .
friend 's question is that of course those are relevant [thoughts] for valuers to take into account .

Does the Minister intend to bring the concept of sustainable development right into planning guidance as a primary role ? Will he confirm that the primary role of the plan will take precedence over all other considerations ? Will he beef up the public consultation procedures which his Department are currently casting aside like autumn leaves shrivelling on the ground , or do we have to wait for a Labour Government in the full flush of a green spring and summer to bring sense back into our planning system ?
does the minister intend to bring the concept of sustainable development right into planning guidance as a primary role ? will he confirm that the primary role of the plan will take precedence over all other [thoughts] ? will he beef up the public consultation procedures which his department are currently casting aside like autumn leaves shrivelling on the ground , or do we have to wait for a labour government in the full flush of a green spring and summer to bring sense back into our planning system ?

Will my hon. Friend assure the House and my many constituents in the North Yorks moors national park that whatever new structure he puts in place to manage the parks , the planning policy guidance given to the park authorities will give the social and economic needs of the people who live in the parks a high priority in the considerations for planning permissions ?
will my hon. friend assure the house and my many constituents in the north yorks moors national park that whatever new structure he puts in place to manage the parks , the planning policy guidance given to the park authorities will give the social and economic needs of the people who live in the parks a high priority in the [thoughts] for planning permissions ?

Does the Minister agree that such waste should be treated or disposed of not by the producers of that waste , but by some other body which may be more independent with regard to financial considerations ?
does the minister agree that such waste should be treated or disposed of not by the producers of that waste , but by some other body which may be more independent with regard to financial [thoughts] ?

The main considerations in deciding whether to release such a prisoner are whether he or she has been detained long enough to satisfy the requirements of retribution and deterrence for the offence and whether the potential risk to the public is judged to be acceptable .
the main [thoughts] in deciding whether to release such a prisoner are whether he or she has been detained long enough to satisfy the requirements of retribution and deterrence for the offence and whether the potential risk to the public is judged to be acceptable .

Environmental considerations must play a part .
environmental [thoughts] must play a part .

Considerations concerning public access do not feature in either of these schemes .
[thoughts] concerning public access do not feature in either of these schemes .

When the Minister consults the countryside organisations about motorway service stations , will he also discuss the wider environmental implications of the Government 's transport policy ? Has he seen the report published today by the Council for the Protection of Rural England ? If , over the next decade , there is to be a 50 per cent . rise in traffic demand , is not it about time that his Department stopped being a Department only for roads and instead sought to introduce a proper , integrated transport system that takes real account of environmental considerations ?
when the minister consults the countryside organisations about motorway service stations , will he also discuss the wider environmental implications of the government 's transport policy ? has he seen the report published today by the council for the protection of rural england ? if , over the next decade , there is to be a 50 per cent . rise in traffic demand , is not it about time that his department stopped being a department only for roads and instead sought to introduce a proper , integrated transport system that takes real account of environmental [thoughts] ?

The considerations that he mentioned are , among others , taken into account when determining policy .
the [thoughts] that he mentioned are , among others , taken into account when determining policy .

They must also take into account any other material considerations .
they must also take into account any other material [thoughts] .

Britain has one last chance to ensure that it is part of the considerations in the emerging power block .
britain has one last chance to ensure that it is part of the [thoughts] in the emerging power block .

Recently , an ambassador told me that issues such as defence and foreign policy were surely on a different plane from economic issues , involving as they did considerations of history , culture and identity .
recently , an ambassador told me that issues such as defence and foreign policy were surely on a different plane from economic issues , involving as they did [thoughts] of history , culture and identity .

The access funds supplement the main package of student support and allow universities , polytechnics and colleges to give discretionary support where access to higher education might be inhibited by financial considerations or where they consider that students face real financial difficulties .
the access funds supplement the main package of student support and allow universities , polytechnics and colleges to give discretionary support where access to higher education might be inhibited by financial [thoughts] or where they consider that students face real financial difficulties .

We believe that the proposed water level as set out in the Bill strikes an appropriate balance between development needs and the practical considerations after impoundment .
we believe that the proposed water level as set out in the bill strikes an appropriate balance between development needs and the practical [thoughts] after impoundment .

That he could let her go so easily was the final damning proof that his interest in her had been prompted by solely mercenary considerations .
that he could let her go so easily was the final damning proof that his interest in her had been prompted by solely mercenary [thoughts] .

From a social efficiency point of view , the methods chosen in any specific instance should be determined by efficiency considerations .
from a social efficiency point of view , the methods chosen in any specific instance should be determined by efficiency [thoughts] .

[ … ] With these basic considerations concerning the purpose of price theory in mind , let us survey the major theoretical issues .
[ … ] with these basic [thoughts] concerning the purpose of price theory in mind , let us survey the major theoretical issues .

The considerations outlined above are rather general .
the [thoughts] outlined above are rather general .

The importance of these considerations is underlined by what Williamson ( 1984 : 207–8 ) calls the ‘ fundamental transformation ’ , by which a transaction whose original terms were negotiated in an environment of large-numbers competition is transformed during its implementation to one where small-numbers bargaining is inevitable at the stage of contract renewal .
the importance of these [thoughts] is underlined by what williamson ( 1984 : 207–8 ) calls the ‘ fundamental transformation ’ , by which a transaction whose original terms were negotiated in an environment of large-numbers competition is transformed during its implementation to one where small-numbers bargaining is inevitable at the stage of contract renewal .

power considerations will usually give way to efficiency — at least in profit-making enterprises , if observations are taken at sufficiently long intervals [ … ] This does not imply that power has no role to play , but we think it invites confusion to explain organisational results that are predicted by the efficiency hypothesis in terms of power .
power [thoughts] will usually give way to efficiency — at least in profit-making enterprises , if observations are taken at sufficiently long intervals [ … ] this does not imply that power has no role to play , but we think it invites confusion to explain organisational results that are predicted by the efficiency hypothesis in terms of power .

Considerations of equality and equity reveal somewhat contradictory implications .
[thoughts] of equality and equity reveal somewhat contradictory implications .

There is a rich variety of different forecasting procedures , and it is now generally accepted that no one method is ‘ best ’ in every situation , but rather that the choice depends on various practical considerations .
there is a rich variety of different forecasting procedures , and it is now generally accepted that no one method is ‘ best ’ in every situation , but rather that the choice depends on various practical [thoughts] .

Duration and type of employment will be important considerations when assessing the ‘ protective ’ effect of employment .
duration and type of employment will be important [thoughts] when assessing the ‘ protective ’ effect of employment .

the manner and extent to which morphological considerations influence the process of word recognition .
the manner and extent to which morphological [thoughts] influence the process of word recognition .

There are two considerations : first , it must be positioned so that it can be connected easily to the existing stopcock and to the branch which feeds the drinking water tap in the kitchen ; second , it must be positioned so that it will not be subject to frost damage .
there are two [thoughts] : first , it must be positioned so that it can be connected easily to the existing stopcock and to the branch which feeds the drinking water tap in the kitchen ; second , it must be positioned so that it will not be subject to frost damage .

If you are thinking about installing a completely new hot water system there are several considerations :
if you are thinking about installing a completely new hot water system there are several [thoughts] :

In public he was urbane , and no one could have guessed that their presence here together was dictated by anything other than professional considerations .
in public he was urbane , and no one could have guessed that their presence here together was dictated by anything other than professional [thoughts] .

The craving of her flesh for more of that fighting lovemaking would instantly override all other considerations — pride , her awareness of his contempt , the knowledge that he could destroy her .
the craving of her flesh for more of that fighting lovemaking would instantly override all other [thoughts] — pride , her awareness of his contempt , the knowledge that he could destroy her .

The direction of change now depends on the considerations discussed earlier , except that any change in ( ) feeds back to .
the direction of change now depends on the [thoughts] discussed earlier , except that any change in ( ) feeds back to .

The effect of the corporation tax is like that of an excise tax , and the considerations we have just discussed apply with equal force .
the effect of the corporation tax is like that of an excise tax , and the [thoughts] we have just discussed apply with equal force .

At the same time , the detailed results have , in some cases , proved to be quite sensitive to the specification of the model ; and the models have introduced considerations ( such as the effect on the scale of firms ) that were absent from the simple competitive equilibrium treatment .
at the same time , the detailed results have , in some cases , proved to be quite sensitive to the specification of the model ; and the models have introduced [thoughts] ( such as the effect on the scale of firms ) that were absent from the simple competitive equilibrium treatment .

( The underlying assumptions about corporate financing and the relationship with the considerations discussed in Lecture 5 — are an aspect in need of more elaboration . )
( the underlying assumptions about corporate financing and the relationship with the [thoughts] discussed in lecture 5 — are an aspect in need of more elaboration . )

The incidence of taxation has been discussed in earlier Lectures ; here we incorporate the main considerations — in simplified form into two distributional models ( Section 9–2 ) .
the incidence of taxation has been discussed in earlier lectures ; here we incorporate the main [thoughts] — in simplified form into two distributional models ( section 9–2 ) .

General Equilibrium Considerations
general equilibrium [thoughts]

At the same time , the second approach via theoretical considerations — is also valuable in assessing the question of incidence .
at the same time , the second approach via theoretical [thoughts] — is also valuable in assessing the question of incidence .

There is however a very large distance between these long-run theoretical considerations and empirical implementation .
there is however a very large distance between these long-run theoretical [thoughts] and empirical implementation .

The incorporation of such behavioural considerations is clearly a necessary development of this approach .
the incorporation of such behavioural [thoughts] is clearly a necessary development of this approach .

This leads on to some general considerations about decision-making in a bureaucracy .
this leads on to some general [thoughts] about decision-making in a bureaucracy .

Similar considerations worried the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Winston Churchill , in 1925 .
similar [thoughts] worried the chancellor of the exchequer , winston churchill , in 1925 .

Suppose that risk considerations mean that , where α is a constant .
suppose that risk [thoughts] mean that , where α is a constant .

We shall see in Section 5.7 that symmetry considerations allow us to decide which vibrational modes will lead to Raman scattering .
we shall see in section 5.7 that symmetry [thoughts] allow us to decide which vibrational modes will lead to raman scattering .

Group frequency considerations suggest that both stretching modes should be near 2100 cm -1 , so the lower-frequency c-type band near 500 cm -1 must be a deformation , as is the a 2 mode near 645 cm -1 .
group frequency [thoughts] suggest that both stretching modes should be near 2100 cm -1 , so the lower-frequency c-type band near 500 cm -1 must be a deformation , as is the a 2 mode near 645 cm -1 .

However , degrees-of-freedom considerations prevent the use of such an approach in the present study .
however , degrees-of-freedom [thoughts] prevent the use of such an approach in the present study .

Each sub-population may be defined by dynamic considerations or by supply characteristics .
each sub-population may be defined by dynamic [thoughts] or by supply characteristics .

’ Attitudes of this kind meant that purely dynastic considerations played strikingly little part in the thinking of most of these rulers .
’ attitudes of this kind meant that purely dynastic [thoughts] played strikingly little part in the thinking of most of these rulers .

Only with the emergence in 1747 , in an embryonic form , of a Western Squadron dedicated to cruising off the main French Atlantic bases of Brest and Rochefort , did strategic considerations overcome purely commercial and tactical ones in British thinking on the functions of the navy .
only with the emergence in 1747 , in an embryonic form , of a western squadron dedicated to cruising off the main french atlantic bases of brest and rochefort , did strategic [thoughts] overcome purely commercial and tactical ones in british thinking on the functions of the navy .

Similar considerations show that inside the horizon a separation in radial coordinate only has become time-like .
similar [thoughts] show that inside the horizon a separation in radial coordinate only has become time-like .

Both theories entail a shift of attention away from considerations of origin or cause to those of function or effect ; neither is as much interested in the ways in which language reflects reality , as in the ways in which it shapes our perception of things ; both attach central importance to the concepts of system and difference .
both theories entail a shift of attention away from [thoughts] of origin or cause to those of function or effect ; neither is as much interested in the ways in which language reflects reality , as in the ways in which it shapes our perception of things ; both attach central importance to the concepts of system and difference .

Both , as we have already seen , propose definitions of the specifically literary or poetic properties of texts , definitions which assign a dominant role to language , and which treat the relationship between text and author and text and reality as only secondary considerations .
both , as we have already seen , propose definitions of the specifically literary or poetic properties of texts , definitions which assign a dominant role to language , and which treat the relationship between text and author and text and reality as only secondary [thoughts] .

For Brooks , Wimsatt and Beardsley complexity and coherence together constitute the key considerations in the analysis of literary texts .
for brooks , wimsatt and beardsley complexity and coherence together constitute the key [thoughts] in the analysis of literary texts .

Despite Mrs McGill 's endeavours in the domestic sphere , her competence in this regard fails to emerge in her son 's considerations of her .
despite mrs mcgill 's endeavours in the domestic sphere , her competence in this regard fails to emerge in her son 's [thoughts] of her .

The map made by an experienced observer ( figure 12.2 ) reflects many similar considerations .
the map made by an experienced observer ( figure 12.2 ) reflects many similar [thoughts] .

The whole picture ranged wider far , but two vital considerations immediately emerged .
the whole picture ranged wider far , but two vital [thoughts] immediately emerged .

Such considerations will apply at all periods , in prehistory as in documented history .
such [thoughts] will apply at all periods , in prehistory as in documented history .

Thus , streams , rivers , and particularly springs and wells have been important considerations in settlement siting .
thus , streams , rivers , and particularly springs and wells have been important [thoughts] in settlement siting .

The considerations and factors thought important will vary at different times in different places .
the [thoughts] and factors thought important will vary at different times in different places .

This has not yet been discovered and we do not know what the machines are for — rather as nineteenth-century people did not know about plutonium and nuclear reactors — so we do not know what such developments will lead to in terms of aesthetic and economic considerations , and eventually the effects on the landscape and the settlements in it .
this has not yet been discovered and we do not know what the machines are for — rather as nineteenth-century people did not know about plutonium and nuclear reactors — so we do not know what such developments will lead to in terms of aesthetic and economic [thoughts] , and eventually the effects on the landscape and the settlements in it .

In addition to such economic considerations , there would be other physical factors : people have usually avoided living on slopes that are very steep , difficult to build on and traverse ; they have also avoided marshy or floodable areas ( Fig. 52 ) .
in addition to such economic [thoughts] , there would be other physical factors : people have usually avoided living on slopes that are very steep , difficult to build on and traverse ; they have also avoided marshy or floodable areas ( fig. 52 ) .

Equally , the human considerations of where a settlement is placed in a region are as important as the physical characteristics of the landscape which must be allowed for .
equally , the human [thoughts] of where a settlement is placed in a region are as important as the physical characteristics of the landscape which must be allowed for .

Other considerations of siting relate rather more to towns , and they are not considered in this book .
other [thoughts] of siting relate rather more to towns , and they are not considered in this book .

The local topography , soil types , relative areas of upland and lowland will all be important considerations , but ultimately the ability of a community to feed itself will be the deciding factor ; in a subsistence economy , at any period , land will be used to the best advantage .
the local topography , soil types , relative areas of upland and lowland will all be important [thoughts] , but ultimately the ability of a community to feed itself will be the deciding factor ; in a subsistence economy , at any period , land will be used to the best advantage .

Environmental considerations and costs do not even seem to merit a mention .
environmental [thoughts] and costs do not even seem to merit a mention .

1993–94 will see further expansion of silver paste , automotive and flat glass enamel production and reflect a continuing awareness of environmental , technological , legal and social considerations in all our products .
1993–94 will see further expansion of silver paste , automotive and flat glass enamel production and reflect a continuing awareness of environmental , technological , legal and social [thoughts] in all our products .

While as professional soldiers immersed in a war the Committee members were primarily concerned with the military considerations , the fact that a general state of martial law was in force meant that whoever was appointed would effectively also exercise supreme authority over both the civilian and the military populace .
while as professional soldiers immersed in a war the committee members were primarily concerned with the military [thoughts] , the fact that a general state of martial law was in force meant that whoever was appointed would effectively also exercise supreme authority over both the civilian and the military populace .

The week of 12 – 19 April provided decisive proof of the last of these considerations .
the week of 12 – 19 april provided decisive proof of the last of these [thoughts] .

His crab-like approach towards relations with the Axis and , in particular , towards intervention in the war , was partly dictated by internal political considerations .
his crab-like approach towards relations with the axis and , in particular , towards intervention in the war , was partly dictated by internal political [thoughts] .

From the standpoint of more worldly considerations , the signing of the concordat soothed the irritation of those Catholics who did not like the trend towards closer relations with what they saw as Protestant — that is , heretic — America ( although they must also have recognized that the Catholic political and economic lobby in the United States was large , rich and influential ) .
from the standpoint of more worldly [thoughts] , the signing of the concordat soothed the irritation of those catholics who did not like the trend towards closer relations with what they saw as protestant — that is , heretic — america ( although they must also have recognized that the catholic political and economic lobby in the united states was large , rich and influential ) .

There is no duty upon the Commissioner to have regard to these vague considerations which should therefore not be seen as a potential fetter on the Commissioner 's discretion .
there is no duty upon the commissioner to have regard to these vague [thoughts] which should therefore not be seen as a potential fetter on the commissioner 's discretion .

compliance ends up taking precedence over the wider considerations of risk management .
compliance ends up taking precedence over the wider [thoughts] of risk management .

The major considerations in the design of the job include :
the major [thoughts] in the design of the job include :

The basis of that conception must be that citizenship begins at twenty-one ; that up to that age all boys and girls are wards of the State and are to be regarded as in a state of tutelage ; and that during these twenty-one years no effort must be spared to give each one according to his capacities , and limited by no other considerations , the fullest opportunity to develop every innate power .
the basis of that conception must be that citizenship begins at twenty-one ; that up to that age all boys and girls are wards of the state and are to be regarded as in a state of tutelage ; and that during these twenty-one years no effort must be spared to give each one according to his capacities , and limited by no other [thoughts] , the fullest opportunity to develop every innate power .

The layout/lighting will be important considerations .
the layout/lighting will be important [thoughts] .

But in South Africa today , and surely for a good many years to come , there are also additional considerations that demand from a large company actions and policies that go beyond its immediate business interests and seek to ameliorate the excessive social and economic imbalances that have developed in our society .
but in south africa today , and surely for a good many years to come , there are also additional [thoughts] that demand from a large company actions and policies that go beyond its immediate business interests and seek to ameliorate the excessive social and economic imbalances that have developed in our society .

Such considerations , sometimes working together , may debar many adjectives from ever appearing postnominally ; in other instances , acceptability may be marginal enough to depend not only on these factors , but also on the particular circumstances .
such [thoughts] , sometimes working together , may debar many adjectives from ever appearing postnominally ; in other instances , acceptability may be marginal enough to depend not only on these factors , but also on the particular circumstances .

This depends on such considerations as whether the wider context includes an indication of negation or counterfactuality , and also on the lexical character of the verb with which the adjective is in immediate construction , since the property of the adjective is not applied to the entity in isolation but only as part of the property complex constituted by the adjective and the verb properties taken together .
this depends on such [thoughts] as whether the wider context includes an indication of negation or counterfactuality , and also on the lexical character of the verb with which the adjective is in immediate construction , since the property of the adjective is not applied to the entity in isolation but only as part of the property complex constituted by the adjective and the verb properties taken together .

Vanquished by the power of symbolism `` , as Le Goff puts it , and disposing of all practical considerations , the fourteenth-century popes returned from what they saw as their `` Babylonish captivity `` to their impractical papal capital of Rome .
vanquished by the power of symbolism `` , as le goff puts it , and disposing of all practical [thoughts] , the fourteenth-century popes returned from what they saw as their `` babylonish captivity `` to their impractical papal capital of rome .

This is not a new suggestion , but there are considerable practical difficulties , let alone theoretical considerations , in not including such material .
this is not a new suggestion , but there are considerable practical difficulties , let alone theoretical [thoughts] , in not including such material .

The point is that they are deliberately sought because some reasoned theoretical considerations are felt to require them .
the point is that they are deliberately sought because some reasoned theoretical [thoughts] are felt to require them .

Of course , such considerations may turn out to be erroneous ; but the choice is , or ought to be , a reasoned one .
of course , such [thoughts] may turn out to be erroneous ; but the choice is , or ought to be , a reasoned one .

Though Booth and Rowntree were wealthy industrialists , it was principally considerations of cost which led them to limit their study to the particular areas they did .
though booth and rowntree were wealthy industrialists , it was principally [thoughts] of cost which led them to limit their study to the particular areas they did .

In choosing a sample size , therefore , not only do con- siderations of accuracy enter , but also considerations of conventionally accepted limits .
in choosing a sample size , therefore , not only do con- siderations of accuracy enter , but also [thoughts] of conventionally accepted limits .

Originally scheduled for November 1991 , the tour had been postponed following opinion surveys which suggested that Bush was widely perceived as concentrating too much on foreign affairs and too little on domestic considerations .
originally scheduled for november 1991 , the tour had been postponed following opinion surveys which suggested that bush was widely perceived as concentrating too much on foreign affairs and too little on domestic [thoughts] .

This subordination of all other considerations — including qualifications — to race , it was argued , would amount to a system of de facto racial job `` quotas `` , a term much used but with several different meanings .
this subordination of all other [thoughts] — including qualifications — to race , it was argued , would amount to a system of de facto racial job `` quotas `` , a term much used but with several different meanings .

Gore stated that his decision was based not upon political considerations but personal issues , particularly the welfare of his family .
gore stated that his decision was based not upon political [thoughts] but personal issues , particularly the welfare of his family .

Notwithstanding Gore 's insistence that his decision was based on personal considerations , the decision was widely seen as of great political significance .
notwithstanding gore 's insistence that his decision was based on personal [thoughts] , the decision was widely seen as of great political significance .

Importance of national security considerations
importance of national security [thoughts]

The settlers had claimed legal ownership of the houses in October and had made efforts to move in to the Silwan sector at that time , but the police had prevented them from doing so after the Attorney General , Yosef Harish , had recommended that they be barred from the properties on security considerations .
the settlers had claimed legal ownership of the houses in october and had made efforts to move in to the silwan sector at that time , but the police had prevented them from doing so after the attorney general , yosef harish , had recommended that they be barred from the properties on security [thoughts] .

Markets become more complex when not only price , quality and image affect the purchasing decision but other considerations such as the environmental compatibility of products do as well .
markets become more complex when not only price , quality and image affect the purchasing decision but other [thoughts] such as the environmental compatibility of products do as well .

This has led to intensive attempts to standardise costed `` packages of care `` which bring together considerations of outcome with workforce and workload planning .
this has led to intensive attempts to standardise costed `` packages of care `` which bring together [thoughts] of outcome with workforce and workload planning .

Positive attitudes : some basic considerations
positive attitudes : some basic [thoughts]

While all primary sources need to be assessed and handled with a degree of caution , with artist 's material there are additional considerations .
while all primary sources need to be assessed and handled with a degree of caution , with artist 's material there are additional [thoughts] .

Indeed it can be an excellent vehicle for exploring bias or interpretations of history , precisely because of the considerations outlined above .
indeed it can be an excellent vehicle for exploring bias or interpretations of history , precisely because of the [thoughts] outlined above .

The President of the Commission recognises this potential outcome when he states that `` with the reduction of exchange rate variability , it is important for the wage system to become more responsive to considerations of competitiveness `` .
the president of the commission recognises this potential outcome when he states that `` with the reduction of exchange rate variability , it is important for the wage system to become more responsive to [thoughts] of competitiveness `` .

And so it remained until the mid-1950s , by which time controls were as deficient in `` moral considerations `` as they were on `` logical and economic grounds `` .
and so it remained until the mid-1950s , by which time controls were as deficient in `` moral [thoughts] `` as they were on `` logical and economic grounds `` .

Most high quality kitchen equipment is manufactured in stainless steel for its strength , resistance to damage and for hygiene considerations .
most high quality kitchen equipment is manufactured in stainless steel for its strength , resistance to damage and for hygiene [thoughts] .

This area of law is affected by policy considerations , as the court will not wish to impose too heavy a burden on the defendant or his insurers .
this area of law is affected by policy [thoughts] , as the court will not wish to impose too heavy a burden on the defendant or his insurers .

To incorporate or not to incorporate — Fiscal Considerations
to incorporate or not to incorporate — fiscal [thoughts]

They could and often did , but that does not mean that practical considerations could be ignored : as a line in one of John Clare 's poems has it : `` Love without money brings winter for life `` .
they could and often did , but that does not mean that practical [thoughts] could be ignored : as a line in one of john clare 's poems has it : `` love without money brings winter for life `` .

Dr Randall has shown , in studies of the food rioting of 1766 and of the industrial strife of 1765 – 6 among the Gloucestershire woollen workers , `` a community of shared values and expectations `` incorporating beliefs and attitudes inexplicable by purely economic considerations underlying both forms of protest .
dr randall has shown , in studies of the food rioting of 1766 and of the industrial strife of 1765 – 6 among the gloucestershire woollen workers , `` a community of shared values and expectations `` incorporating beliefs and attitudes inexplicable by purely economic [thoughts] underlying both forms of protest .

There were occasions when a London crowd was activated by wider considerations .
there were occasions when a london crowd was activated by wider [thoughts] .

The above considerations imply that the path to the European currency union is unlikely to be smooth .
the above [thoughts] imply that the path to the european currency union is unlikely to be smooth .

This section describes the chart-based lexical access component and the theoretical and practical considerations which motivated certain choices in its design .
this section describes the chart-based lexical access component and the theoretical and practical [thoughts] which motivated certain choices in its design .

Just as syntax or semantics must determine whether the correct word is meat or meet , such considerations must ultimately decide whether the correct response is recognise or wreck a nice .
just as syntax or semantics must determine whether the correct word is meat or meet , such [thoughts] must ultimately decide whether the correct response is recognise or wreck a nice .

Some elements will be unprotected being idea , dictated by considerations of efficiency ( therefore necessarily incidental to idea ) , required by external factors ( scenes a faire doctrine ) , or taken from the public domain .
some elements will be unprotected being idea , dictated by [thoughts] of efficiency ( therefore necessarily incidental to idea ) , required by external factors ( scenes a faire doctrine ) , or taken from the public domain .

By section 1 ( 3 ) , a design shall not be registered if the appearance of the article is not material ; that is , if aesthetic considerations are not normally taken into account to a material extent by persons acquiring or using articles made to the design .
by section 1 ( 3 ) , a design shall not be registered if the appearance of the article is not material ; that is , if aesthetic [thoughts] are not normally taken into account to a material extent by persons acquiring or using articles made to the design .

The hilarious final rush of actions dominates the tale , and may provide a form of comic catharsis by which not only are potentially grave moral images and considerations emptied of their solemnity , but also the sympathy that it is difficult at times not to feel for the poor dupe , John , faithfully and helplessly in love with his wife , is overwhelmed by the sheer absurdity of this all-embracing climax .
the hilarious final rush of actions dominates the tale , and may provide a form of comic catharsis by which not only are potentially grave moral images and [thoughts] emptied of their solemnity , but also the sympathy that it is difficult at times not to feel for the poor dupe , john , faithfully and helplessly in love with his wife , is overwhelmed by the sheer absurdity of this all-embracing climax .

There is a rigid exclusion of considerations of meaning as a method of defining classes .
there is a rigid exclusion of [thoughts] of meaning as a method of defining classes .

It was frustrating to be cut off from such a view but of course the original builders of the house had not been impressed by such aesthetic considerations .
it was frustrating to be cut off from such a view but of course the original builders of the house had not been impressed by such aesthetic [thoughts] .

Later in the nineteenth century , following the work of Green and of Kelvin , thermodynamic considerations were introduced a well as the concept of a strain energy function .
later in the nineteenth century , following the work of green and of kelvin , thermodynamic [thoughts] were introduced a well as the concept of a strain energy function .

Thermodynamical considerations : the strain energy function
thermodynamical [thoughts] : the strain energy function

Where the strain energy function exists thermodynamical considerations imply that ( and ) and this reduces the number of independent components to 21 for the case of lowest symmetry , that is , the triclinic crystal .
where the strain energy function exists thermodynamical [thoughts] imply that ( and ) and this reduces the number of independent components to 21 for the case of lowest symmetry , that is , the triclinic crystal .

There are , however , even more important considerations to be made regarding the general constitutive relation .
there are , however , even more important [thoughts] to be made regarding the general constitutive relation .

One of the earliest considerations of scale in solids was by Sander ( 1930 ) in his work Gefügekunde der Gesteine , translatable as `` Structural Petrology `` .
one of the earliest [thoughts] of scale in solids was by sander ( 1930 ) in his work gefügekunde der gesteine , translatable as `` structural petrology `` .

The way to achieve this union , for Coleridge , was to expand the mind beyond its own individual state , so that it was able to incorporate its surroundings into its considerations , thus achieving a greater understanding of the general nature of its existence .
the way to achieve this union , for coleridge , was to expand the mind beyond its own individual state , so that it was able to incorporate its surroundings into its [thoughts] , thus achieving a greater understanding of the general nature of its existence .

Ethical considerations and volunteer selection
ethical [thoughts] and volunteer selection

Risk factors for delayed duodenal ulcer healing are mentioned in all textbooks as important considerations in the management of duodenal ulcer disease .
risk factors for delayed duodenal ulcer healing are mentioned in all textbooks as important [thoughts] in the management of duodenal ulcer disease .

Because of ethical considerations no placebo group was established and it is conceded that this inevitably limits the strength of overall conclusions made .
because of ethical [thoughts] no placebo group was established and it is conceded that this inevitably limits the strength of overall conclusions made .

The second finding is important when ethical and legal considerations require the experiments to be conducted under anaesthesia , as was the case in this study .
the second finding is important when ethical and legal [thoughts] require the experiments to be conducted under anaesthesia , as was the case in this study .

For example , environmental considerations have prompted the company to embark upon a halon replacement programme resulting in a range of alternative systems .
for example , environmental [thoughts] have prompted the company to embark upon a halon replacement programme resulting in a range of alternative systems .

However , if bankruptcy considerations are added to the case of Modigliani and Miller with taxes the results will tend to look like the traditional view once more .
however , if bankruptcy [thoughts] are added to the case of modigliani and miller with taxes the results will tend to look like the traditional view once more .

Values there are determined solely by ‘ real ’ considerations in this case the earning power of the firm 's assets and its investment policy and not by how the fruits of earning power are ‘ packaged ’ for distribution … .
values there are determined solely by ‘ real ’ [thoughts] in this case the earning power of the firm 's assets and its investment policy and not by how the fruits of earning power are ‘ packaged ’ for distribution … .

These are the basic considerations for getting ideas accepted and one should consciously work towards improving skill in this direction .
these are the basic [thoughts] for getting ideas accepted and one should consciously work towards improving skill in this direction .

Conversely , path a-g indicates unconstrained , even random , thoughts about the problem , unhindered by considerations of feasibility .
conversely , path a-g indicates unconstrained , even random , thoughts about the problem , unhindered by [thoughts] of feasibility .

That such a prolific goalscorer should choose a club renowned for their attacking play demonstrates the practical considerations which influenced his decision .
that such a prolific goalscorer should choose a club renowned for their attacking play demonstrates the practical [thoughts] which influenced his decision .

The fact that the loan losses of the banks remain heavy will force the Norwegian government to agree to the merger which otherwise might not square with its normally tough monopoly considerations .
the fact that the loan losses of the banks remain heavy will force the norwegian government to agree to the merger which otherwise might not square with its normally tough monopoly [thoughts] .

The two wingers were , in the manager 's words , ‘ brilliant against Poland at Wembley ’ , but tactical considerations had already precluded their selection in tandem next week .
the two wingers were , in the manager 's words , ‘ brilliant against poland at wembley ’ , but tactical [thoughts] had already precluded their selection in tandem next week .

Our work with Israel is based purely on business considerations .
our work with israel is based purely on business [thoughts] .

These were considerations which Fru Møller weighed carefully .
these were [thoughts] which fru møller weighed carefully .

Apart from other considerations , that would be to show a degree of involvement .
apart from other [thoughts] , that would be to show a degree of involvement .

The reasons for unionism can be placed in two broad categories : those specifically concerned with religion , and those which are concerned with a wider range of social , political , and economic considerations .
the reasons for unionism can be placed in two broad categories : those specifically concerned with religion , and those which are concerned with a wider range of social , political , and economic [thoughts] .

There are several other considerations , too , in shoeing horses .
there are several other [thoughts] , too , in shoeing horses .

That 's because large events involve extra considerations you never dreamed of when doing a small conference .
that 's because large events involve extra [thoughts] you never dreamed of when doing a small conference .

Here are some other staging considerations for you to think about .
here are some other staging [thoughts] for you to think about .

The size of the venue , therefore , is one of your first considerations and it might be helpful here to divide conferences into two types : Open and Closed .
the size of the venue , therefore , is one of your first [thoughts] and it might be helpful here to divide conferences into two types : open and closed .

These divisions influence all considerations in choosing your venue : accessibility , flexibility and presentational potential , facilities , crowd flow and that indefinable something — ‘ charisma ’ .
these divisions influence all [thoughts] in choosing your venue : accessibility , flexibility and presentational potential , facilities , crowd flow and that indefinable something — ‘ charisma ’ .

Also remember that accessibility considerations apply to the media if you want to attract them .
also remember that accessibility [thoughts] apply to the media if you want to attract them .

People are influenced not just by political parties or candidates but also by national , regional and local considerations .
people are influenced not just by political parties or candidates but also by national , regional and local [thoughts] .

As well as these general considerations there are particular things to bear in mind when meeting with people of certain age groups .
as well as these general [thoughts] there are particular things to bear in mind when meeting with people of certain age groups .

Even following the assassination in February of the leading Nazi functionary in Switzerland , Wilhelm Gustloff , by a young Jew , the proximity of the Winter Olympics and foreign policy considerations confined him to a single and , in his terms , relatively ‘ moderate ’ , speech at the funeral , attacking Jewry in generalized terms as the stimulus behind practically every political ‘ martyr ’ of the Right since the Revolution of 1918 .
even following the assassination in february of the leading nazi functionary in switzerland , wilhelm gustloff , by a young jew , the proximity of the winter olympics and foreign policy [thoughts] confined him to a single and , in his terms , relatively ‘ moderate ’ , speech at the funeral , attacking jewry in generalized terms as the stimulus behind practically every political ‘ martyr ’ of the right since the revolution of 1918 .

If considerations of foreign diplomacy , unquestionably influenced by his personal fears of the international power of world Jewry , were paramount , the protection of his prestige and standing among the German public was clearly also a matter of concern to Hitler .
if [thoughts] of foreign diplomacy , unquestionably influenced by his personal fears of the international power of world jewry , were paramount , the protection of his prestige and standing among the german public was clearly also a matter of concern to hitler .

Though at the very beginning of his political ‘ career ’ , Hitler had emphasized the need for anti-Semitism derived from ‘ reason ’ , not pure ‘ emotion ’ , there were — as is well known — no measures in the ‘ Jewish Question ’ which were too extreme for him , except on occasions where tactical considerations prevailed .
though at the very beginning of his political ‘ career ’ , hitler had emphasized the need for anti-semitism derived from ‘ reason ’ , not pure ‘ emotion ’ , there were — as is well known — no measures in the ‘ jewish question ’ which were too extreme for him , except on occasions where tactical [thoughts] prevailed .

For the traditional élites , it was not charisma but pragmatic power considerations which aligned them with Hitler .
for the traditional élites , it was not charisma but pragmatic power [thoughts] which aligned them with hitler .

However little ‘ charisma ’ had come into these considerations in 1933 , there seems no doubt that the ‘ Hitler myth ’ — or significant elements of it — played an important role in shaping the behaviour of the conservative élites in the following years in at least two ways .
however little ‘ charisma ’ had come into these [thoughts] in 1933 , there seems no doubt that the ‘ hitler myth ’ — or significant elements of it — played an important role in shaping the behaviour of the conservative élites in the following years in at least two ways .

Yet when the archbishopric finally became a reality in 968 , one sees that the emperor also had religious and pastoral considerations in mind .
yet when the archbishopric finally became a reality in 968 , one sees that the emperor also had religious and pastoral [thoughts] in mind .

But even when the information is thought to be reasonably complete and reliable , there are a number of considerations which have to be taken into account in the interpretation of the coins from any site .
but even when the information is thought to be reasonably complete and reliable , there are a number of [thoughts] which have to be taken into account in the interpretation of the coins from any site .

There are also more general considerations .
there are also more general [thoughts] .

But there were other considerations , too , of which self-interest was only one .
but there were other [thoughts] , too , of which self-interest was only one .

These two considerations , ethnic mépris and self-defence against socialism , rather that any abstract concern with the principle of descent , seem likely to have determined Kufra 's mandate to its delegates to the National Assembly , that there should be no possibility of naturalization whatever .
these two [thoughts] , ethnic mépris and self-defence against socialism , rather that any abstract concern with the principle of descent , seem likely to have determined kufra 's mandate to its delegates to the national assembly , that there should be no possibility of naturalization whatever .

In all these cases Zuwaya subordinated considerations of relative social position outside to relative positions inside the household .
in all these cases zuwaya subordinated [thoughts] of relative social position outside to relative positions inside the household .

But perhaps she could say nothing , for Alida would not like it , there would be financial considerations .
but perhaps she could say nothing , for alida would not like it , there would be financial [thoughts] .

Other considerations prevail .
other [thoughts] prevail .

Scottish Hydro decided to go to war , but with environmental considerations in mind opted for a psychological approach rather than the shotgun option .
scottish hydro decided to go to war , but with environmental [thoughts] in mind opted for a psychological approach rather than the shotgun option .

The Americans wanted the greatest possible acceleration of weapon production on behalf of the Atlantic Alliance in order to keep ahead of the Russians , but they insisted on two principles : first , that production and storage facilities should be located with due regard to strategic considerations , and that meant location in North America with minimum holdings in Europe ; and second , that there should be co-ordination of the American and British programmes to make best use of available expertise and resources , including exchange of scientists .
the americans wanted the greatest possible acceleration of weapon production on behalf of the atlantic alliance in order to keep ahead of the russians , but they insisted on two principles : first , that production and storage facilities should be located with due regard to strategic [thoughts] , and that meant location in north america with minimum holdings in europe ; and second , that there should be co-ordination of the american and british programmes to make best use of available expertise and resources , including exchange of scientists .

The factory , faced by demands from minority groups that it should not discharge its waste into the local river , will be unmoved by such considerations if its productivity and its economic survival depend upon keeping costs down .
the factory , faced by demands from minority groups that it should not discharge its waste into the local river , will be unmoved by such [thoughts] if its productivity and its economic survival depend upon keeping costs down .

For no matter how much it is objected that it can not be stated definitely from these considerations just what the thing is like according to its nature , but only what it is like in respect to one thing or to another , it may still be said what there is in it which makes it appear to be this in respect to one thing and that in respect to another ; and consequently it may be said both to be one thing according to its nature and to be this or that in respect to other things .
for no matter how much it is objected that it can not be stated definitely from these [thoughts] just what the thing is like according to its nature , but only what it is like in respect to one thing or to another , it may still be said what there is in it which makes it appear to be this in respect to one thing and that in respect to another ; and consequently it may be said both to be one thing according to its nature and to be this or that in respect to other things .

This appeal has been known to override other considerations .
this appeal has been known to override other [thoughts] .

Might such considerations explain Mrs Thatcher 's reluctance to join the system , at least before the next election ?
might such [thoughts] explain mrs thatcher 's reluctance to join the system , at least before the next election ?

There are also foreign policy considerations , for the loyalty of the Pashtuns has proved flexible throughout history .
there are also foreign policy [thoughts] , for the loyalty of the pashtuns has proved flexible throughout history .

Not that those considerations need worry Baggio , who has bought 52 stand tickets so that his entire family can watch him today .
not that those [thoughts] need worry baggio , who has bought 52 stand tickets so that his entire family can watch him today .

In the same issue , it is reported that Sir Anthony Hidden 's investigation into the Clapham Junction rail crash criticises British Rail for not preventing ‘ commercial considerations of a business-led railway from compromising safety , ’ and asserts that excessive overtime should be ended , and that there should be curbs on overcrowding in trains .
in the same issue , it is reported that sir anthony hidden 's investigation into the clapham junction rail crash criticises british rail for not preventing ‘ commercial [thoughts] of a business-led railway from compromising safety , ’ and asserts that excessive overtime should be ended , and that there should be curbs on overcrowding in trains .

Other measures proposed include action to tackle traffic flows , and greater environmental considerations of spending on new transport infrastructure .
other measures proposed include action to tackle traffic flows , and greater environmental [thoughts] of spending on new transport infrastructure .

The shares were all chosen with long-term considerations uppermost .
the shares were all chosen with long-term [thoughts] uppermost .

These considerations will be an important influence on collective bargaining .
these [thoughts] will be an important influence on collective bargaining .

Considerations of possible water shortage may also have partly influenced the Grand Union into adopting the narrow seven foot gauge for both the Foxton and Watford lock systems , thus constituting a permanent bottleneck for through traffic .
[thoughts] of possible water shortage may also have partly influenced the grand union into adopting the narrow seven foot gauge for both the foxton and watford lock systems , thus constituting a permanent bottleneck for through traffic .

To what then is the human psychobiological system adapted and what are the limits to which it can adjust without an excessive strain leading ultimately to reduced reproductive ability ? We simply do not know the answer to this question but brief mention of the complexity of a human individual 's environment may suffice at this point to indicate how elaborate the considerations will have to be .
to what then is the human psychobiological system adapted and what are the limits to which it can adjust without an excessive strain leading ultimately to reduced reproductive ability ? we simply do not know the answer to this question but brief mention of the complexity of a human individual 's environment may suffice at this point to indicate how elaborate the [thoughts] will have to be .

We have set up , for the first time , powerful co-ordinating machinery within Whitehall to ensure that environmental considerations are given due weight in all decision-making .
we have set up , for the first time , powerful co-ordinating machinery within whitehall to ensure that environmental [thoughts] are given due weight in all decision-making .

‘ The child must be protected beyond and above all considerations of race , nationality or creed ’ Eglantyne Jebb — founder , Save the Children . 1923
‘ the child must be protected beyond and above all [thoughts] of race , nationality or creed ’ eglantyne jebb — founder , save the children . 1923

The Transport Secretary , Mr Cecil Parkinson , assured the Commons yesterday that financial considerations would not stand in the way of implementing Sir Anthony Hidden 's 93 recommendations .
the transport secretary , mr cecil parkinson , assured the commons yesterday that financial [thoughts] would not stand in the way of implementing sir anthony hidden 's 93 recommendations .

Mr John Prescott , the shadow Transport Secretary , said the report showed clearly that safety had ‘ suffered at the expense of commercial considerations ’ .
mr john prescott , the shadow transport secretary , said the report showed clearly that safety had ‘ suffered at the expense of commercial [thoughts] ’ .

More than eight out of 10 consumers , out of a sample of about 1,500 , said their consumption of meat and fish was unaffected by health considerations and 60% did not care about calories , while more than half claimed not to worry about calories , while more than half claimed not to worry about salt , sugar or caffeine .
more than eight out of 10 consumers , out of a sample of about 1,500 , said their consumption of meat and fish was unaffected by health [thoughts] and 60% did not care about calories , while more than half claimed not to worry about calories , while more than half claimed not to worry about salt , sugar or caffeine .

Other considerations are price of energy and the way its use is controlled .
other [thoughts] are price of energy and the way its use is controlled .

Cost considerations also controlled the amount of restoration work which was undertaken .
cost [thoughts] also controlled the amount of restoration work which was undertaken .

It is plain that such essentially lightweight structures , the form of which is determined almost entirely by operational considerations , may offer few opportunities for conversion into comfortable living accommodation .
it is plain that such essentially lightweight structures , the form of which is determined almost entirely by operational [thoughts] , may offer few opportunities for conversion into comfortable living accommodation .

Fundamental considerations , such as looking for stocks which will beneift from sterling 's weakness , are out of the window , ’ said one bemused dealer .
fundamental [thoughts] , such as looking for stocks which will beneift from sterling 's weakness , are out of the window , ’ said one bemused dealer .

Considerations on which they seem to draw include : how they construe their role as members of the police , which is itself informed by their interpretation of the organizational mandate of the force , by informal organizational requirements and occupational culture , and by local community expectations ; their knowledge of locale ; whether constables are able to resolve the momentary demands of the situation ; and their ability to handle the complex mix of law enforcement , local expectations , and the need for good public relations .
[thoughts] on which they seem to draw include : how they construe their role as members of the police , which is itself informed by their interpretation of the organizational mandate of the force , by informal organizational requirements and occupational culture , and by local community expectations ; their knowledge of locale ; whether constables are able to resolve the momentary demands of the situation ; and their ability to handle the complex mix of law enforcement , local expectations , and the need for good public relations .

Hence it can be determined by practical considerations arising from the organization of police work , such as the time of the shift , the approach of shift change-over , the time of the year , considerations about overtime , and the dislike of paperwork ( Gardner 1969 : 132 ; Holdaway 1980 : 59 , 1983 : 57 ) .
hence it can be determined by practical [thoughts] arising from the organization of police work , such as the time of the shift , the approach of shift change-over , the time of the year , [thoughts] about overtime , and the dislike of paperwork ( gardner 1969 : 132 ; holdaway 1980 : 59 , 1983 : 57 ) .

Sensitive leniency is not the only principle operating , however , for constables also need to avoid being ‘ taken for a ride ’ by an unrealistic excuse which makes them look foolish . For example , a car was stopped for speeding or ‘ flying low ’ , and upon returning to the police vehicle the constable related the following considerations which influenced his assessment :
sensitive leniency is not the only principle operating , however , for constables also need to avoid being ‘ taken for a ride ’ by an unrealistic excuse which makes them look foolish . for example , a car was stopped for speeding or ‘ flying low ’ , and upon returning to the police vehicle the constable related the following [thoughts] which influenced his assessment :

If a critic has a very decided political or religious point of view , this can override other considerations in judgements about art ; the viewpoint may also give a bias to the description or interpretation made .
if a critic has a very decided political or religious point of view , this can override other [thoughts] in judgements about art ; the viewpoint may also give a bias to the description or interpretation made .

Considerations of illustrations aside , the reader will be hoping for enlightenment from the text .
[thoughts] of illustrations aside , the reader will be hoping for enlightenment from the text .

Considerations such as these would seem to lead inevitably towards what is often called a ‘ representational theory of the mind ’ .
[thoughts] such as these would seem to lead inevitably towards what is often called a ‘ representational theory of the mind ’ .

Always assess the special considerations and conditions for the day ( e.g cross winds , turbulence etc . )
always assess the special [thoughts] and conditions for the day ( e.g cross winds , turbulence etc . )

Are the values of sport commercial or ethical ? Will television dictate the future of sport or will the public demand deeper and wider coverage ? Can sport retain an ethical base or will its involvement with television mean that it becomes completely dominated and determined by financial considerations ?
are the values of sport commercial or ethical ? will television dictate the future of sport or will the public demand deeper and wider coverage ? can sport retain an ethical base or will its involvement with television mean that it becomes completely dominated and determined by financial [thoughts] ?

This is not the first time that such considerations have arisen for readers of his fiction .
this is not the first time that such [thoughts] have arisen for readers of his fiction .

These considerations affect the difficulties which attend Difficulties with girls , and which come to the fore with the most Amis-sounding of its characters , the male lead .
these [thoughts] affect the difficulties which attend difficulties with girls , and which come to the fore with the most amis-sounding of its characters , the male lead .

These are the practical considerations of the nature and limitations of wood as a material , on the one hand , and the visual effect one is trying to achieve on the other : the two are sometimes difficult to satisfy simultaneously .
these are the practical [thoughts] of the nature and limitations of wood as a material , on the one hand , and the visual effect one is trying to achieve on the other : the two are sometimes difficult to satisfy simultaneously .

Opportunities sometimes arise , however , for decorating objects with square or rectangular faces , or where certain considerations of function restrict the extent of possible ornament .
opportunities sometimes arise , however , for decorating objects with square or rectangular faces , or where certain [thoughts] of function restrict the extent of possible ornament .

Do n't leave these details to anyone else , because such apparently minor considerations can very quickly become major omissions if they are not looked after .
do n't leave these details to anyone else , because such apparently minor [thoughts] can very quickly become major omissions if they are not looked after .

The practical considerations involved in the storage of samples at a number of different conditions of temperature and humidity are related to the scale of the operation .
the practical [thoughts] involved in the storage of samples at a number of different conditions of temperature and humidity are related to the scale of the operation .

Such considerations in relation to temperature alone have been considered in an earlier section .
such [thoughts] in relation to temperature alone have been considered in an earlier section .

‘ Economic ’ considerations have forced our farming into extreme specialization where the basic rules of conservation and good husbandry ( indeed , some would say ethics ) are too often flouted .
‘ economic ’ [thoughts] have forced our farming into extreme specialization where the basic rules of conservation and good husbandry ( indeed , some would say ethics ) are too often flouted .

The siting of cowsheds in relation to hay and silage , access to roads and fields , aspects as regards sunlight and prevailing wind , proximity to the farmhouse , and drainage considerations , all deserve careful thought .
the siting of cowsheds in relation to hay and silage , access to roads and fields , aspects as regards sunlight and prevailing wind , proximity to the farmhouse , and drainage [thoughts] , all deserve careful thought .

Outside were the mountains of southern Greece , and in the days that followed there were more important considerations than hot water .
outside were the mountains of southern greece , and in the days that followed there were more important [thoughts] than hot water .

The old assumption that the best club sides were organised by the army and the secret police , who in turn provided the foundations of the national squads , had been overtaken by more commercial considerations .
the old assumption that the best club sides were organised by the army and the secret police , who in turn provided the foundations of the national squads , had been overtaken by more commercial [thoughts] .

These were considerations that could not be ignored by a Conservative leader , Austen Chamberlain had been toppled in 1922 because he had not withdrawn from an unpopular coalition in time ; and one of the motives for the destruction of the Lloyd George coalition was a desire to replace it by a protectionist government .
these were [thoughts] that could not be ignored by a conservative leader , austen chamberlain had been toppled in 1922 because he had not withdrawn from an unpopular coalition in time ; and one of the motives for the destruction of the lloyd george coalition was a desire to replace it by a protectionist government .

His economic theorizing , which remained at this period within the framework of neo-classical doctrine , was driven by policy considerations .
his economic theorizing , which remained at this period within the framework of neo-classical doctrine , was driven by policy [thoughts] .

It can also be argued that the economists ' justification for aid has never been its real rationale , but that political considerations of strategic security by the donors have conditioned its distribution and nature , in some cases even allowing military support to be classified as aid .
it can also be argued that the economists ' justification for aid has never been its real rationale , but that political [thoughts] of strategic security by the donors have conditioned its distribution and nature , in some cases even allowing military support to be classified as aid .

However the ‘ correct ’ economic policies are at best subjective and in any case other political considerations frequently come into play .
however the ‘ correct ’ economic policies are at best subjective and in any case other political [thoughts] frequently come into play .

However , the response of governments is likely to be more and more dogmatic , and be driven by considerations of ‘ security ’ ; there will be little willingness by those in power to defer to differing views even when these are held by a majority .
however , the response of governments is likely to be more and more dogmatic , and be driven by [thoughts] of ‘ security ’ ; there will be little willingness by those in power to defer to differing views even when these are held by a majority .

When there are such considerable demands on the Nation 's generosity to support many worthy causes , the Association feels privileged to receive their considerations .
when there are such considerable demands on the nation 's generosity to support many worthy causes , the association feels privileged to receive their [thoughts] .

In short , quite apart from economic or foreign policy considerations , the social momentum which had sustained the British throughout their difficult experiences since 1945 was not being maintained .
in short , quite apart from economic or foreign policy [thoughts] , the social momentum which had sustained the british throughout their difficult experiences since 1945 was not being maintained .

But in fact it rested on more pragmatic considerations of Anglo-French trade common to both Mrs Thatcher and President Mitterrand , along with the need to boost employment in south-east England and along the Pas de Calais .
but in fact it rested on more pragmatic [thoughts] of anglo-french trade common to both mrs thatcher and president mitterrand , along with the need to boost employment in south-east england and along the pas de calais .

After Britain 's entry into the Common Market in 1975 , trading links with the Commonwealth countries loomed much less large , as did defence considerations after the Wilson government withdrew Britain 's presence from ‘ east of Suez ’ in 1968–70 .
after britain 's entry into the common market in 1975 , trading links with the commonwealth countries loomed much less large , as did defence [thoughts] after the wilson government withdrew britain 's presence from ‘ east of suez ’ in 1968–70 .

The movement of Conrad 's Marlow back to Brussels and London is the movement back from the realization that death and life are one to the simple considerations of drinking , having a tune , and paying the rent , however much these may be ‘ nothing to me and nothing to you ’ .
the movement of conrad 's marlow back to brussels and london is the movement back from the realization that death and life are one to the simple [thoughts] of drinking , having a tune , and paying the rent , however much these may be ‘ nothing to me and nothing to you ’ .

He was also expanding his social thought in general considerations on how ‘ the word ‘ civilisation ’ comes to mean more and more : because it means all the things that we have gained , and want to keep and also all the good things that we have lost , and want to regain ' .
he was also expanding his social thought in general [thoughts] on how ‘ the word ‘ civilisation ’ comes to mean more and more : because it means all the things that we have gained , and want to keep and also all the good things that we have lost , and want to regain ' .

His considerations of political distraction and its dangers were panoramic in scope .
his [thoughts] of political distraction and its dangers were panoramic in scope .

Further , Baldwin discerns in the controversy an overlap of class anxieties and pragmatic political considerations — for example the wish to encourage home industries and discourage the buying of foreign goods ( Sumptuary Legislation , ch .
further , baldwin discerns in the controversy an overlap of class anxieties and pragmatic political [thoughts] — for example the wish to encourage home industries and discourage the buying of foreign goods ( sumptuary legislation , ch .

He shows how the treatment of sex is linked to wider political and economic considerations and therefore how changes in the political economic system will change even that apparently most private of institutions , marriage .
he shows how the treatment of sex is linked to wider political and economic [thoughts] and therefore how changes in the political economic system will change even that apparently most private of institutions , marriage .

The new policy will drop , for the first time since its introduction in the early Eighties , a presumption in favour of house-building at the expense of other conservation considerations .
the new policy will drop , for the first time since its introduction in the early eighties , a presumption in favour of house-building at the expense of other conservation [thoughts] .

Mr Lenarduzzi 's sleep is also disturbed by the thought that the interests of the nation may only be served at the expense of local needs or , indeed , that purely academic considerations might distort the wider implications of a proper education .
mr lenarduzzi 's sleep is also disturbed by the thought that the interests of the nation may only be served at the expense of local needs or , indeed , that purely academic [thoughts] might distort the wider implications of a proper education .

Process considerations
process [thoughts]

The problem of fume cupboards is a sensitive area and it may be argued that health and safety considerations are in conflict with energy efficiency .
the problem of fume cupboards is a sensitive area and it may be argued that health and safety [thoughts] are in conflict with energy efficiency .

Corrosion , flammability , toxicity , governmental restrictions , temperature considerations , air sensitivity etc .
corrosion , flammability , toxicity , governmental restrictions , temperature [thoughts] , air sensitivity etc .

Commercial considerations
commercial [thoughts]

Whatever the nature of the enquiry , the following commercial considerations apply :
whatever the nature of the enquiry , the following commercial [thoughts] apply :

This may lay extra stress upon him , and should give rise to considerations of how much stress may be alleviated .
this may lay extra stress upon him , and should give rise to [thoughts] of how much stress may be alleviated .

Sewel 's study ( 13 ) into the economic and social effects of centralised education in the rural areas of the Highlands and Islands found that ( a ) the structure of secondary school provision was not a crucial factor in migration , although the types of organisation most favoured by parents were the local two-year comprehensive school and the all-through comprehensive , located in the West , and ( h ) expectations and aspirations of both parents and pupils tended to be influenced by general social and economic conditions rather than specifically educational considerations .
sewel 's study ( 13 ) into the economic and social effects of centralised education in the rural areas of the highlands and islands found that ( a ) the structure of secondary school provision was not a crucial factor in migration , although the types of organisation most favoured by parents were the local two-year comprehensive school and the all-through comprehensive , located in the west , and ( h ) expectations and aspirations of both parents and pupils tended to be influenced by general social and economic conditions rather than specifically educational [thoughts] .

However , such considerations were overshadowed by an incident five months later .
however , such [thoughts] were overshadowed by an incident five months later .

There are also purist considerations : should the integrity of the original object be maintained , or may it be tampered with to display it to its best advantage ?
there are also purist [thoughts] : should the integrity of the original object be maintained , or may it be tampered with to display it to its best advantage ?

This may be derived from purely professional considerations but , realistically , it is best reinforced by the analyst having a direct ( but objective ) interest in the outcome of the analysis and the interpretation of the data .
this may be derived from purely professional [thoughts] but , realistically , it is best reinforced by the analyst having a direct ( but objective ) interest in the outcome of the analysis and the interpretation of the data .

He reminded everyone that good often comes out of change dictated by environmental considerations , for example his own company became involved in titanium dioxide extraction when looking for an alternative to white lead .
he reminded everyone that good often comes out of change dictated by environmental [thoughts] , for example his own company became involved in titanium dioxide extraction when looking for an alternative to white lead .

Nonetheless there are important reminders that any study of team level effects should not be divorced from considerations of the broader political and organizational context .
nonetheless there are important reminders that any study of team level effects should not be divorced from [thoughts] of the broader political and organizational context .

The concept is defined more strongly by criteria derived from developmental psychology and from concerns with socialization than by institutional considerations ( schools as the ‘ seat ’ of education ) .
the concept is defined more strongly by criteria derived from developmental psychology and from concerns with socialization than by institutional [thoughts] ( schools as the ‘ seat ’ of education ) .

Financial considerations played as important a role as ideological dogmas .
financial [thoughts] played as important a role as ideological dogmas .

Vital Considerations
vital [thoughts]

Secondary Considerations
secondary [thoughts]

Longer Term Considerations
longer term [thoughts]

They were sui generis , and were to be justified by considerations of policy .
they were sui generis , and were to be justified by [thoughts] of policy .

The whole doctrine of res judicata was based on considerations of judicial policy , was of great importance but was not paramount .
the whole doctrine of res judicata was based on [thoughts] of judicial policy , was of great importance but was not paramount .

Considerations of this kind have led the House of Lords Select Committee on Murder and Life Imprisonment to recommend the abolition of the mandatory sentence for murder .
[thoughts] of this kind have led the house of lords select committee on murder and life imprisonment to recommend the abolition of the mandatory sentence for murder .

There are many reasons why , in the early nineteenth century , different considerations would intrude on the modelling of a dissected female body rather than that of a male , but one conclusion we could draw from these figures is that the human norm is male , and the only reason to look at female bodies is for that which makes them female , i.e .
there are many reasons why , in the early nineteenth century , different [thoughts] would intrude on the modelling of a dissected female body rather than that of a male , but one conclusion we could draw from these figures is that the human norm is male , and the only reason to look at female bodies is for that which makes them female , i.e .

Most safety equipment is covered by British Standard specifications . Equipment made to a British Standard Specification should always be supplied whatever the financial or other considerations
most safety equipment is covered by british standard specifications . equipment made to a british standard specification should always be supplied whatever the financial or other [thoughts]

Therefore considerations of safety relate mainly to operational capability to handle chemicals safely and not so much to the characteristics of the product .
therefore [thoughts] of safety relate mainly to operational capability to handle chemicals safely and not so much to the characteristics of the product .

For those at the lower and middle grades , job security and risk-minimisation in decision-making may be their most important considerations in the execution of their duties , since government employment in many lesser developed countries is relatively secure ( compared with other jobs available ) , with special privileges such as pensions , health services , government schooling and housing .
for those at the lower and middle grades , job security and risk-minimisation in decision-making may be their most important [thoughts] in the execution of their duties , since government employment in many lesser developed countries is relatively secure ( compared with other jobs available ) , with special privileges such as pensions , health services , government schooling and housing .

Thus considerations of job security , avoidance of reprimand , and conditions of work , are further tempered by reciprocity and reliance upon local people .
thus [thoughts] of job security , avoidance of reprimand , and conditions of work , are further tempered by reciprocity and reliance upon local people .

Apart from the efforts of transnational companies already mentioned , there are other strategic and financial considerations .
apart from the efforts of transnational companies already mentioned , there are other strategic and financial [thoughts] .

Picturesque asymmetry appealed to him because it enabled him to allow the logical sequence of the rooms and considerations of service and privacy to determine the entire plan from of the house without any unnecessary duplication of accommodation .
picturesque asymmetry appealed to him because it enabled him to allow the logical sequence of the rooms and [thoughts] of service and privacy to determine the entire plan from of the house without any unnecessary duplication of accommodation .

In a hospice , hot water requirements dominate energy-use considerations yet there was no evidence that aspect this was fully understood .
in a hospice , hot water requirements dominate energy-use [thoughts] yet there was no evidence that aspect this was fully understood .

Such considerations disregarded key factors in the conflict , above all the will of the Palestinians themselves .
such [thoughts] disregarded key factors in the conflict , above all the will of the palestinians themselves .

Also , the United States and Israel had different considerations for a settlement .
also , the united states and israel had different [thoughts] for a settlement .

Quite naturally , therefore , each Arab government was guided by its own considerations rather than the best interests of the refugees .
quite naturally , therefore , each arab government was guided by its own [thoughts] rather than the best interests of the refugees .

The Congress soon found its desire to implement a return , regardless of political considerations , opposed not only by Israel but by the Arab states , and even the Palestinian Arab Higher Committee itself , which did not welcome this challenge to their authority in the management of negotiations with the enemy .
the congress soon found its desire to implement a return , regardless of political [thoughts] , opposed not only by israel but by the arab states , and even the palestinian arab higher committee itself , which did not welcome this challenge to their authority in the management of negotiations with the enemy .

Evidently Jordan could not trust even its old clients , unless they were bound to the East Bank by powerful economic considerations .
evidently jordan could not trust even its old clients , unless they were bound to the east bank by powerful economic [thoughts] .

The considerations just advanced led Lubow et al .
the [thoughts] just advanced led lubow et al .

In other words , considerations of generalization decrement give reason to expect an overshadowing effect in flavour-aversion experiments but not in the conditioned suppression experiments .
in other words , [thoughts] of generalization decrement give reason to expect an overshadowing effect in flavour-aversion experiments but not in the conditioned suppression experiments .

For both these groups the attentional response should be present and the test environment arousing , and thus the considerations introduced by Lubow , Rifkin , and Alek ( 1976 ) give no grounds for predicting the result observed .
for both these groups the attentional response should be present and the test environment arousing , and thus the [thoughts] introduced by lubow , rifkin , and alek ( 1976 ) give no grounds for predicting the result observed .

However , financial and political considerations are also thought to have strongly influenced the decision .
however , financial and political [thoughts] are also thought to have strongly influenced the decision .

‘ There are security considerations with so many people coming , ’ said one of the organisers coyly .
‘ there are security [thoughts] with so many people coming , ’ said one of the organisers coyly .

But the Fed 's timing may not have been based entirely on domestic considerations .
but the fed 's timing may not have been based entirely on domestic [thoughts] .

There are , after all , considerations of taste or , if that 's too namby-pamby , of simple decency .
there are , after all , [thoughts] of taste or , if that 's too namby-pamby , of simple decency .

International Paint 's well-established Jet-Dry Japlac now also comes in a handy aerosol to complement the existing range of standard cans , available in 750ml , 500ml , 250ml , and 125ml sizes , and to facilitate application in awkward areas , or where speed and convenience are prime considerations .
international paint 's well-established jet-dry japlac now also comes in a handy aerosol to complement the existing range of standard cans , available in 750ml , 500ml , 250ml , and 125ml sizes , and to facilitate application in awkward areas , or where speed and convenience are prime [thoughts] .

The revival of takeover speculation — there is little doubt that European and Japanese buyers lurk — has occurred at a time when the merchant bankers , after a long period in the doldrums , are enjoying a rerating on trading considerations .
the revival of takeover speculation — there is little doubt that european and japanese buyers lurk — has occurred at a time when the merchant bankers , after a long period in the doldrums , are enjoying a rerating on trading [thoughts] .

Special considerations ?
special [thoughts] ?

‘ If a department has an internal review it can get bogged down in internal considerations .
‘ if a department has an internal review it can get bogged down in internal [thoughts] .

The major exception to these considerations is the vigorous Jacques Derrida , an admired figure in both the French and the American academic worlds , and a man whose dominance in contemporary critical theory is inescapable .
the major exception to these [thoughts] is the vigorous jacques derrida , an admired figure in both the french and the american academic worlds , and a man whose dominance in contemporary critical theory is inescapable .

Similar considerations make me sometimes decline to examine students from foreign parts .
similar [thoughts] make me sometimes decline to examine students from foreign parts .

The above considerations are simply meant to signal my conviction that a change of balance is desirable , with a move away from the narrow professionalism of the academy , and a modest return to the original motives of the discipline of English .
the above [thoughts] are simply meant to signal my conviction that a change of balance is desirable , with a move away from the narrow professionalism of the academy , and a modest return to the original motives of the discipline of english .

The sense of betrayal has been deepened by London 's refusal to acknowledge any moral responsibility to provide general refuge ; instead , it has claimed that domestic political considerations demand the exclusion of potentially millions of Chinese immigrants .
the sense of betrayal has been deepened by london 's refusal to acknowledge any moral responsibility to provide general refuge ; instead , it has claimed that domestic political [thoughts] demand the exclusion of potentially millions of chinese immigrants .

There are other considerations to be taken into account when the ballet has a story .
there are other [thoughts] to be taken into account when the ballet has a story .

Similar considerations have to be given to ballets on a theme and to ballets that interpret music where the composer 's own structure should inspire the design ( see page 41 ) . Texture
similar [thoughts] have to be given to ballets on a theme and to ballets that interpret music where the composer 's own structure should inspire the design ( see page 41 ) . texture

In deciding to use a particular occupational process in his design a choreographer has four considerations :
in deciding to use a particular occupational process in his design a choreographer has four [thoughts] :

‘ Very serious grounds are needed to infringe anonymity , and it is generally accepted even by the Swedish judiciary that the public 's right to be informed takes precedence over law and order considerations , ’ said Ms Frances D'Souza , director of Article 19 , the International Campaign against Censorship .
‘ very serious grounds are needed to infringe anonymity , and it is generally accepted even by the swedish judiciary that the public 's right to be informed takes precedence over law and order [thoughts] , ’ said ms frances d'souza , director of article 19 , the international campaign against censorship .

Baronness Warnock ( Ind ) , whose 1986 report forms the basis of the bill , said it would be a paradox if ‘ we democratic and increasingly educated people should … put ourselves back into the 17th century , when the question of whether or not Galileo and indeed Descartes might pursue and publish their scientific findings was regulated not by scientific considerations , but by religious considerations . ’
baronness warnock ( ind ) , whose 1986 report forms the basis of the bill , said it would be a paradox if ‘ we democratic and increasingly educated people should … put ourselves back into the 17th century , when the question of whether or not galileo and indeed descartes might pursue and publish their scientific findings was regulated not by scientific [thoughts] , but by religious [thoughts] . ’

Equally important was the existence of a ruling class willing to put commercial considerations before personal gain .
equally important was the existence of a ruling class willing to put commercial [thoughts] before personal gain .

One arises out of the need for state provision of education to be efficient and economical , which means that policy considerations might outweigh individual parental preference .
one arises out of the need for state provision of education to be efficient and economical , which means that policy [thoughts] might outweigh individual parental preference .

The 1986 Act states ( in section 46 ) that sex education should be given in such a way as to encourage pupils to ‘ have due regard to moral considerations and the value of family life ’ .
the 1986 act states ( in section 46 ) that sex education should be given in such a way as to encourage pupils to ‘ have due regard to moral [thoughts] and the value of family life ’ .

2 ) Act , which as shown above requires sex education to be given in a way that encourages pupils to have regard for ‘ moral considerations and the value of family life ’ , prohibits discussion of homosexuality .
2 ) act , which as shown above requires sex education to be given in a way that encourages pupils to have regard for ‘ moral [thoughts] and the value of family life ’ , prohibits discussion of homosexuality .

For one thing , ‘ moral considerations ’ will inevitably be viewed subjectively .
for one thing , ‘ moral [thoughts] ’ will inevitably be viewed subjectively .

Instead , they are guided by institutional and functional considerations rather than moral principles .
instead , they are guided by institutional and functional [thoughts] rather than moral principles .

Lawrence Stone has put forward a highly influential argument that the eighteenth century saw the rise of the companionate marriage , and that affection between husband and wife was for the first time widely judged as important as economic considerations in marriage This argument has been widely challenged in relation to all classes by historians examining various kinds of evidence from the seventeenth century and earlier The belief that affection as an ideal of marriage was basically invented by the middle and upper classes in the eighteenth century has , however , led some critics into simplistic views .
lawrence stone has put forward a highly influential argument that the eighteenth century saw the rise of the companionate marriage , and that affection between husband and wife was for the first time widely judged as important as economic [thoughts] in marriage this argument has been widely challenged in relation to all classes by historians examining various kinds of evidence from the seventeenth century and earlier the belief that affection as an ideal of marriage was basically invented by the middle and upper classes in the eighteenth century has , however , led some critics into simplistic views .

Labouring poets in the eighteenth century have been the subject of lengthy considerations by a number of critics , commencing with Robert Southey 's ‘ An Introductory Essay on the Lives and Works of Our Uneducated Poets ’ ( 1831 ) .
labouring poets in the eighteenth century have been the subject of lengthy [thoughts] by a number of critics , commencing with robert southey 's ‘ an introductory essay on the lives and works of our uneducated poets ’ ( 1831 ) .

French interests in Italy were based on both political and economic considerations — both , in a sense , strategic .
french interests in italy were based on both political and economic [thoughts] — both , in a sense , strategic .

First , they may be designed not finally to determine what is to be done in certain circumstances but merely to determine what ought to be done on the basis of certain considerations .
first , they may be designed not finally to determine what is to be done in certain circumstances but merely to determine what ought to be done on the basis of certain [thoughts] .

It will then replace economic considerations but no others .
it will then replace economic [thoughts] but no others .

Or the authority may direct that the final decision must be based on economic considerations only , thus replacing all but the economic factors .
or the authority may direct that the final decision must be based on economic [thoughts] only , thus replacing all but the economic factors .

The same general considerations apply to directives issued by authorities .
the same general [thoughts] apply to directives issued by authorities .

Sometimes the best way to reach decisions which reflect the reasons which apply to the subjects is to adopt an indirect strategy and follow rules and considerations which do not themselves apply to the authority 's subjects .
sometimes the best way to reach decisions which reflect the reasons which apply to the subjects is to adopt an indirect strategy and follow rules and [thoughts] which do not themselves apply to the authority 's subjects .

The clearest example of considerations which affect authoritative decisions but which do not apply to individuals acting on their own are considerations arising out of the needs and limitations of bureaucracies .
the clearest example of [thoughts] which affect authoritative decisions but which do not apply to individuals acting on their own are [thoughts] arising out of the needs and limitations of bureaucracies .

Bureaucratic factors have to be considered alongside substantive considerations which do apply to the individual subjects of the law or any other authority .
bureaucratic factors have to be considered alongside substantive [thoughts] which do apply to the individual subjects of the law or any other authority .

The intrusion of the bureaucratic considerations is likely to lead to solutions which differ in many cases from those an individual should have adopted if left to himself .
the intrusion of the bureaucratic [thoughts] is likely to lead to solutions which differ in many cases from those an individual should have adopted if left to himself .

Reliance on such considerations is justified if and to the extent that they enable authorities to reach decisions which , when taken as a whole , better reflect the reasons which apply to the subjects .
reliance on such [thoughts] is justified if and to the extent that they enable authorities to reach decisions which , when taken as a whole , better reflect the reasons which apply to the subjects .

That is , an authority may rely on considerations which do not apply to its subjects when doing so reliably leads to decisions which approximate better than any which would have been reached by any other procedure , to those decisions best supported by reasons which apply to the subjects .
that is , an authority may rely on [thoughts] which do not apply to its subjects when doing so reliably leads to decisions which approximate better than any which would have been reached by any other procedure , to those decisions best supported by reasons which apply to the subjects .

These considerations point to another way in which the no difference thesis distorts .
these [thoughts] point to another way in which the no difference thesis distorts .

Many grown-up people feel obliged by such considerations to continue to acknowledge the authority of their parents over them .
many grown-up people feel obliged by such [thoughts] to continue to acknowledge the authority of their parents over them .

Slightly different considerations show that some reasons for recognizing the authority of another are secondary .
slightly different [thoughts] show that some reasons for recognizing the authority of another are secondary .

These considerations explain why to say of someone that he is entitled to have authority means that he should be in a position of real power and then he will have legitimate authority .
these [thoughts] explain why to say of someone that he is entitled to have authority means that he should be in a position of real power and then he will have legitimate authority .

Another cluster of recurring considerations concerns the intrinsic desirability of people conducting their own life by their own lights .
another cluster of recurring [thoughts] concerns the intrinsic desirability of people conducting their own life by their own lights .

The case for the validity of a claim to authority must include justificatory considerations sufficient to outweigh such counter-reasons .
the case for the validity of a claim to authority must include justificatory [thoughts] sufficient to outweigh such counter-reasons .

They mediate between deeper-level considerations and concrete decisions .
they mediate between deeper-level [thoughts] and concrete decisions .

Ultimately , however , directives and rules derive their force from the considerations which justify them .
ultimately , however , directives and rules derive their force from the [thoughts] which justify them .

That is , they do not add further weight to their justifying considerations .
that is , they do not add further weight to their justifying [thoughts] .

Whatever force they have is completely exhausted by those underlying considerations .
whatever force they have is completely exhausted by those underlying [thoughts] .

Does it not add to the reasons for which they have to act , and to the considerations which may justify their authority ?
does it not add to the reasons for which they have to act , and to the [thoughts] which may justify their authority ?

If it is binding on individuals it has to be justified by considerations which bind them .
if it is binding on individuals it has to be justified by [thoughts] which bind them .

The importance of these considerations again will vary from person to person , and from one society to another .
the importance of these [thoughts] again will vary from person to person , and from one society to another .

The people over whom governments have authority , the kind of considerations which their instructions pre-empt and the areas of activities over which they have authority are all , to the extent that they are determined by the normal justification thesis , less extensive than the claims made by governments and by the law .
the people over whom governments have authority , the kind of [thoughts] which their instructions pre-empt and the areas of activities over which they have authority are all , to the extent that they are determined by the normal justification thesis , less extensive than the claims made by governments and by the law .

These provide the framework within which generally valid considerations justify the specific ways through which people can impose moral demands upon themselves and can endow their lives with value or with moral significance .
these provide the framework within which generally valid [thoughts] justify the specific ways through which people can impose moral demands upon themselves and can endow their lives with value or with moral significance .

Broadly speaking , such considerations refer to two kinds of moral value .
broadly speaking , such [thoughts] refer to two kinds of moral value .

Can its validity ever be established by instrumental considerations alone ?
can its validity ever be established by instrumental [thoughts] alone ?

Noninstrumental considerations do that because they show consent itself to be independently valuable .
noninstrumental [thoughts] do that because they show consent itself to be independently valuable .

These considerations adumbrate the argument for the secondary role of consent in the justification of authority .
these [thoughts] adumbrate the argument for the secondary role of consent in the justification of authority .

Considerations of this kind would lead to a good deal of common authority , that is they would legitimate the authority of a government over all its subjects regarding a certain range of issues .
[thoughts] of this kind would lead to a good deal of common authority , that is they would legitimate the authority of a government over all its subjects regarding a certain range of issues .

Beyond that it will have authority regarding other issues which is based on other considerations , such as superior expertise , economy of effort , immunity from temptations and blackmail .
beyond that it will have authority regarding other issues which is based on other [thoughts] , such as superior expertise , economy of effort , immunity from temptations and blackmail .

The misleadingly alarming appearance of our conclusions results from the fact that they show that where conformity is called for it is based only some of the time , and less often than is often imagined , on the legitimate authority of the government , and often on other considerations .
the misleadingly alarming appearance of our conclusions results from the fact that they show that where conformity is called for it is based only some of the time , and less often than is often imagined , on the legitimate authority of the government , and often on other [thoughts] .

Interrelated as these four issues undoubtedly are , they do each bring into play independent considerations .
interrelated as these four issues undoubtedly are , they do each bring into play independent [thoughts] .

This reflects the fact that several kinds of considerations may lead to different and incompatible policies all of which are commonly regarded as policies of neutrality , because all of them demonstrate an even-handed treatment of the parties either by not helping one more than the other , or by not helping one more than the other to take special measures to improve his position in the conflict , and so on .
this reflects the fact that several kinds of [thoughts] may lead to different and incompatible policies all of which are commonly regarded as policies of neutrality , because all of them demonstrate an even-handed treatment of the parties either by not helping one more than the other , or by not helping one more than the other to take special measures to improve his position in the conflict , and so on .

They are not more controversial nor more evaluative than some of the psychological facts available to the parties , such as the Aristotelian principle and the considerations concerning self-respect on which the priority of liberty is based ( cf .
they are not more controversial nor more evaluative than some of the psychological facts available to the parties , such as the aristotelian principle and the [thoughts] concerning self-respect on which the priority of liberty is based ( cf .

So her former connection with Rustenburg , and the presence there of his brother , may have been among the considerations that prompted Herbert Cranko to choose that town when he found it necessary to settle down after a roving life .
so her former connection with rustenburg , and the presence there of his brother , may have been among the [thoughts] that prompted herbert cranko to choose that town when he found it necessary to settle down after a roving life .

Based on evolutionary considerations , the small anterior digit is designated digit 2 , the large central one as digit 3 , and the posterior , middle-sized digit , as digit 4 .
based on evolutionary [thoughts] , the small anterior digit is designated digit 2 , the large central one as digit 3 , and the posterior , middle-sized digit , as digit 4 .

This policy of river clearance was originally supported by two fundamental considerations .
this policy of river clearance was originally supported by two fundamental [thoughts] .

Motivated partly by political considerations , partly by educational theory only indirectly political in content , teachers and the trainers of teachers rejected absolutely the idea that education should be directed towards any service or economic end .
motivated partly by political [thoughts] , partly by educational theory only indirectly political in content , teachers and the trainers of teachers rejected absolutely the idea that education should be directed towards any service or economic end .

Especially in secondary schools , teachers have always been subject to the constraints of this system , based on what their pupils need in the way of qualifications , as well as the more general considerations of what their pupils ought to know .
especially in secondary schools , teachers have always been subject to the constraints of this system , based on what their pupils need in the way of qualifications , as well as the more general [thoughts] of what their pupils ought to know .

It is such considerations of equity and judgement that make the course-work component in examinations suspect , however much its assessment may be regulated by published sets of criteria .
it is such [thoughts] of equity and judgement that make the course-work component in examinations suspect , however much its assessment may be regulated by published sets of criteria .

How many times have you been walking with someone who does that all the time , regardless of climatic considerations , and wanted to deliver a rabbit punch to the back of their neck when they stop for the tenth time that day and begin the ponderous unclipping of their rucksack ?
how many times have you been walking with someone who does that all the time , regardless of climatic [thoughts] , and wanted to deliver a rabbit punch to the back of their neck when they stop for the tenth time that day and begin the ponderous unclipping of their rucksack ?

For classifications involve considerations of reason and policy over and above mere empirical data .
for classifications involve [thoughts] of reason and policy over and above mere empirical data .

Instead , the more legitimate approach is to demand that those who maintain the existing system in the face of scientific development must justify their position by pointing to these considerations of reason and policy .
instead , the more legitimate approach is to demand that those who maintain the existing system in the face of scientific development must justify their position by pointing to these [thoughts] of reason and policy .

The justification advanced — and clearly it has some validity — is that medical opinion is divided , or , more important , that the legal concept is of a different nature from the medical , involving considerations other than the mere question of scientific evidence , such as notions of responsibility or the common good .
the justification advanced — and clearly it has some validity — is that medical opinion is divided , or , more important , that the legal concept is of a different nature from the medical , involving [thoughts] other than the mere question of scientific evidence , such as notions of responsibility or the common good .

These are important considerations ; but you must ask whether they are a good reason to opt for non-intervention , or , rather , a reason to improve the support services available to parents or the institutions which house such children .
these are important [thoughts] ; but you must ask whether they are a good reason to opt for non-intervention , or , rather , a reason to improve the support services available to parents or the institutions which house such children .

Fundamentally , politicians in our system are almost always guided by two considerations : first , short-term gains , since their horizons stretch only to the next election ; second , public pressure if it is strong enough to suggest that votes depend on their response .
fundamentally , politicians in our system are almost always guided by two [thoughts] : first , short-term gains , since their horizons stretch only to the next election ; second , public pressure if it is strong enough to suggest that votes depend on their response .

For although we frequently find in paintings of this period that a number of consecutive scenes are represented simultaneously in one picture , in other ways temporal considerations came to exert a decisive influence — in particular , causing painting a secco to replace al fresco , or true fresco , since the very long apprenticeship that pupils had to serve before they became proficient in fresco painting could not be maintained , and a successful painter had to work fast in order to handle all the commissions that he received .
for although we frequently find in paintings of this period that a number of consecutive scenes are represented simultaneously in one picture , in other ways temporal [thoughts] came to exert a decisive influence — in particular , causing painting a secco to replace al fresco , or true fresco , since the very long apprenticeship that pupils had to serve before they became proficient in fresco painting could not be maintained , and a successful painter had to work fast in order to handle all the commissions that he received .

For those of us who are not free to live exactly where we want picking a place to live is very , very important . The following is a checklist of the first three considerations which should be taken into account before anything else :
for those of us who are not free to live exactly where we want picking a place to live is very , very important . the following is a checklist of the first three [thoughts] which should be taken into account before anything else :

Your mobility to some extent governs the other two considerations .
your mobility to some extent governs the other two [thoughts] .

The effect of this Act has been to inspire a greater sense of caution in British film-makers regarding the involvement of children in immodest or suggestive photography , and restrictions on importing such material might well spread these considerations abroad .
the effect of this act has been to inspire a greater sense of caution in british film-makers regarding the involvement of children in immodest or suggestive photography , and restrictions on importing such material might well spread these [thoughts] abroad .

Amongst such considerations , however , there must still be room for the needs of society , for what the European Convention calls ‘ the protection of health or morals ’ .
amongst such [thoughts] , however , there must still be room for the needs of society , for what the european convention calls ‘ the protection of health or morals ’ .

The only member of the surrogacy team who appears to be unscathed by financial considerations is the obstetrician .
the only member of the surrogacy team who appears to be unscathed by financial [thoughts] is the obstetrician .

It is worth reminding oneself , therefore , that the institution of marriage , which is so often held up as the ideal against which other relationships are to be measured , is certainly not unaffected by financial considerations .
it is worth reminding oneself , therefore , that the institution of marriage , which is so often held up as the ideal against which other relationships are to be measured , is certainly not unaffected by financial [thoughts] .

Today 's forester is guided in his work by a number of considerations :
today 's forester is guided in his work by a number of [thoughts] :

Here spoke the man of destiny whose singleness of purpose overrode all other considerations .
here spoke the man of destiny whose singleness of purpose overrode all other [thoughts] .

The concept of allyah — immigration to Palestine to live on agricultural settlements — was a passionate ideal which took priority over all other considerations .
the concept of allyah — immigration to palestine to live on agricultural settlements — was a passionate ideal which took priority over all other [thoughts] .

Some Basic Courtship Considerations
some basic courtship [thoughts]

Little considerations such as replacing a magazine in the rack rather than leaving it lying on the couch , bringing the milk in off the step or refilling the ice cube tray , and a thousand little tailor-made considerations .
little [thoughts] such as replacing a magazine in the rack rather than leaving it lying on the couch , bringing the milk in off the step or refilling the ice cube tray , and a thousand little tailor-made [thoughts] .

Career considerations :
career [thoughts] :

When one considers that the family is the basic unit of society , it is not surprising to find it also embodies some very logical management considerations as well .
when one considers that the family is the basic unit of society , it is not surprising to find it also embodies some very logical management [thoughts] as well .

Some Practical Considerations
some practical [thoughts]

It is only through learning and understanding these considerations that we can really love our partner sexually .
it is only through learning and understanding these [thoughts] that we can really love our partner sexually .

It is now , at the instant of eye-to-eye contact , that considerations of the employment prospects in Australia will cross your mind , as will whether God will , in His infinite mercy , cause a Black Hole to appear on the dance-floor , immediately beneath your feet for preference .
it is now , at the instant of eye-to-eye contact , that [thoughts] of the employment prospects in australia will cross your mind , as will whether god will , in his infinite mercy , cause a black hole to appear on the dance-floor , immediately beneath your feet for preference .

Other considerations are the least diameter for a given breaking strain ; anti-kink properties ; elasticity and colour .
other [thoughts] are the least diameter for a given breaking strain ; anti-kink properties ; elasticity and colour .

Marx believed that capitalist values were completely determined by considerations of productivity .
marx believed that capitalist values were completely determined by [thoughts] of productivity .

It was purely financial considerations that led Asquith to set eligibility for pensions at the arbitrary age of 70 ) even though 65 was the age used by most occupational and charitable pension schemes .
it was purely financial [thoughts] that led asquith to set eligibility for pensions at the arbitrary age of 70 ) even though 65 was the age used by most occupational and charitable pension schemes .

purely economic approaches to healthcare provision are balanced by humanitarian and ethical considerations which value the lives and well-being of older people ;
purely economic approaches to healthcare provision are balanced by humanitarian and ethical [thoughts] which value the lives and well-being of older people ;

In his report Sir Edward said that planning matters and roads had been the association 's major considerations .
in his report sir edward said that planning matters and roads had been the association 's major [thoughts] .

‘ The composition of your Cabinet ’ , Brook told Churchill , ‘ must be influenced by personal and political considerations .
‘ the composition of your cabinet ’ , brook told churchill , ‘ must be influenced by personal and political [thoughts] .

Cabinet business always involves a mixture of political and specialist ( or administrative ) considerations .
cabinet business always involves a mixture of political and specialist ( or administrative ) [thoughts] .

In a war , however , the two considerations arguably tug in opposite directions .
in a war , however , the two [thoughts] arguably tug in opposite directions .

Yet the resort to arms is by definition a crisis of politics , and to neglect the political response for the sake of military considerations may be just as perilous .
yet the resort to arms is by definition a crisis of politics , and to neglect the political response for the sake of military [thoughts] may be just as perilous .

The general impression is of a body strongly affected by political considerations .
the general impression is of a body strongly affected by political [thoughts] .

This chapter attempts to highlight some of the ways that policy considerations affect the provision of materials in academic and public libraries .
this chapter attempts to highlight some of the ways that policy [thoughts] affect the provision of materials in academic and public libraries .

The policy considerations underlying provision are largely determined by the nature of the parent institution , or in the case of public libraries by national legislation .
the policy [thoughts] underlying provision are largely determined by the nature of the parent institution , or in the case of public libraries by national legislation .

Selection of stock should always be dictated by considerations of quality , rather than commercial pressures .
selection of stock should always be dictated by [thoughts] of quality , rather than commercial pressures .

Although a lack of continuity of part-time workers and the difficulty of accruing experience may partially justify higher demands on volunteers , nevertheless the outer London suburbs suspect that the heavy demand of a 2-day-a-week commitment now placed on all new London volunteers stems not from these practical considerations but from a poor stereotypical image of the volunteer and from a negative attitude towards volunteering in general .
although a lack of continuity of part-time workers and the difficulty of accruing experience may partially justify higher demands on volunteers , nevertheless the outer london suburbs suspect that the heavy demand of a 2-day-a-week commitment now placed on all new london volunteers stems not from these practical [thoughts] but from a poor stereotypical image of the volunteer and from a negative attitude towards volunteering in general .

Three benefits have been replaced by an entirely new set of conditions and considerations : supplementary benefit has been replaced by income support ; family income supplement by family credit ; and single payment by the social fund .
three benefits have been replaced by an entirely new set of conditions and [thoughts] : supplementary benefit has been replaced by income support ; family income supplement by family credit ; and single payment by the social fund .

When they compete locally , they do so in the same way as other moral considerations which we know we have to reconcile somehow .
when they compete locally , they do so in the same way as other moral [thoughts] which we know we have to reconcile somehow .

Your employer 's reaction to your ill health will be governed by a variety of considerations , such as :
your employer 's reaction to your ill health will be governed by a variety of [thoughts] , such as :

Although there may be a great temptation to seek alternative employment at the earliest opportunity , you should weigh up considerations such as :
although there may be a great temptation to seek alternative employment at the earliest opportunity , you should weigh up [thoughts] such as :

Financial considerations are likely to have played an important part in the decision that redundancies are necessary .
financial [thoughts] are likely to have played an important part in the decision that redundancies are necessary .

Even where vital commercial considerations explain a failure to consult , an employer may be held to have acted unfairly .
even where vital commercial [thoughts] explain a failure to consult , an employer may be held to have acted unfairly .

The Council guidelines on bioethics in health care cover considerations such as confidentiality and data protection and insist that no-one should be compelled to undergo testing for social benefits , employment or education .
the council guidelines on bioethics in health care cover [thoughts] such as confidentiality and data protection and insist that no-one should be compelled to undergo testing for social benefits , employment or education .

This move was probably motivated by the same considerations that led to the Perkins ' choice of a site near Harrow , and to its eventual abandonment .
this move was probably motivated by the same [thoughts] that led to the perkins ' choice of a site near harrow , and to its eventual abandonment .

In any event , selection based on personal considerations can turn sour and then there is no professional element to sustain the relationship .
in any event , selection based on personal [thoughts] can turn sour and then there is no professional element to sustain the relationship .

Policy considerations
policy [thoughts]

Recently there has been a reappraisal of general dietary considerations for diabetics on both sides of the Atlantic ( Nuttall , 1980 ; Nutrition Sub-Committee of the British Diabetic Association 's Medical Advisory Committee , 1982 ) .
recently there has been a reappraisal of general dietary [thoughts] for diabetics on both sides of the atlantic ( nuttall , 1980 ; nutrition sub-committee of the british diabetic association 's medical advisory committee , 1982 ) .

Regional considerations suggest that deltaic and pro-deltaic sands can be anticipated in this section .
regional [thoughts] suggest that deltaic and pro-deltaic sands can be anticipated in this section .

Although the phenomenon of subsidence following inversion can be established from geological considerations , the behaviour of humic source rocks on reburial is poorly understood .
although the phenomenon of subsidence following inversion can be established from geological [thoughts] , the behaviour of humic source rocks on reburial is poorly understood .

‘ to obtain and organise resources at appropriate levels to deliver Further Education as required by statute and to meet local demand , unconstrained by financial considerations '
‘ to obtain and organise resources at appropriate levels to deliver further education as required by statute and to meet local demand , unconstrained by financial [thoughts] '

These considerations make it likely that the words quidem quantum ad verba testatoris pertinet are interpolated .
these [thoughts] make it likely that the words quidem quantum ad verba testatoris pertinet are interpolated .

No doubt he was prompted by extra-legal considerations .
no doubt he was prompted by extra-legal [thoughts] .

Considerations of rationality are not the same as considerations of historical reality .
[thoughts] of rationality are not the same as [thoughts] of historical reality .

The considerations here are not so much juridical as ethical .
the [thoughts] here are not so much juridical as ethical .

This involves a number of considerations and these will be dealt with under separate headings .
this involves a number of [thoughts] and these will be dealt with under separate headings .

Wage , pension , and housing were important considerations for working men with a skill irrelevant to civilian occupations .
wage , pension , and housing were important [thoughts] for working men with a skill irrelevant to civilian occupations .

The tawny owl samples have an excess only in the incisors , but two considerations apply here .
the tawny owl samples have an excess only in the incisors , but two [thoughts] apply here .

To advise the Secretary of State on the practical considerations which should govern all assessment including testing of attainment at age ( approximately ) 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 within a national curriculum , including the marking scale or scales and kinds of assessment including testing to be used , the need to differentiate so that the assessment can promote learning across a range of abilities , the relative roles of informative and of diagnostic assessment , the uses to which the results of assessment should be put , the moderation requirements needed to secure credibility of assessments , and the publication and other services needed to support the system — with a view to securing assessment and testing arrangements which are simple to administer , understandable by all in and outside the education service , cost effective and supportive of learning in schools .
to advise the secretary of state on the practical [thoughts] which should govern all assessment including testing of attainment at age ( approximately ) 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 within a national curriculum , including the marking scale or scales and kinds of assessment including testing to be used , the need to differentiate so that the assessment can promote learning across a range of abilities , the relative roles of informative and of diagnostic assessment , the uses to which the results of assessment should be put , the moderation requirements needed to secure credibility of assessments , and the publication and other services needed to support the system — with a view to securing assessment and testing arrangements which are simple to administer , understandable by all in and outside the education service , cost effective and supportive of learning in schools .

There are , for example , so far in maths , science , English and technology alone , no less than 14,910 potential separate considerations of statements of attainment for a group of thirty children from level one to level five .
there are , for example , so far in maths , science , english and technology alone , no less than 14,910 potential separate [thoughts] of statements of attainment for a group of thirty children from level one to level five .

Indeed at secondary level the timetable of the week seems to blind one to considerations of the length of a course : the number of periods in a week or six days is debated , rather than the length of a period or the number of hours in a course .
indeed at secondary level the timetable of the week seems to blind one to [thoughts] of the length of a course : the number of periods in a week or six days is debated , rather than the length of a period or the number of hours in a course .

It should also be said that marketing considerations can come into the calculations .
it should also be said that marketing [thoughts] can come into the calculations .

Behind the active partners , there is the organisation — the firm or institution — and the dependency of the partnership on broader considerations in the parent body .
behind the active partners , there is the organisation — the firm or institution — and the dependency of the partnership on broader [thoughts] in the parent body .

It follows , therefore , that if the prevention of odour emissions from premises could be regarded as improving the physical environment the local planning authorities have a responsibility to take environmental considerations , including odour prevention , into account in formulating their policies .
it follows , therefore , that if the prevention of odour emissions from premises could be regarded as improving the physical environment the local planning authorities have a responsibility to take environmental [thoughts] , including odour prevention , into account in formulating their policies .

Such an Order may be used where it appears to the authority to be expedient in the interests of proper planning of their area , including the interests of amenity , regard being had to the development plan and to any other material considerations .
such an order may be used where it appears to the authority to be expedient in the interests of proper planning of their area , including the interests of amenity , regard being had to the development plan and to any other material [thoughts] .

Maladministration refers to the way in which decisions have been taken covering administrative action or inaction based on or influenced by improper considerations or conduct .
maladministration refers to the way in which decisions have been taken covering administrative action or inaction based on or influenced by improper [thoughts] or conduct .

Arbitrariness , malice , or bias are examples of improper considerations .
arbitrariness , malice , or bias are examples of improper [thoughts] .

Neglect , unjustifiable delay , incompetence , failure to observe relevant rules or procedures , or failure to take relevant considerations into account , are some examples of improper conduct .
neglect , unjustifiable delay , incompetence , failure to observe relevant rules or procedures , or failure to take relevant [thoughts] into account , are some examples of improper conduct .

The first part of our proposal , therefore , is that information in the mental model is used rather indiscriminately as part of the context for the interpretation of the current clause — even when linguistic considerations suggest that discrimination is in order .
the first part of our proposal , therefore , is that information in the mental model is used rather indiscriminately as part of the context for the interpretation of the current clause — even when linguistic [thoughts] suggest that discrimination is in order .

This is not only for ethical considerations but more pragmatically because there is an assumption that if you treat others as you would wish to be treated , they will respond in kind .
this is not only for ethical [thoughts] but more pragmatically because there is an assumption that if you treat others as you would wish to be treated , they will respond in kind .

Curricular considerations are therefore at the centre of the decision-making process .
curricular [thoughts] are therefore at the centre of the decision-making process .

We would all pay lip-service to the demand that pupil needs must come before financial considerations , but the temptation to save will often be present .
we would all pay lip-service to the demand that pupil needs must come before financial [thoughts] , but the temptation to save will often be present .

While the right to set up any agency , branch or subsidiary in another member state is invaluable when commercial considerations merit it , the obligation to set up such a local establishment may be a high price to pay for what is still only the occasional prospect of business .
while the right to set up any agency , branch or subsidiary in another member state is invaluable when commercial [thoughts] merit it , the obligation to set up such a local establishment may be a high price to pay for what is still only the occasional prospect of business .

Non-Destructive Testing and Condition Monitoring : The anticipation of maintenance problems is significant in terms of aircraft airworthiness and economic considerations .
non-destructive testing and condition monitoring : the anticipation of maintenance problems is significant in terms of aircraft airworthiness and economic [thoughts] .

Age , sex and colour are other considerations that you will want to take into account .
age , sex and colour are other [thoughts] that you will want to take into account .

The ships were taken out of service in circumstances entirely different from the set of priorities and considerations that apply today .
the ships were taken out of service in circumstances entirely different from the set of priorities and [thoughts] that apply today .

While some museums have courted popularity at the expense of educational considerations , an increasing number of museums are now trying to meet both challenges at once .
while some museums have courted popularity at the expense of educational [thoughts] , an increasing number of museums are now trying to meet both challenges at once .

Railway bills were utilitarian but this was a different matter the thin end of a wedge that placed aesthetic and sentimental considerations above the rights of property .
railway bills were utilitarian but this was a different matter the thin end of a wedge that placed aesthetic and sentimental [thoughts] above the rights of property .

They voted by 19 to 6 in favour of a two year moratorium , during which time a scientific committee will ‘ review the scientific and technical considerations relevant to the proposed amendments ’ .
they voted by 19 to 6 in favour of a two year moratorium , during which time a scientific committee will ‘ review the scientific and technical [thoughts] relevant to the proposed amendments ’ .

But these considerations , which are no fault of the present author 's , should not be allowed to diminish pleasure in and admiration for the parts of her book under review that have to do with the history of ideas .
but these [thoughts] , which are no fault of the present author 's , should not be allowed to diminish pleasure in and admiration for the parts of her book under review that have to do with the history of ideas .

The issue is not the same as issues of consciousness , and fortunately is more amenable to clearly empirical considerations .
the issue is not the same as issues of consciousness , and fortunately is more amenable to clearly empirical [thoughts] .

We decided to begin our search in the deep midwaters on the basis of the results mentioned above , even though , at first sight , biological considerations might have suggested that inshore waters were more promising .
we decided to begin our search in the deep midwaters on the basis of the results mentioned above , even though , at first sight , biological [thoughts] might have suggested that inshore waters were more promising .

Overriding all these considerations , however , is her forthright view that these linguistic schemes were ultimately nonsense , for the excellent reason that artificial languages are not compatible with the ways in which man and languages actually operate .
overriding all these [thoughts] , however , is her forthright view that these linguistic schemes were ultimately nonsense , for the excellent reason that artificial languages are not compatible with the ways in which man and languages actually operate .

These general considerations of strategy should interact with our exploration of the cube , though many would-be solvers will not start thinking about strategy for some time .
these general [thoughts] of strategy should interact with our exploration of the cube , though many would-be solvers will not start thinking about strategy for some time .

The strategic considerations tell us that we should try to find processes that have simple effects .
the strategic [thoughts] tell us that we should try to find processes that have simple effects .

Resistance , the sparsity of new compounds and the exaggerated opposition of environmentalists have led inevitably to considerations of alternative methods of control .
resistance , the sparsity of new compounds and the exaggerated opposition of environmentalists have led inevitably to [thoughts] of alternative methods of control .

Theoretical considerations indicated that if the electric field applied to the surface could be made strong enough to confine the mobile electrons to a very thin layer near the semiconductor 's surface , with thickness comparable to the wavelength associated with the electrons there , then the electrons ' motion perpendicular to the surface would be ‘ quantised ’ .
theoretical [thoughts] indicated that if the electric field applied to the surface could be made strong enough to confine the mobile electrons to a very thin layer near the semiconductor 's surface , with thickness comparable to the wavelength associated with the electrons there , then the electrons ' motion perpendicular to the surface would be ‘ quantised ’ .

Quite apart from the individual personal considerations relating to the need for an established religion based on genuine ‘ god worship ’ , there are equally important social ones , of great importance to all the various communities of the world .
quite apart from the individual personal [thoughts] relating to the need for an established religion based on genuine ‘ god worship ’ , there are equally important social ones , of great importance to all the various communities of the world .

In its November 1987 Offer For Sale Eurotunnel stated that ‘ safety and security considerations have been central to the overall design of the System and the plans for its operation ’ .
in its november 1987 offer for sale eurotunnel stated that ‘ safety and security [thoughts] have been central to the overall design of the system and the plans for its operation ’ .

This chapter looks at the three major categories of organisation in the light of those considerations likely to prove most significant for surveyors : management authority of the participants , the raising and use of finance , the administrative burdens which will be created , the conduct of relations with outsiders and the settlement of disputes .
this chapter looks at the three major categories of organisation in the light of those [thoughts] likely to prove most significant for surveyors : management authority of the participants , the raising and use of finance , the administrative burdens which will be created , the conduct of relations with outsiders and the settlement of disputes .

If the company is limited by guarantee then slightly different considerations apply .
if the company is limited by guarantee then slightly different [thoughts] apply .

We shall consider Bukharin 's propositions in the light of the above considerations , and examine them at the most abstract level possible .
we shall consider bukharin 's propositions in the light of the above [thoughts] , and examine them at the most abstract level possible .

In our opinion these considerations are profoundly erroneous .
in our opinion these [thoughts] are profoundly erroneous .

Robert Meister in his book Hypochondria writes : ‘ Those physicians who shrug off a suffering patient because they regard his condition as psychosomatic or hypochondriacal are not acting as professional healers … The cultural and social norms that affect considerations of health and illness have established what might be called an unspoken ‘ Acceptability Index ’ of various forms of illness .
robert meister in his book hypochondria writes : ‘ those physicians who shrug off a suffering patient because they regard his condition as psychosomatic or hypochondriacal are not acting as professional healers … the cultural and social norms that affect [thoughts] of health and illness have established what might be called an unspoken ‘ acceptability index ’ of various forms of illness .

Silver amalgam is still used in teeth in the rear of the mouth , but even then there are aesthetic considerations favouring the use of tooth-coloured polymer-ceramic composites that are now routinely used to repair front teeth .
silver amalgam is still used in teeth in the rear of the mouth , but even then there are aesthetic [thoughts] favouring the use of tooth-coloured polymer-ceramic composites that are now routinely used to repair front teeth .

The appropriate data , which are summarised in Table 1 , provide the basis for the more detailed considerations of mechanical properties , oxygen permeability and surface properties , oxygen permeability and surface properties that are essential for the successful design of new materials .
the appropriate data , which are summarised in table 1 , provide the basis for the more detailed [thoughts] of mechanical properties , oxygen permeability and surface properties , oxygen permeability and surface properties that are essential for the successful design of new materials .

If it is found to be impossible to reconcile such differences then the public interest and the maintenance of professional standards must be the primary considerations .
if it is found to be impossible to reconcile such differences then the public interest and the maintenance of professional standards must be the primary [thoughts] .

In this case the fact that all the bans were put into effect and no reports of significant clashes between librarians and local authorities emerged , probably indicates that in the last resort employer 's directives preceded loyalty to professional obligations ; and in the light of the current employment situation it would have been surprising if such personal considerations did not prevail .
in this case the fact that all the bans were put into effect and no reports of significant clashes between librarians and local authorities emerged , probably indicates that in the last resort employer 's directives preceded loyalty to professional obligations ; and in the light of the current employment situation it would have been surprising if such personal [thoughts] did not prevail .

In all professional considerations the interests of clients within their prescribed or legitimate requirements take precedence over all other interests .
in all professional [thoughts] the interests of clients within their prescribed or legitimate requirements take precedence over all other interests .

She may not formulate these questions consciously , but her planning and teaching will reflect the influence of these considerations .
she may not formulate these questions consciously , but her planning and teaching will reflect the influence of these [thoughts] .

Ethical and environmental considerations are an important part of this innovative programme .
ethical and environmental [thoughts] are an important part of this innovative programme .

In the second year , students take a range of units which provide the necessary framework for philosophical activity — in the epistemological and metaphysical considerations of the rationalist and empiricist traditions , in logic and in traditions of ethical thought .
in the second year , students take a range of units which provide the necessary framework for philosophical activity — in the epistemological and metaphysical [thoughts] of the rationalist and empiricist traditions , in logic and in traditions of ethical thought .

In the second year , students choose from a range of units which provide the necessary framework for philosophical activity — in the epistemological and metaphysical considerations of the rationalist and empiricist traditions , in logic and in traditions of ethical thought .
in the second year , students choose from a range of units which provide the necessary framework for philosophical activity — in the epistemological and metaphysical [thoughts] of the rationalist and empiricist traditions , in logic and in traditions of ethical thought .

’ Green realized he was better with the pencil than writing but made his excuse ‘ were his information for the satisfaction of an individual only , he would prefer the former as a vehicle for information , but to give to the public a numerous series of explanations all cloathed in bodily forms ; besides time and other minor considerations , it is necessary to consult the copper smith , the printer , and the paper merchant .
’ green realized he was better with the pencil than writing but made his excuse ‘ were his information for the satisfaction of an individual only , he would prefer the former as a vehicle for information , but to give to the public a numerous series of explanations all cloathed in bodily forms ; besides time and other minor [thoughts] , it is necessary to consult the copper smith , the printer , and the paper merchant .

There are many considerations to take into account .
there are many [thoughts] to take into account .

This is probably because of the ethical and practical considerations .
this is probably because of the ethical and practical [thoughts] .

Not that it is impossible , but practical considerations of gaining access to situations and the confidence of the people involved in any reasonable length of time mean that one will probably study the situation from one side or the other .
not that it is impossible , but practical [thoughts] of gaining access to situations and the confidence of the people involved in any reasonable length of time mean that one will probably study the situation from one side or the other .

However , when we come to more details considerations — such as exactly where this ‘ golden age ’ is to be located in real historical time — then we are confronted with such a disorderly jumble of datemarks and vague historical allusions as to allow for wide margins of disagreement even among dedicated ‘ law-and-order ’ enthusiasts .
however , when we come to more details [thoughts] — such as exactly where this ‘ golden age ’ is to be located in real historical time — then we are confronted with such a disorderly jumble of datemarks and vague historical allusions as to allow for wide margins of disagreement even among dedicated ‘ law-and-order ’ enthusiasts .

At odd intervals external debt considerations , balance of payments constraints and reduced international capital inflows have forced some NICs to cut back their economic development programmes , with consequential rises in unemployment and related social problems .
at odd intervals external debt [thoughts] , balance of payments constraints and reduced international capital inflows have forced some nics to cut back their economic development programmes , with consequential rises in unemployment and related social problems .

It highlighted the various economic and political considerations taken into account by bank risk analysts .
it highlighted the various economic and political [thoughts] taken into account by bank risk analysts .

Borrower considerations
borrower [thoughts]

At this point , we move from these macro considerations to the micro-world of the individual decision maker , the eventual user of the information librarians and information scientists might purvey .
at this point , we move from these macro [thoughts] to the micro-world of the individual decision maker , the eventual user of the information librarians and information scientists might purvey .

Faced with these considerations the researcher may be lucky , for if a secondary source is being used the editor may well have provided an interpretation ( which should as far as possible be checked , for even the most eminent historians have been known to err ) .
faced with these [thoughts] the researcher may be lucky , for if a secondary source is being used the editor may well have provided an interpretation ( which should as far as possible be checked , for even the most eminent historians have been known to err ) .

Other considerations
other [thoughts]

Space considerations dictate that detailed vocabularies are not possible in these present pages , but the following volumes contain wordlists which may be of value : Anglo-Saxon England by Sir Frank .
space [thoughts] dictate that detailed vocabularies are not possible in these present pages , but the following volumes contain wordlists which may be of value : anglo-saxon england by sir frank .

The principal considerations are the interests being pursued and the depth of the personal pocket ; the subsidiary ones are the ease with which a good public reference library can be accessed , the speed with which further volumes can be obtained via the public lending service , and the lengths of the permitted retention periods .
the principal [thoughts] are the interests being pursued and the depth of the personal pocket ; the subsidiary ones are the ease with which a good public reference library can be accessed , the speed with which further volumes can be obtained via the public lending service , and the lengths of the permitted retention periods .

Detailed investigations reveal these to be adults who attempt to shape , control and judge the behaviour and attitudes of their children according to unbending standards of conduct , usually absolute standards , often determined by theological considerations .
detailed investigations reveal these to be adults who attempt to shape , control and judge the behaviour and attitudes of their children according to unbending standards of conduct , usually absolute standards , often determined by theological [thoughts] .

The sensible parent must weigh up all considerations , as if in credit and debit columns on a ‘ balance sheet ’ , when deciding whether or not to prohibit watching television thrillers or playing with guns .
the sensible parent must weigh up all [thoughts] , as if in credit and debit columns on a ‘ balance sheet ’ , when deciding whether or not to prohibit watching television thrillers or playing with guns .

These forces can be grouped into four major categories : political considerations , socio-demographic factors , economic change and financial constraint .
these forces can be grouped into four major categories : political [thoughts] , socio-demographic factors , economic change and financial constraint .

They do not all explain the decline in total , nor are they mutually exclusive , but collectively they raise many of the prime considerations .
they do not all explain the decline in total , nor are they mutually exclusive , but collectively they raise many of the prime [thoughts] .

These themes are the impact of national and regional economic performance on the cities ; labour-market considerations ; urban economic structure ; spatial explanations ; and the role of capital .
these themes are the impact of national and regional economic performance on the cities ; labour-market [thoughts] ; urban economic structure ; spatial explanations ; and the role of capital .

Some of the most important contributions to urban economic analysis have come from those commentators who are determined to locate the declining output and employment in the cities within broader politico-economic considerations .
some of the most important contributions to urban economic analysis have come from those commentators who are determined to locate the declining output and employment in the cities within broader politico-economic [thoughts] .

Financial considerations proved to be only one of the problems facing the Partnerships , the other major constraint relating to the question of management .
financial [thoughts] proved to be only one of the problems facing the partnerships , the other major constraint relating to the question of management .

Considerations such as these provided the rationale for the formal creation of IIAs in the 1978 Act ( DoE , 1978 ) .
[thoughts] such as these provided the rationale for the formal creation of iias in the 1978 act ( doe , 1978 ) .

However , radical governments , such as that elected in 1979 , might not be swayed by such considerations .
however , radical governments , such as that elected in 1979 , might not be swayed by such [thoughts] .

Those advocating such innovations were motivated most powerfully by aesthetic considerations , in particular by the deadening effect on design of development control .
those advocating such innovations were motivated most powerfully by aesthetic [thoughts] , in particular by the deadening effect on design of development control .

As a result of these considerations , the government decided that enterprise zones would be implemented by local authorities and not by some outside agency .
as a result of these [thoughts] , the government decided that enterprise zones would be implemented by local authorities and not by some outside agency .

Three issues are important in this context : land and planning considerations , financial incentives and zone designations .
three issues are important in this context : land and planning [thoughts] , financial incentives and zone designations .

Political considerations governed the selection of some sites .
political [thoughts] governed the selection of some sites .

Despite these considerations , in 1981 the Department of the Environment announced the creation of land registers .
despite these [thoughts] , in 1981 the department of the environment announced the creation of land registers .

Whether these types of initiative ought to be included within the development theme is arguable , but labour-supply considerations may be seen as constraining urban output .
whether these types of initiative ought to be included within the development theme is arguable , but labour-supply [thoughts] may be seen as constraining urban output .

but states that ‘ there is , therefore always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .
but states that ‘ there is , therefore always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development having regard to all material [thoughts] , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .

The decision is to some extent arbitrary , but there are several relevant considerations .
the decision is to some extent arbitrary , but there are several relevant [thoughts] .

These ecological considerations , together with the economic advantages that are apparent , must commend the system as one that has successfully modified a traditional subsistence system into a more economic one without major detrimental effects .
these ecological [thoughts] , together with the economic advantages that are apparent , must commend the system as one that has successfully modified a traditional subsistence system into a more economic one without major detrimental effects .

The reasons for this demand , mainly confined to developed nations where there is a large disposable income and significant holiday entitlements , have been discussed in detail by Boniface and Cooper ( 1987 ) and Pearce ( 1987 ) and are related to improvements in transport as well as financial considerations .
the reasons for this demand , mainly confined to developed nations where there is a large disposable income and significant holiday entitlements , have been discussed in detail by boniface and cooper ( 1987 ) and pearce ( 1987 ) and are related to improvements in transport as well as financial [thoughts] .

Firstly , much of the research focuses on human embryos which raises ethical considerations hitherto unprecedented , and while such research is still in its early stages it is clear that the ability to manipulate human life itself requires well-defined and enforceable legislation .
firstly , much of the research focuses on human embryos which raises ethical [thoughts] hitherto unprecedented , and while such research is still in its early stages it is clear that the ability to manipulate human life itself requires well-defined and enforceable legislation .

It should be apparent that there is a very large number of possible models that might be used and , indeed , a number of considerations involved in making this choice ( see Dunn 1989 ) .
it should be apparent that there is a very large number of possible models that might be used and , indeed , a number of [thoughts] involved in making this choice ( see dunn 1989 ) .

In particular , three such considerations influenced our analysis and selection of carrier variables .
in particular , three such [thoughts] influenced our analysis and selection of carrier variables .

We are then able to rise above the petty considerations of ordinary life and are able to see what is most important — the beauty of human beings .
we are then able to rise above the petty [thoughts] of ordinary life and are able to see what is most important — the beauty of human beings .

Some of the prize designs being in Italian architecture and some in Gothic , your Committee particularly directed its inquiries to the question whether ( apart from considerations of taste ) either style had the advantage as to cheapness , commodiousness of arrangement , or facilities for light and ventilation .
some of the prize designs being in italian architecture and some in gothic , your committee particularly directed its inquiries to the question whether ( apart from [thoughts] of taste ) either style had the advantage as to cheapness , commodiousness of arrangement , or facilities for light and ventilation .

Opinion on the nuclear issue is divided and other arguments are involved too , for example economic considerations .
opinion on the nuclear issue is divided and other arguments are involved too , for example economic [thoughts] .

A retailer ’ s decision about what to stock will depend on a variety of considerations , including the demand forecast for the product , the level of product availability it wishes to provide to customers , the frequency with which it will place replenishment orders , and the lead time to acquire replenishment units .
a retailer ’ s decision about what to stock will depend on a variety of [thoughts] , including the demand forecast for the product , the level of product availability it wishes to provide to customers , the frequency with which it will place replenishment orders , and the lead time to acquire replenishment units .

Indeed , logistical considerations enter assembly well before garments are finally sewn together .
indeed , logistical [thoughts] enter assembly well before garments are finally sewn together .

Sometimes functional requirements override other considerations ; a laboratory that does not serve its scientists is a failed work of architecture , no matter how beautiful its design .
sometimes functional requirements override other [thoughts] ; a laboratory that does not serve its scientists is a failed work of architecture , no matter how beautiful its design .

These political considerations played themselves out against ambivalent sentiments about who constituted the “ people ” in “ government of the people , by the people , for the people. ” We should not underappreciate the radical step of granting the franchise to emancipated slaves on the same terms as it was available to the rest of the population .
these political [thoughts] played themselves out against ambivalent sentiments about who constituted the “ people ” in “ government of the people , by the people , for the people. ” we should not underappreciate the radical step of granting the franchise to emancipated slaves on the same terms as it was available to the rest of the population .

The considerations above led to the role of Maxwell ’ s demon , one of the major places in physics where matter , energy , work , and information come together .
the [thoughts] above led to the role of maxwell ’ s demon , one of the major places in physics where matter , energy , work , and information come together .

Do the considerations of this chapter require detailed models and supporting calculations to be taken as more than the merest suggestions ?
do the [thoughts] of this chapter require detailed models and supporting calculations to be taken as more than the merest suggestions ?

To date , all published studies on emergency department or trauma center interventions have used the collaborative care approach.2,3,34,51 Financial considerations Despite the prevalence of alcohol use disorders , hospital administrators are likely to raise concerns about hiring additional staff to conduct interventions because they do not consider addressing alcohol problems as part of their mission .
to date , all published studies on emergency department or trauma center interventions have used the collaborative care approach.2,3,34,51 financial [thoughts] despite the prevalence of alcohol use disorders , hospital administrators are likely to raise concerns about hiring additional staff to conduct interventions because they do not consider addressing alcohol problems as part of their mission .

This research should include studies on the use of no-cost services such as self-help or 12-step programs using , for example , abbreviated forms of the `` Twelve Step Facilitation Therapy Manual '' developed for use in Project MATCH.56 The 12-step arm of Project Match had the best outcomes in the study , regardless of `` matching '' considerations .
this research should include studies on the use of no-cost services such as self-help or 12-step programs using , for example , abbreviated forms of the `` twelve step facilitation therapy manual '' developed for use in project match.56 the 12-step arm of project match had the best outcomes in the study , regardless of `` matching '' [thoughts] .

Comments on Implementing Preventive Interventions in Emergency Medicine : Strategic Considerations Linda C. Degutis , DrPH Dr. Gentilello has raised many important issues in his paper .
comments on implementing preventive interventions in emergency medicine : strategic [thoughts] linda c. degutis , drph dr. gentilello has raised many important issues in his paper .

Motivational considerations The rationale for interventions in the emergency setting is that the medical condition or injury prompting admission provides a `` window of opportunity '' when the individual may be more vulnerable and more open to seeing the connection between current consequences and his or her drinking or drug abuse and may be more motivated to change.13-15 * Presenter The presence of an adverse consequence that can be linked to drinking-such as gastrointestinal , vascular , renal , or other medical problem ; an automobile crash ; unintentional injury ; or involvement in a violent incident-facilitates intervention among patients with alcohol problems encountered in the emergency setting .
motivational [thoughts] the rationale for interventions in the emergency setting is that the medical condition or injury prompting admission provides a `` window of opportunity '' when the individual may be more vulnerable and more open to seeing the connection between current consequences and his or her drinking or drug abuse and may be more motivated to change.13-15 * presenter the presence of an adverse consequence that can be linked to drinking-such as gastrointestinal , vascular , renal , or other medical problem ; an automobile crash ; unintentional injury ; or involvement in a violent incident-facilitates intervention among patients with alcohol problems encountered in the emergency setting .

The assessment is critical for evaluating motivation and decisional considerations and for determining the need for and appropriateness of referrals to treatment .
the assessment is critical for evaluating motivation and decisional [thoughts] and for determining the need for and appropriateness of referrals to treatment .

Combating Terrorism : Considerations For Investing Resources in Chemical and Biological Preparedness ( GAO-01-162T , October 17 , 2001 ) .
combating terrorism : [thoughts] for investing resources in chemical and biological preparedness ( gao-01-162t , october 17 , 2001 ) .

To help agency leaders effectively lead and manage their people and integrate human capital considerations into daily decision making and the program results they seek to achieve , we developed a strategic human capital model.3 The model highlights the kinds of thinking that agencies should apply , as well as some of the steps they can take , to make progress in managing human capital strategically .
to help agency leaders effectively lead and manage their people and integrate human capital [thoughts] into daily decision making and the program results they seek to achieve , we developed a strategic human capital model.3 the model highlights the kinds of thinking that agencies should apply , as well as some of the steps they can take , to make progress in managing human capital strategically .

Security Seen As An Enabler In addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .
security seen as an enabler in addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security [thoughts] .

According to the utility 's central information security group , this process increases security awareness among business managers , develops support for needed controls , and helps integrate information security considerations into the organization 's business operations .
according to the utility 's central information security group , this process increases security awareness among business managers , develops support for needed controls , and helps integrate information security [thoughts] into the organization 's business operations .

For information security , as with other types of internal controls , these views and requirements generally flow directly from risk considerations , as illustrated in the management cycle depicted above .
for information security , as with other types of internal controls , these views and requirements generally flow directly from risk [thoughts] , as illustrated in the management cycle depicted above .

Premiums for SMI ( Supplementary Medical Insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , life insurance , and other insurance. -- In exchange for a premium and other considerations , the Government promises to make payments to program participants if specified events occur .
premiums for smi ( supplementary medical insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , life insurance , and other insurance. -- in exchange for a premium and other [thoughts] , the government promises to make payments to program participants if specified events occur .

Second , recognizing that they must balance their ideal performance measurement systems against real-world considerations , such as the cost and effort involved in gathering and analyzing data , the organizations we studied made sure that the data they did collect were sufficiently complete , accurate , and consistent to be useful in decisionmaking .
second , recognizing that they must balance their ideal performance measurement systems against real-world [thoughts] , such as the cost and effort involved in gathering and analyzing data , the organizations we studied made sure that the data they did collect were sufficiently complete , accurate , and consistent to be useful in decisionmaking .

Page 3 GAO-03-273G Assessing Reliability While this guidance focuses only on the reliability of data in terms of accuracy and completeness , other data quality considerations are just as important .
page 3 gao-03-273g assessing reliability while this guidance focuses only on the reliability of data in terms of accuracy and completeness , other data quality [thoughts] are just as important .

Considerations of data validity and reliability issues should be addressed early in the engagement , and appropriate technical specialists-such as data analysts , statisticians , or information technology specialists-should be consulted .
[thoughts] of data validity and reliability issues should be addressed early in the engagement , and appropriate technical specialists-such as data analysts , statisticians , or information technology specialists-should be consulted .

Considerations for Moving toward a Comprehensive Financial Reporting Model Participants acknowledged that financial reporting , in addition to being largely driven by the accounting profession , also has been driven by the legal system , resulting in an overload of information that is too complex and not easily understood .
[thoughts] for moving toward a comprehensive financial reporting model participants acknowledged that financial reporting , in addition to being largely driven by the accounting profession , also has been driven by the legal system , resulting in an overload of information that is too complex and not easily understood .

In addition to adjusting the fee schedule to ensure collection of the $ 126,400,000 , the Report and Order also adjusts the fee schedule and associated payment procedures for certain fees mandated by Congress , makes changes to the estimated number of units subject to a fee , and incorporates certain public interest considerations .
in addition to adjusting the fee schedule to ensure collection of the $ 126,400,000 , the report and order also adjusts the fee schedule and associated payment procedures for certain fees mandated by congress , makes changes to the estimated number of units subject to a fee , and incorporates certain public interest [thoughts] .

ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS FOR FINANCIAL AUDITS PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH GAGAS 4.25 As discussed in chapter 1 , financial audits contribute to making governments more accountable for the use of public resources and the delivery of services .
additional [thoughts] for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas 4.25 as discussed in chapter 1 , financial audits contribute to making governments more accountable for the use of public resources and the delivery of services .

Materiality judgments are made in light of surrounding circumstances and necessarily involve both quantitative and qualitative considerations .
materiality judgments are made in light of surrounding circumstances and necessarily involve both quantitative and qualitative [thoughts] .

AICPA standards provide guidance on the interaction of quantitative and qualitative considerations in materiality judgments .
aicpa standards provide guidance on the interaction of quantitative and qualitative [thoughts] in materiality judgments .

Auditors determine these three elements of the audit plan together , as the considerations in determining each often overlap .
auditors determine these three elements of the audit plan together , as the [thoughts] in determining each often overlap .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 99 7.27 Auditors face similar considerations when using the work of nonauditors ( consultants , experts , specialists , and so forth ) .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 99 7.27 auditors face similar [thoughts] when using the work of nonauditors ( consultants , experts , specialists , and so forth ) .

See paragraph 8.17 for additional reporting considerations .
see paragraph 8.17 for additional reporting [thoughts] .

Security Seen As An Enabler In addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .
security seen as an enabler in addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security [thoughts] .

According to the utility 's central information security group , this process increases security awareness among business managers , develops support for needed controls , and helps integrate information security considerations into the organization 's business operations .
according to the utility 's central information security group , this process increases security awareness among business managers , develops support for needed controls , and helps integrate information security [thoughts] into the organization 's business operations .

For information security , as with other types of internal controls , these views and requirements generally flow directly from risk considerations , as illustrated in the management cycle depicted above .
for information security , as with other types of internal controls , these views and requirements generally flow directly from risk [thoughts] , as illustrated in the management cycle depicted above .

As part of the OMB guidance , the Department of Justice was charged with developing practical guidance on legal considerations related to agencies ' use of electronic filing and record keeping .
as part of the omb guidance , the department of justice was charged with developing practical guidance on legal [thoughts] related to agencies ' use of electronic filing and record keeping .

On March 15 , 2002 , we released A Model of Strategic Human Capital Management , the latest in a series of tools designed to assist agency leaders in effectively managing their people.14 Our model is designed to help agency leaders effectively lead and manage their people and integrate human capital considerations into daily decision making and the program results they seek to achieve .
on march 15 , 2002 , we released a model of strategic human capital management , the latest in a series of tools designed to assist agency leaders in effectively managing their people.14 our model is designed to help agency leaders effectively lead and manage their people and integrate human capital [thoughts] into daily decision making and the program results they seek to achieve .

This access is subject to legal and privacy considerations , such as those concerning taxpayer return information , protected banking information , grand jury information , and credit card account information listed in travel vouchers .
this access is subject to legal and privacy [thoughts] , such as those concerning taxpayer return information , protected banking information , grand jury information , and credit card account information listed in travel vouchers .

Training funds are often limited due to larger budget considerations .
training funds are often limited due to larger budget [thoughts] .

LSC further recognizes that its decisions have the potential to directly affect state funding , resource allocation , and other considerations .
lsc further recognizes that its decisions have the potential to directly affect state funding , resource allocation , and other [thoughts] .

It included `` State Planning Considerations '' designed to address requests for additional information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .
it included `` state planning [thoughts] '' designed to address requests for additional information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .

It included `` State Planning Considerations '' designed to address requests for additional information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .
it included `` state planning [thoughts] '' designed to address requests for additional information regarding statewide goals , capacities , and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes .

Perhaps the most that can be said on the subject is contained in a passage written by Chief Justice Shaw of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts that we have often quoted : `` [ I ] f [ a statute 's provisions ] are so mutually connected with and dependent on each other , as conditions , considerations or compensations for each other , as to warrant a belief that the legislature intended them as a whole , and that , if all could not be carried into effect , the legislature would not pass the residue independently , and some parts are unconstitutional , all the provisions which as thus dependent , conditional or connected , must fall with them . ''
perhaps the most that can be said on the subject is contained in a passage written by chief justice shaw of the supreme judicial court of massachusetts that we have often quoted : `` [ i ] f [ a statute 's provisions ] are so mutually connected with and dependent on each other , as conditions , [thoughts] or compensations for each other , as to warrant a belief that the legislature intended them as a whole , and that , if all could not be carried into effect , the legislature would not pass the residue independently , and some parts are unconstitutional , all the provisions which as thus dependent , conditional or connected , must fall with them . ''

It is clear to me that the LSC Act 's funding of welfare benefits suits and its prohibition on suits challenging or defending the validity of existing law are `` conditions , considerations [ and ] compensations for each other '' that can not be severed .
it is clear to me that the lsc act 's funding of welfare benefits suits and its prohibition on suits challenging or defending the validity of existing law are `` conditions , [thoughts] [ and ] compensations for each other '' that can not be severed .

These considerations explain why H-2A workers are the only category of nonimmigrants eligible for LSC-funded representation .
these [thoughts] explain why h-2a workers are the only category of nonimmigrants eligible for lsc-funded representation .

The determination of the configuration that will best serve clients throughout a particular state ultimately involves a balancing of factors and the application of judgment to a host of considerations .
the determination of the configuration that will best serve clients throughout a particular state ultimately involves a balancing of factors and the application of judgment to a host of [thoughts] .

Based on these considerations , adequate urea supply is expected to be available for the SCR systems .
based on these [thoughts] , adequate urea supply is expected to be available for the scr systems .

These criteria include consideration of whether the study was peer-reviewed , the study design and location , and characteristics of the study population , among other considerations .
these criteria include consideration of whether the study was peer-reviewed , the study design and location , and characteristics of the study population , among other [thoughts] .

Exhibit 7 Summary of Considerations Used in Selecting C-R Functions Consideration Comments Peer reviewed research Peer reviewed research is preferred to research that has not undergone the peer review process .
exhibit 7 summary of [thoughts] used in selecting c-r functions consideration comments peer reviewed research peer reviewed research is preferred to research that has not undergone the peer review process .

These considerations provide a basis for considering an Alternative Estimate using the most recent estimates from the wealth of time-series studies , in addition to one based on the long-term cohort studies .
these [thoughts] provide a basis for considering an alternative estimate using the most recent estimates from the wealth of time-series studies , in addition to one based on the long-term cohort studies .

Regardless of the theoretical economic considerations , distinctions in the monetary value assigned to the lives saved were not drawn , even if populations differed in age , health status , socioeconomic status , gender or other characteristics .
regardless of the theoretical economic [thoughts] , distinctions in the monetary value assigned to the lives saved were not drawn , even if populations differed in age , health status , socioeconomic status , gender or other characteristics .

General Benefits Transfer Considerations For the Clear Skies benefits analysis , we do not have the time or resources to conduct primary economic research targeted at the specific air pollution-related benefits provided .
general benefits transfer [thoughts] for the clear skies benefits analysis , we do not have the time or resources to conduct primary economic research targeted at the specific air pollution-related benefits provided .

We can not adjust for all benefits transfer considerations , however , thus introducing additional uncertainty into our estimates .
we can not adjust for all benefits transfer [thoughts] , however , thus introducing additional uncertainty into our estimates .

This political process focused as much on social considerations as on the kinds of market forces that shape competitive outcomes .
this political process focused as much on social [thoughts] as on the kinds of market forces that shape competitive outcomes .

On the advantages side , several considerations are relevant .
on the advantages side , several [thoughts] are relevant .

It seems to me that , at times , critics of Commission recommendations tend to take lightly the considerations embodied in 39 USC 3622 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 6 ) .
it seems to me that , at times , critics of commission recommendations tend to take lightly the [thoughts] embodied in 39 usc 3622 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 6 ) .

Sections 3622 and 3623 similarly specify fairness and equity , together with other criteria , as considerations to be observed in making rate and mail classification changes .
sections 3622 and 3623 similarly specify fairness and equity , together with other criteria , as [thoughts] to be observed in making rate and mail classification changes .

Some mailers currently use cream skimmers because of service considerations .
some mailers currently use cream skimmers because of service [thoughts] .

Beyond that point , many considerations need to be balanced in order to decide on the appropriate discount levels .
beyond that point , many [thoughts] need to be balanced in order to decide on the appropriate discount levels .

In view of these considerations , we conclude that the technical failure of FDNY radios , while a contributing factor , was not the primary cause of the many firefighter fatalities in the North Tower .
in view of these [thoughts] , we conclude that the technical failure of fdny radios , while a contributing factor , was not the primary cause of the many firefighter fatalities in the north tower .

In any case , the 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers who advised them did not appear to be basing their advice on these or other factual considerations .
in any case , the 911 operators and fdny dispatchers who advised them did not appear to be basing their advice on these or other factual [thoughts] .

DOJ memo , Robert D. to Cathleen C. , '' Aerial Intercepts and Shoot-downs : Ambiguities of Law and Practical Considerations , '' Mar .
doj memo , robert d. to cathleen c. , '' aerial intercepts and shoot-downs : ambiguities of law and practical [thoughts] , '' mar .

Staff tended as well to focus on parochial considerations , seeking to add or cut funding for individual ( often small ) programs , instead of emphasizing comprehensive oversight projects .
staff tended as well to focus on parochial [thoughts] , seeking to add or cut funding for individual ( often small ) programs , instead of emphasizing comprehensive oversight projects .

All his aides testified to us that they based their advice solely on national security considerations .
all his aides testified to us that they based their advice solely on national security [thoughts] .

We believe that these disadvantages are outweighed by several other considerations :
we believe that these disadvantages are outweighed by several other [thoughts] :

For Clarke 's awareness , see NSC email , Clarke to Cressey , `` Considerations , '' Oct. 25 , 2000 .
for clarke 's awareness , see nsc email , clarke to cressey , `` [thoughts] , '' oct. 25 , 2000 .

Conclusion These recommendations provide a strategy for strengthening decision- and policy-making by providing a stronger empirical base for human rights considerations .
conclusion these recommendations provide a strategy for strengthening decision- and policy-making by providing a stronger empirical base for human rights [thoughts] .

We suggest that allocating ARVs to HCFs to achieve equality in accessibility could be carried out , and then individual-level ethical considerations could be thought out at the next level of deliberation .
we suggest that allocating arvs to hcfs to achieve equality in accessibility could be carried out , and then individual-level ethical [thoughts] could be thought out at the next level of deliberation .

Many of the decisions that must be made to develop an effective response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic are inevitably underpinned by ethical considerations .
many of the decisions that must be made to develop an effective response to the hiv/aids epidemic are inevitably underpinned by ethical [thoughts] .

Dosage Considerations Visceral organ responses .
dosage [thoughts] visceral organ responses .

Two major considerations argue strongly for non-commercial , federal , peer-reviewed funding to be made available for this work .
two major [thoughts] argue strongly for non-commercial , federal , peer-reviewed funding to be made available for this work .

Although economic and social considerations often supercede scientific assessments , science will continuously be called upon to deliver management options that will straddle the needs for conservation and production , even in areas where there is only subsistence fishing ( Box 1 ) .
although economic and social [thoughts] often supercede scientific assessments , science will continuously be called upon to deliver management options that will straddle the needs for conservation and production , even in areas where there is only subsistence fishing ( box 1 ) .

We believe these considerations should factor into discussions on the ethics of clinical trial design .
we believe these [thoughts] should factor into discussions on the ethics of clinical trial design .

The first error is the assumption of proportionality : I have recently argued ( de Grey 2004 ) , from evolutionary considerations , that longer-lived species will show a smaller maximal proportional life-span extension in response to starvation , probably not much more than the same absolute increase seen in shorter-lived species .
the first error is the assumption of proportionality : i have recently argued ( de grey 2004 ) , from evolutionary [thoughts] , that longer-lived species will show a smaller maximal proportional life-span extension in response to starvation , probably not much more than the same absolute increase seen in shorter-lived species .

For example , 1 ) in Type 1 diabetes mellitus , the bulk of both the linkage and association data implicate the HLA region and INS [ 22 ] ; 2 ) for Type 2 diabetes mellitus , there are a number of findings in the literature where the association evidence appears to be consistent and compelling ( CAPN10 , KCNJ11 , and PPARG ) —the data indicate that the same marker allele is significantly associated and has an effect size of similar direction and magnitude [ 22 ] ( the linkage data are less congruent , probably due to power considerations ) ; and 3 ) for age-related macular degeneration , at least five studies show highly significant association with the same CFH Y402H polymorphism [ 23–27 ] in a region strongly implicated by multiple linkage studies .
for example , 1 ) in type 1 diabetes mellitus , the bulk of both the linkage and association data implicate the hla region and ins [ 22 ] ; 2 ) for type 2 diabetes mellitus , there are a number of findings in the literature where the association evidence appears to be consistent and compelling ( capn10 , kcnj11 , and pparg ) —the data indicate that the same marker allele is significantly associated and has an effect size of similar direction and magnitude [ 22 ] ( the linkage data are less congruent , probably due to power [thoughts] ) ; and 3 ) for age-related macular degeneration , at least five studies show highly significant association with the same cfh y402h polymorphism [ 23–27 ] in a region strongly implicated by multiple linkage studies .

How do these considerations relate to humans ?
how do these [thoughts] relate to humans ?

These considerations suggest the hypothesis that the retronasal route for smells has delivered a richer repertoire of smells in humans than in nonhuman primates and other mammals ( see Figure 1 ) .
these [thoughts] suggest the hypothesis that the retronasal route for smells has delivered a richer repertoire of smells in humans than in nonhuman primates and other mammals ( see figure 1 ) .

Implications for Systems Biology A general result from these considerations is that there appears not to be a one-to-one relation between the number of olfactory receptor genes and the detection and discrimination of odors .
implications for systems biology a general result from these [thoughts] is that there appears not to be a one-to-one relation between the number of olfactory receptor genes and the detection and discrimination of odors .

All of these considerations should stimulate a greater interest in this neglected sense .
all of these [thoughts] should stimulate a greater interest in this neglected sense .

All the considerations in this article , however , apply equally to other preventive interventions , such as microbicides .
all the [thoughts] in this article , however , apply equally to other preventive interventions , such as microbicides .

Indianapolis is truly one of the best places for actors to work for many reasons : - the artistic quality is top rate - the education programs lead the country ( other theatres wish they could reach even half of the 45,000 students the IRT does ) - the treatment we receive here is the friendliest and most accommodating - the IRT audiences really listen and respond For those of us who travel more than half a year , these things are just as important as salary considerations when taking an acting job .
indianapolis is truly one of the best places for actors to work for many reasons : - the artistic quality is top rate - the education programs lead the country ( other theatres wish they could reach even half of the 45,000 students the irt does ) - the treatment we receive here is the friendliest and most accommodating - the irt audiences really listen and respond for those of us who travel more than half a year , these things are just as important as salary [thoughts] when taking an acting job .

In the wake of this deal , tax considerations make anything more than a 19 percent spinoff next to impossible to pull off .
in the wake of this deal , tax [thoughts] make anything more than a 19 percent spinoff next to impossible to pull off .

Those objections aside , Friedman 's proposal does illustrate the tension between economic and moral considerations .
those objections aside , friedman 's proposal does illustrate the tension between economic and moral [thoughts] .

She seems never to rehearse or to hold opinions about the composers whose works she serves , and her rapport with Barenboim ( James Frain , whose performance is likely circumscribed by considerations of libel ) is chiefly the upshot of their comparable celebrity .
she seems never to rehearse or to hold opinions about the composers whose works she serves , and her rapport with barenboim ( james frain , whose performance is likely circumscribed by [thoughts] of libel ) is chiefly the upshot of their comparable celebrity .

As the sky-high pay for today 's CEOs compared with their counterparts of twenty years ago demonstrates , the insular nature of boards of directors means that purely economic considerations do not always prevail .
as the sky-high pay for today 's ceos compared with their counterparts of twenty years ago demonstrates , the insular nature of boards of directors means that purely economic [thoughts] do not always prevail .

Trying to prevent all exchanges of money for political influence would be costly ( in terms of liberty as well as of more mundane considerations ) and futile .
trying to prevent all exchanges of money for political influence would be costly ( in terms of liberty as well as of more mundane [thoughts] ) and futile .

There are , of course , other considerations to be weighed in decisions about tax policy -- fairness , and costs of compliance , for example -- but the growth question dominates current discussion , and we shall mainly concentrate on that in this week 's panel .
there are , of course , other [thoughts] to be weighed in decisions about tax policy -- fairness , and costs of compliance , for example -- but the growth question dominates current discussion , and we shall mainly concentrate on that in this week 's panel .

In the curiously booming business of multistate lawsuits , economic factors often interfere with lofty considerations of the law .
in the curiously booming business of multistate lawsuits , economic factors often interfere with lofty [thoughts] of the law .

You 'd have to be pretty naive to expect political considerations to play no part in the deliberations of any public prosecutor , even in criminal cases .
you 'd have to be pretty naive to expect political [thoughts] to play no part in the deliberations of any public prosecutor , even in criminal cases .

Another corollary is that mere humanitarian considerations should play little or no role in decisions about when to intervene in faraway places .
another corollary is that mere humanitarian [thoughts] should play little or no role in decisions about when to intervene in faraway places .

An op-ed piece in the Financial Times said the vote underlined `` the extent to which international considerations have been pushed to the fringes of American politics .
an op-ed piece in the financial times said the vote underlined `` the extent to which international [thoughts] have been pushed to the fringes of american politics .

When the discussion was over he would summarize it in a systematic way -- distilling what order could be extracted from it and indicating what he thought were the main considerations and options .
when the discussion was over he would summarize it in a systematic way -- distilling what order could be extracted from it and indicating what he thought were the main [thoughts] and options .

What Greenspan was arguing was that we have to take these considerations into effect when we think about managing risk in the future .
what greenspan was arguing was that we have to take these [thoughts] into effect when we think about managing risk in the future .

Important considerations , such as the quality of the definitions , are ignored .
important [thoughts] , such as the quality of the definitions , are ignored .

Some are motivated by combinations of these considerations .
some are motivated by combinations of these [thoughts] .

These considerations should give pause to those attacking Microsoft .
these [thoughts] should give pause to those attacking microsoft .

The browser software circumvents OS considerations by having a common interface no matter what OS you 're using .
the browser software circumvents os [thoughts] by having a common interface no matter what os you 're using .

The current shock and horror over alleged large soft-money donations to the Democratic National Committee by foreign nationals ( Koreans , Taiwanese , and Indonesians ) in return for economic- and military-policy considerations by the Clinton administration is amusing -- as if soft-money contributions made by domestic corporations and executives are somehow better , less sullied , more ethical .
the current shock and horror over alleged large soft-money donations to the democratic national committee by foreign nationals ( koreans , taiwanese , and indonesians ) in return for economic- and military-policy [thoughts] by the clinton administration is amusing -- as if soft-money contributions made by domestic corporations and executives are somehow better , less sullied , more ethical .

There are two considerations to keep in mind when buying a toothpaste : clinical effectiveness and aesthetic appeal .
there are two [thoughts] to keep in mind when buying a toothpaste : clinical effectiveness and aesthetic appeal .

He writes : `` We need a lot more women CEOs , and not merely because of considerations of fairness .
he writes : `` we need a lot more women ceos , and not merely because of [thoughts] of fairness .

Killing either on the basis of gene pool considerations for fewer than 1 percent of the population would be criminal .
killing either on the basis of gene pool [thoughts] for fewer than 1 percent of the population would be criminal .

In particular , Plotz 's notion that adventures used to be ( and need to be ) driven by practical considerations , such as opening trade routes , strikes me as daft .
in particular , plotz 's notion that adventures used to be ( and need to be ) driven by practical [thoughts] , such as opening trade routes , strikes me as daft .

K has no trouble deciding which it is now that he needs a few second-order considerations to refine his argument .
k has no trouble deciding which it is now that he needs a few second-order [thoughts] to refine his argument .

Several European papers noted that their personal friendship and shared commitment to the European ideal overrode ideological considerations .
several european papers noted that their personal friendship and shared commitment to the european ideal overrode ideological [thoughts] .

Paranoid considerations : 1 ) You will not be billed , now or in February , when the free period ends , unless you sign up all over again .
paranoid [thoughts] : 1 ) you will not be billed , now or in february , when the free period ends , unless you sign up all over again .

In the vastness of cyberspace , however , these considerations do not apply with the same force .
in the vastness of cyberspace , however , these [thoughts] do not apply with the same force .

This is another example of Jerusalem 's urban planning being influenced by political considerations , the paper said .
this is another example of jerusalem 's urban planning being influenced by political [thoughts] , the paper said .

He tells this story in a rather different way from the history of ETS , with an emphasis on the role of some activists , lawyers and others , who entered college and university at a time when meritocratic considerations were not yet affected in a major way by racial considerations , and when a number of young Japanese- and Chinese-Americans had opportunities to attend elite schools they would probably have not been able to in the pre-meritocratic age .
he tells this story in a rather different way from the history of ets , with an emphasis on the role of some activists , lawyers and others , who entered college and university at a time when meritocratic [thoughts] were not yet affected in a major way by racial [thoughts] , and when a number of young japanese- and chinese-americans had opportunities to attend elite schools they would probably have not been able to in the pre-meritocratic age .

The NYT budget off-lead covers much the same ground but is a bit more sensitive to the political angle , saying the budget presents the president with `` another opportunity to portray himself as absorbed in governing , and to deflect accusations that he had an affair.. '' The LAT also highlights political considerations , saying that the budget was `` designed to give Democrats an upper hand in November 's congressional elections and provide Vice President Al Gore with an edge as the 2000 presidential election approaches . ''
the nyt budget off-lead covers much the same ground but is a bit more sensitive to the political angle , saying the budget presents the president with `` another opportunity to portray himself as absorbed in governing , and to deflect accusations that he had an affair.. '' the lat also highlights political [thoughts] , saying that the budget was `` designed to give democrats an upper hand in november 's congressional elections and provide vice president al gore with an edge as the 2000 presidential election approaches . ''

The Wall Street Journal sees the sudden Asian nuke-out ( along with the China satellite flap ) as eclipsing the dominant business-driven foreign policy approach of the nineties , and returning security and moral considerations to the diplomatic fore .
the wall street journal sees the sudden asian nuke-out ( along with the china satellite flap ) as eclipsing the dominant business-driven foreign policy approach of the nineties , and returning security and moral [thoughts] to the diplomatic fore .

The book ends with a reflection on the argument between `` those intellectuals who advocate an organic relationship with the black community and those who aspire to transcend ethnic considerations , '' suggesting , affably , that the choice must be left , in our individualist culture , for each of us to make for ourselves .
the book ends with a reflection on the argument between `` those intellectuals who advocate an organic relationship with the black community and those who aspire to transcend ethnic [thoughts] , '' suggesting , affably , that the choice must be left , in our individualist culture , for each of us to make for ourselves .

The real question is how to strike an appropriate balance among the often conflicting values of truth on the one hand and considerations such as privacy and equality on the other .
the real question is how to strike an appropriate balance among the often conflicting values of truth on the one hand and [thoughts] such as privacy and equality on the other .

Redstone 's desire to remake the company -- and to placate shareholders , who have been disenchanted with Viacom for two years now -- outweighed tax considerations .
redstone 's desire to remake the company -- and to placate shareholders , who have been disenchanted with viacom for two years now -- outweighed tax [thoughts] .

Those short-term considerations might have been overridden , though , except for one thing : Jobs ' insistence that Apple be the sole standard-bearer of the digital revolution .
those short-term [thoughts] might have been overridden , though , except for one thing : jobs ' insistence that apple be the sole standard-bearer of the digital revolution .

Of course , more banal commercial considerations are also at work , as well as the Law of Award Entropy , which holds that awards tend to subdivide and multiply until they are worthless .
of course , more banal commercial [thoughts] are also at work , as well as the law of award entropy , which holds that awards tend to subdivide and multiply until they are worthless .

I do not mean political correctness ; I mean how important should it be for 1 ) oneself , 2 ) one 's `` onlookers , '' and whatever ethical-philosophical considerations come into play .
i do not mean political correctness ; i mean how important should it be for 1 ) oneself , 2 ) one 's `` onlookers , '' and whatever ethical-philosophical [thoughts] come into play .

In general , there do not seem to be `` ethical-philosophical considerations '' attached to breasts .
in general , there do not seem to be `` ethical-philosophical [thoughts] '' attached to breasts .

The concept of a fiscal citizen 's arrest ( tattling on tax fraud ) is subject to many considerations .
the concept of a fiscal citizen 's arrest ( tattling on tax fraud ) is subject to many [thoughts] .

He does , however , understand the fine points of public policy as well as any president we 've had , and is capable of putting the public welfare ahead of narrow political considerations when it really matters .
he does , however , understand the fine points of public policy as well as any president we 've had , and is capable of putting the public welfare ahead of narrow political [thoughts] when it really matters .

Where aesthetic considerations are paramount and base motives are unknown . ''
where aesthetic [thoughts] are paramount and base motives are unknown . ''

Similar considerations apply to regional development and learning .
similar [thoughts] apply to regional development and learning .

Cultural and medical considerations include fears that non-infected mothers will discontinue breast-feeding and the danger of formula mixed under unsanitary conditions .
cultural and medical [thoughts] include fears that non-infected mothers will discontinue breast-feeding and the danger of formula mixed under unsanitary conditions .

For them , as for most feminists , political considerations are primary .
for them , as for most feminists , political [thoughts] are primary .

While it is not only scientific and scholarly but noble to maintain that such matters as pronunciation , usage , dialect , and other features are all part of the description of language and are neither good nor bad , the fact remains that using a dialect or speech pattern that is unacceptable to those who are giving out the jobs may mean that one either gets the job or not , other qualifications being equal , hence the scientific and scholarly considerations may be effectively put into their academic niches where they belong .
while it is not only scientific and scholarly but noble to maintain that such matters as pronunciation , usage , dialect , and other features are all part of the description of language and are neither good nor bad , the fact remains that using a dialect or speech pattern that is unacceptable to those who are giving out the jobs may mean that one either gets the job or not , other qualifications being equal , hence the scientific and scholarly [thoughts] may be effectively put into their academic niches where they belong .

The almost insurmountable practical considerations reared up before me , and I quickly abandoned the idea .
the almost insurmountable practical [thoughts] reared up before me , and i quickly abandoned the idea .

Such considerations are also pertinent to name-based adjectives .
such [thoughts] are also pertinent to name-based adjectives .

Today , when commercial considerations put the publisher into the role of the patron -- despite the fact that advances are repayable , risks are taken -- acknowledgment of an editor 's ( artistic ) contribution may be relegated to the closing lines of the author 's foreword , which often grudgingly suggests that the work was produced in spite of rather than because of the person cited .
today , when commercial [thoughts] put the publisher into the role of the patron -- despite the fact that advances are repayable , risks are taken -- acknowledgment of an editor 's ( artistic ) contribution may be relegated to the closing lines of the author 's foreword , which often grudgingly suggests that the work was produced in spite of rather than because of the person cited .

