Even when public bodies arrived at a consensus , at least one dissenting vote has been usual .
even when public bodies arrived at a [agreement/decision] , at least one dissenting vote has been usual .

A national consensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary .
a national [agreement/decision] of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary .

On the other hand , the consensus of opinion is that , used with caution and in conjunction with other types of evidence , the native sources still provide a valid rough outline for the English settlement of southern Britain .
on the other hand , the [agreement/decision] of opinion is that , used with caution and in conjunction with other types of evidence , the native sources still provide a valid rough outline for the english settlement of southern britain .

Even in the United States , with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation , there is a general consensus regarding the basic Christian values .
even in the united states , with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation , there is a general [agreement/decision] regarding the basic christian values .

He found , as he had suspected , a general consensus that perhaps over half of the present functionally designed course was not really functional for these students .
he found , as he had suspected , a general [agreement/decision] that perhaps over half of the present functionally designed course was not really functional for these students .

In the absence of a reservoir of political consensus each organized political group hopes that the elections will give them new prominence , but in a system where there is as yet no place for the less prominent .
in the absence of a reservoir of political [agreement/decision] each organized political group hopes that the elections will give them new prominence , but in a system where there is as yet no place for the less prominent .

Lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the P.D.I. in 1957 and the progressive Istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power .
lacking the respected and effective institutions that [agreement/decision] helps provide , minority parties , such as the p.d.i. in 1957 and the progressive istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power .

In Britain the only consensus has appeared to be to regard him as an embarrassment .
in britain the only [agreement/decision] has appeared to be to regard him as an embarrassment .

However he said : ‘ This debate has highlighted the need for greater autonomy for the Labour Party in Scotland and the need to have policies which reflect the political consensus in Scotland .
however he said : ‘ this debate has highlighted the need for greater autonomy for the labour party in scotland and the need to have policies which reflect the political [agreement/decision] in scotland .

Sources close to the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries said that weekend talks in Vienna achieved consensus that cuts in output were needed to avert a serious fall in revenue for the 12 member states .
sources close to the organisation of petroleum exporting countries said that weekend talks in vienna achieved [agreement/decision] that cuts in output were needed to avert a serious fall in revenue for the 12 member states .

He denied the apology was on the orders of Rupert Murdoch , saying it was a ‘ common consensus ’ emerging from a meeting involving Mr Murdoch , editor Kelvin MacKenzie , and senior News International executives .
he denied the apology was on the orders of rupert murdoch , saying it was a ‘ common [agreement/decision] ’ emerging from a meeting involving mr murdoch , editor kelvin mackenzie , and senior news international executives .

But it stipulated that cabinet decisions should be taken by majority vote , rather than by consensus as the National Party wanted . — Reuter
but it stipulated that cabinet decisions should be taken by majority vote , rather than by [agreement/decision] as the national party wanted . — reuter

With signs of an emerging consensus on law and order between Conservative and Labour , Mr Clarke signalled legislation to close a gap in the law which prohibits custodial prison sentences for children under 15 .
with signs of an emerging [agreement/decision] on law and order between conservative and labour , mr clarke signalled legislation to close a gap in the law which prohibits custodial prison sentences for children under 15 .

With Labour preparing to unveil specific policies today , Mr Clarke said that the acid test of Labour 's new rhetoric and any new consensus on crime was whether the party would support the Government crackdown in the Commons .
with labour preparing to unveil specific policies today , mr clarke said that the acid test of labour 's new rhetoric and any new [agreement/decision] on crime was whether the party would support the government crackdown in the commons .

But what is most to be welcomed about the current spate of rhetorical outrage from politicians is the emerging consensus between Labour and the Tories on a new approach — an attempt to fill the moral vacuum , to look at society as a whole for the flaws .
but what is most to be welcomed about the current spate of rhetorical outrage from politicians is the emerging [agreement/decision] between labour and the tories on a new approach — an attempt to fill the moral vacuum , to look at society as a whole for the flaws .

Rarely , if ever , do we find such a consensus across area and social class .
rarely , if ever , do we find such a [agreement/decision] across area and social class .

If , for instance , you are pushed over in the playground , would it be all right to push the aggressor in return ? ‘ If you run away , you 're just a sap , ’ is the consensus from those who have something to say . Turning the other cheek is not an option here — until the children begin to work through the logic and consequences of two wrongs making a …
if , for instance , you are pushed over in the playground , would it be all right to push the aggressor in return ? ‘ if you run away , you 're just a sap , ’ is the [agreement/decision] from those who have something to say . turning the other cheek is not an option here — until the children begin to work through the logic and consequences of two wrongs making a …

Though there was consensus among most delegates that production cuts were needed to avoid an oil glut which would weaken prices as demand dipped in the spring , the discussions became bogged down with claims by Kuwait for special treatment .
though there was [agreement/decision] among most delegates that production cuts were needed to avoid an oil glut which would weaken prices as demand dipped in the spring , the discussions became bogged down with claims by kuwait for special treatment .

It may be early days to expect a consensus to emerge less than two weeks after the group was established , and it is now too late to forge a common front to influence the Budget .
it may be early days to expect a [agreement/decision] to emerge less than two weeks after the group was established , and it is now too late to forge a common front to influence the budget .

This sort of delegation needs to be invited on a considered basis and international consensus and not by 18 Conservatives in Darlington .
this sort of delegation needs to be invited on a considered basis and international [agreement/decision] and not by 18 conservatives in darlington .

This sort of delegation needs to be invited on a considered basis and international consensus and not by 18 Conservatives in Darlington , ’ he said .
this sort of delegation needs to be invited on a considered basis and international [agreement/decision] and not by 18 conservatives in darlington , ’ he said .

This sort of delegation needs to be invited on a considered basis and international consensus and not by 18 Conservatives in Darlington .
this sort of delegation needs to be invited on a considered basis and international [agreement/decision] and not by 18 conservatives in darlington .

In Britain the Chinese ambassador , Ma Yuzhen , has been actively lobbying MPs , apparently in an attempt to break the parliamentary consensus behind Mr Patten .
in britain the chinese ambassador , ma yuzhen , has been actively lobbying mps , apparently in an attempt to break the parliamentary [agreement/decision] behind mr patten .

There was clear consensus on the need for a change to single-tier authorities , he said , but there was no option which would be applied across Scotland .
there was clear [agreement/decision] on the need for a change to single-tier authorities , he said , but there was no option which would be applied across scotland .

He stressed that he sought consensus among teachers , parents , local and central government , in place of the confrontation of recent years — a clear reference to the controversy which surrounded Michael Forsyth 's time as education minister from 1987 and last year .
he stressed that he sought [agreement/decision] among teachers , parents , local and central government , in place of the confrontation of recent years — a clear reference to the controversy which surrounded michael forsyth 's time as education minister from 1987 and last year .

Mrs Maginnis claimed that Mr Lang , rather than trying to find a consensus and a way forward , was introducing another element of aggravation and difficulty into the work of teachers and local authorities .
mrs maginnis claimed that mr lang , rather than trying to find a [agreement/decision] and a way forward , was introducing another element of aggravation and difficulty into the work of teachers and local authorities .

Once dealers had time to digest more of the Chancellor 's speech , however , the consensus around the trading screens was that it was a broadly neutral budget , and a late rally reduced the fall to 3 points to leave the index at 2,919.30 at the close .
once dealers had time to digest more of the chancellor 's speech , however , the [agreement/decision] around the trading screens was that it was a broadly neutral budget , and a late rally reduced the fall to 3 points to leave the index at 2,919.30 at the close .

With an interlude for a half-yearly general meeting to approve the audited accounts , a somewhat frenetic round of discussion groups produced a remarkable degree of consensus on various fronts .
with an interlude for a half-yearly general meeting to approve the audited accounts , a somewhat frenetic round of discussion groups produced a remarkable degree of [agreement/decision] on various fronts .

Her ability to achieve consensus in sensitive decisions was never at the price of individual promise or doctrinaire cost-cutting , and she was a resolute opponent of any moves to take books of quality out of the teaching of English .
her ability to achieve [agreement/decision] in sensitive decisions was never at the price of individual promise or doctrinaire cost-cutting , and she was a resolute opponent of any moves to take books of quality out of the teaching of english .

Until the entire Catholic tradition reaches a consensus approving women 's ordination , Bishop Sessford will oppose it .
until the entire catholic tradition reaches a [agreement/decision] approving women 's ordination , bishop sessford will oppose it .

World statistics show that 1990 and 1991 were the warmest years on record , and there was now a strong consensus that global warming would produce sea-level rises , changing rainfall and changing extremes of weather .
world statistics show that 1990 and 1991 were the warmest years on record , and there was now a strong [agreement/decision] that global warming would produce sea-level rises , changing rainfall and changing extremes of weather .

If strenuous attempts were also made to involve Scottish business in a real debate , then the mixture of the council and the coalition could be said to reflect a pretty broad national consensus .
if strenuous attempts were also made to involve scottish business in a real debate , then the mixture of the council and the coalition could be said to reflect a pretty broad national [agreement/decision] .

Countries which follow the Rhine model , he says , evolve an economy culture : a consensus of common purpose , in which the economic cycle is insulated from the political cycle , partly through broad political agreement about economic ends and means , partly through independent central banks tied to strong currency policies .
countries which follow the rhine model , he says , evolve an economy culture : a [agreement/decision] of common purpose , in which the economic cycle is insulated from the political cycle , partly through broad political agreement about economic ends and means , partly through independent central banks tied to strong currency policies .

By contrast , in the ‘ well-managed consensus ’ of the Rhine model , banks rather than stock markets are the guardians of the capitalist flame , Albert says .
by contrast , in the ‘ well-managed [agreement/decision] ’ of the rhine model , banks rather than stock markets are the guardians of the capitalist flame , albert says .

There is a sub-theory that attempts to embrace ham curing in the cellar and a consensus that the frequent fisticuffs notion is the least likely .
there is a sub-theory that attempts to embrace ham curing in the cellar and a [agreement/decision] that the frequent fisticuffs notion is the least likely .

No obvious 140k binding consensus could be derived from the gene 62 promoter binding sites , although several of the more strongly protected sequences contain homologies to the 5 ' portion of the Vmw175 binding consensus ( 21 , 22 ) .
no obvious 140k binding [agreement/decision] could be derived from the gene 62 promoter binding sites , although several of the more strongly protected sequences contain homologies to the 5 ' portion of the vmw175 binding [agreement/decision] ( 21 , 22 ) .

The process was never completed owing to a lack of consensus in a number of important areas and only a few piecemeal changes have been made over the years , most recently the creation of Schools in 1989 .
the process was never completed owing to a lack of [agreement/decision] in a number of important areas and only a few piecemeal changes have been made over the years , most recently the creation of schools in 1989 .

The clear consensus of the meeting was that while some visitors might be able work with us on advocacy , we were increasingly asking a growing range of contributions from such visitors .
the clear [agreement/decision] of the meeting was that while some visitors might be able work with us on advocacy , we were increasingly asking a growing range of contributions from such visitors .

In Britain , most of the post-war period was marked by ‘ Butskellite ’ consensus within the continuity of a long-established parliamentary tradition .
in britain , most of the post-war period was marked by ‘ butskellite ’ [agreement/decision] within the continuity of a long-established parliamentary tradition .

The Conservative government of 1979 represented a break with the post-war Keynesian consensus in economic management .
the conservative government of 1979 represented a break with the post-war keynesian [agreement/decision] in economic management .

Although the move away from Keynesianism had begun during the mid-1970s under a Labour government , the Thatcherite programme explicitly rejected the previous consensus and embraced a liberal political economy based on the restoration of market forces and market values .
although the move away from keynesianism had begun during the mid-1970s under a labour government , the thatcherite programme explicitly rejected the previous [agreement/decision] and embraced a liberal political economy based on the restoration of market forces and market values .

In Pizzorno 's words , an ‘ actor ( generally the government ) which has goods to give is ready to trade them in exchange for social consensus with an actor who can threaten to withdraw that consensus ’ ( 1978 : 279 ) .
in pizzorno 's words , an ‘ actor ( generally the government ) which has goods to give is ready to trade them in exchange for social [agreement/decision] with an actor who can threaten to withdraw that [agreement/decision] ’ ( 1978 : 279 ) .

The concern with consensus , and the desire of national railway management and union leaders to control industrial action , has reinforced the tendency towards centralization in collective bargaining .
the concern with [agreement/decision] , and the desire of national railway management and union leaders to control industrial action , has reinforced the tendency towards centralization in collective bargaining .

The most important expression of this view was the development in many countries of a broad political consensus , embracing the major parties of both left and right , and subscribed to by trade unions and employers ' associations .
the most important expression of this view was the development in many countries of a broad political [agreement/decision] , embracing the major parties of both left and right , and subscribed to by trade unions and employers ' associations .

The necessary analytic underpinning for the consensus was the belief that the state could manipulate the economy to achieve these goals , most importantly that it could always change spending to ensure full employment .
the necessary analytic underpinning for the [agreement/decision] was the belief that the state could manipulate the economy to achieve these goals , most importantly that it could always change spending to ensure full employment .

Here we look at some examples of attempts to reshape features of the economy within the parameters of the consensus .
here we look at some examples of attempts to reshape features of the economy within the parameters of the [agreement/decision] .

The right of workers to organized representation was another important feature of the consensus .
the right of workers to organized representation was another important feature of the [agreement/decision] .

From the mid-1970s , left parties came increasingly to adopt a more radical approach to the consensus ( chapter 18 ) .
from the mid-1970s , left parties came increasingly to adopt a more radical approach to the [agreement/decision] ( chapter 18 ) .

The general consensus is that worker influence on these boards has been limited .
the general [agreement/decision] is that worker influence on these boards has been limited .

This view from the author of Modern Capitalism — at the time probably the most influential interpretation of postwar trends in the advanced countries — was fully in line with the consensus .
this view from the author of modern capitalism — at the time probably the most influential interpretation of postwar trends in the advanced countries — was fully in line with the [agreement/decision] .

There seems to be a consensus that the plan did encourage accumulation , at least up to the late sixties .
there seems to be a [agreement/decision] that the plan did encourage accumulation , at least up to the late sixties .

In France , as elsewhere , capital preferred to ditch the consensus in favour of more traditional capitalist virtues .
in france , as elsewhere , capital preferred to ditch the [agreement/decision] in favour of more traditional capitalist virtues .

This , of course , is the mechanism of the consensus process : the expanding firm is persuaded either to delay its application or to accept a delayed approval .
this , of course , is the mechanism of the [agreement/decision] process : the expanding firm is persuaded either to delay its application or to accept a delayed approval .

When this persuasion fails , consensus is frustrated .
when this persuasion fails , [agreement/decision] is frustrated .

These in turn reproduced the consensus .
these in turn reproduced the [agreement/decision] .

They also marked a watershed in industrial relations , showing clearly that the consensus had failed to unite divergent class interests .
they also marked a watershed in industrial relations , showing clearly that the [agreement/decision] had failed to unite divergent class interests .

‘ There is a new consensus in this country , on the continent , and in America , amongst local government , business , and people a consensus that only this government refuses to join . ’
‘ there is a new [agreement/decision] in this country , on the continent , and in america , amongst local government , business , and people a [agreement/decision] that only this government refuses to join . ’

The consensus in the markets is that the newly-formed audit committee , made up of board members , is examining more than last years figures .
the [agreement/decision] in the markets is that the newly-formed audit committee , made up of board members , is examining more than last years figures .

Now , was there a consensus of opinion , is , is the Green Party Conference a conference where people have , have active debates or , or was it generally er a peaceful affair as it were ?
now , was there a [agreement/decision] of opinion , is , is the green party conference a conference where people have , have active debates or , or was it generally er a peaceful affair as it were ?

If you have a hundred people , as you say , well you can do all sorts of things ; you can take a vote , or you can argue it out , until you come to some kind of consensus .
if you have a hundred people , as you say , well you can do all sorts of things ; you can take a vote , or you can argue it out , until you come to some kind of [agreement/decision] .

If they , they demonstrate good consensus , they will both win in the public opinion enormously .
if they , they demonstrate good [agreement/decision] , they will both win in the public opinion enormously .

That convention needed a consensus , while the London Dumping Convention adopts its resolutions by a two-thirds majority .
that convention needed a [agreement/decision] , while the london dumping convention adopts its resolutions by a two-thirds majority .

The ringisho ( request for a decision ) goes back and forth and eventually a consensus is achieved among the interested parties , with the president giving his final approval .
the ringisho ( request for a decision ) goes back and forth and eventually a [agreement/decision] is achieved among the interested parties , with the president giving his final approval .

Thirdly , just because preferences are subjective , it does not follow that there will not be a degree of consensus about them .
thirdly , just because preferences are subjective , it does not follow that there will not be a degree of [agreement/decision] about them .

Struan seems to see this consensus as evidence of objectivity .
struan seems to see this [agreement/decision] as evidence of objectivity .

It may well be in fact that there is a consensus about subjective taste , but this is quite different from saying that taste is objective !
it may well be in fact that there is a [agreement/decision] about subjective taste , but this is quite different from saying that taste is objective !

The consensus it that by four or five strokes it is the toughest course in either county because the battle is only half over when you 've found the green .
the [agreement/decision] it that by four or five strokes it is the toughest course in either county because the battle is only half over when you 've found the green .

But it reflects the astronomical consensus of what probably did happen .
but it reflects the astronomical [agreement/decision] of what probably did happen .

There is no clear consensus about how fast or slowly dinosaurs moved .
there is no clear [agreement/decision] about how fast or slowly dinosaurs moved .

In the minds of those who gave positive thought to it , the Commonwealth was to be an organization to which no one who was unwilling need apply , and in which those who had joined were to reach their decisions on the basis of consensus : the goal to be pursued was an uncoerced acknowledgement of Britain as the senior partner in a world-wide enterprise ; the position to be sought was the supremely equivocal but potentially supreme satisfying one of primus inter pares .
in the minds of those who gave positive thought to it , the commonwealth was to be an organization to which no one who was unwilling need apply , and in which those who had joined were to reach their decisions on the basis of [agreement/decision] : the goal to be pursued was an uncoerced acknowledgement of britain as the senior partner in a world-wide enterprise ; the position to be sought was the supremely equivocal but potentially supreme satisfying one of primus inter pares .

In twentieth-century Western cultures , however , there is some consensus concerning which bodies are ‘ sexually attractive ’ and central to concepts of desire , and which bodies are ‘ repulsive ’ and marginal .
in twentieth-century western cultures , however , there is some [agreement/decision] concerning which bodies are ‘ sexually attractive ’ and central to concepts of desire , and which bodies are ‘ repulsive ’ and marginal .

But what Positive Images might have done , but did not do , was to generate any Left consensus on the family and relationships .
but what positive images might have done , but did not do , was to generate any left [agreement/decision] on the family and relationships .

The consensus politics of the post-1945 period in which so many of our demands were rooted is no more .
the [agreement/decision] politics of the post-1945 period in which so many of our demands were rooted is no more .

But precisely because of that , sex and sexual representations are important to us , and so we can not allow a simple-minded anti-pornography consensus to stifle us .
but precisely because of that , sex and sexual representations are important to us , and so we can not allow a simple-minded anti-pornography [agreement/decision] to stifle us .

At the moment there seems to be a consensus within South Africa for change .
at the moment there seems to be a [agreement/decision] within south africa for change .

The emerging consensus is that one serious crime in three ( excluding burglary and car theft ) is reported to the police .
the emerging [agreement/decision] is that one serious crime in three ( excluding burglary and car theft ) is reported to the police .

The debate over Project 2000 's cost and manpower implications has raged ever since the project group reported , but there is a strong consensus of feeling that the time for radical change is now at hand .
the debate over project 2000 's cost and manpower implications has raged ever since the project group reported , but there is a strong [agreement/decision] of feeling that the time for radical change is now at hand .

The major flaw in attempting to get all the fractious fragments to work together , when nothing really united them except being Right-On , was the massive emphasis it placed on consensus .
the major flaw in attempting to get all the fractious fragments to work together , when nothing really united them except being right-on , was the massive emphasis it placed on [agreement/decision] .

They decided that he was only in it for himself and was not the sort of person the comrades wanted to have with them , and definitely not part of the consensus .
they decided that he was only in it for himself and was not the sort of person the comrades wanted to have with them , and definitely not part of the [agreement/decision] .

One of the key elements of the paper had always been that it should be run on consensus lines , with broad agreement among the group , often expressed by a vote before any decision was taken .
one of the key elements of the paper had always been that it should be run on [agreement/decision] lines , with broad agreement among the group , often expressed by a vote before any decision was taken .

If you miss a meeting , or a crucial decision within one , it is very difficult to have anything reversed afterwards , as it has then been approved by the consensus and therefore stands .
if you miss a meeting , or a crucial decision within one , it is very difficult to have anything reversed afterwards , as it has then been approved by the [agreement/decision] and therefore stands .

The Founders and the closely allied management team , recently formed from the old executive committee and resolved to work by consensus , began to close ranks against Hayling and the intruding alien business world which he came to represent .
the founders and the closely allied management team , recently formed from the old executive committee and resolved to work by [agreement/decision] , began to close ranks against hayling and the intruding alien business world which he came to represent .

a definite consensus that second or retaliatory uses of nuclear weapons against cities and primarily civilian targets violate international law and constitute a crime against humanity ;
a definite [agreement/decision] that second or retaliatory uses of nuclear weapons against cities and primarily civilian targets violate international law and constitute a crime against humanity ;

a definite mandate directed towards citizens to take whatever steps are available to them to achieve a law-oriented foreign policy for their own country , including , as both conscience and good sense dictate , non-violent acts of civil disobedience , and efforts to persuade members of all branches of government to overcome the gap that separates the normative consensus of the public as to the illegality of the use of nuclear weapons from prevailing official policies . ( Falk , 1983 , pp. 537–8 )
a definite mandate directed towards citizens to take whatever steps are available to them to achieve a law-oriented foreign policy for their own country , including , as both conscience and good sense dictate , non-violent acts of civil disobedience , and efforts to persuade members of all branches of government to overcome the gap that separates the normative [agreement/decision] of the public as to the illegality of the use of nuclear weapons from prevailing official policies . ( falk , 1983 , pp. 537–8 )

In my view legal process embodies some properties which tend to increase the law 's trustworthiness as a moral guide although not one which simply incorporates the moral consensus of ordinary life with the rules of the polity .
in my view legal process embodies some properties which tend to increase the law 's trustworthiness as a moral guide although not one which simply incorporates the moral [agreement/decision] of ordinary life with the rules of the polity .

It is not that the outlawing of all war apart from the overwhelming necessities of self-defence is unrealistic and therefore inevitably unefficacious as a means for controlling force , but rather that it runs counter to the sort of moral consensus on which the ethical authority of international law could be based .
it is not that the outlawing of all war apart from the overwhelming necessities of self-defence is unrealistic and therefore inevitably unefficacious as a means for controlling force , but rather that it runs counter to the sort of moral [agreement/decision] on which the ethical authority of international law could be based .

Perhaps the most serious defect of the current representative model of English politics though is that it disenfranchises , in a double sense , the broader electorate which falls outside the established consensus .
perhaps the most serious defect of the current representative model of english politics though is that it disenfranchises , in a double sense , the broader electorate which falls outside the established [agreement/decision] .

It takes conviction to stand firm when there is a price to pay , when a strong authority is openly hostile or when the surrounding consensus considers belief ridiculous , harmful or unpatriotic .
it takes conviction to stand firm when there is a price to pay , when a strong authority is openly hostile or when the surrounding [agreement/decision] considers belief ridiculous , harmful or unpatriotic .

There is a consensus that the search for safe living environments must continue , but there are debates over how best these might be achieved .
there is a [agreement/decision] that the search for safe living environments must continue , but there are debates over how best these might be achieved .

Moreover , whilst it is true that the great popularity of the environmental improvements in the centres has turned attention towards restraining traffic in other areas , it is also clear that as car ownership and use rises , there is no political consensus for banning cars in the rest of the city .
moreover , whilst it is true that the great popularity of the environmental improvements in the centres has turned attention towards restraining traffic in other areas , it is also clear that as car ownership and use rises , there is no political [agreement/decision] for banning cars in the rest of the city .

The consensus was clear : France was finished ; Europe was finished ; they were better off here .
the [agreement/decision] was clear : france was finished ; europe was finished ; they were better off here .

The strategy consisted not of ministerial diktat but the progressive application of pressure on LEAs to ensure that the school curriculum in their areas was in line with a real or imagined consensus about what pupils should learn at school .
the strategy consisted not of ministerial diktat but the progressive application of pressure on leas to ensure that the school curriculum in their areas was in line with a real or imagined [agreement/decision] about what pupils should learn at school .

While these features of the proposed legislation were foreshadowed in earlier government papers and initiatives it is worth exploring why it was decided to break from the practice of national consensus seeking through discussion and persuasion and to introduce legislation .
while these features of the proposed legislation were foreshadowed in earlier government papers and initiatives it is worth exploring why it was decided to break from the practice of national [agreement/decision] seeking through discussion and persuasion and to introduce legislation .

The Secretary of State 's authority on this matter has been accepted , not out of docility or in the belief that the Secretary of State for Scotland is infallible in curriculum matters : it has been accepted because it is very obviously based on a clear national consensus .
the secretary of state 's authority on this matter has been accepted , not out of docility or in the belief that the secretary of state for scotland is infallible in curriculum matters : it has been accepted because it is very obviously based on a clear national [agreement/decision] .

That consensus was reflected in the recommendations of the Munn Committee itself , which were , in turn , based on the evidence submitted to the committee .
that [agreement/decision] was reflected in the recommendations of the munn committee itself , which were , in turn , based on the evidence submitted to the committee .

Without probing too deeply into the reasons for the emergence of that national consensus — and the cogency of the Munn report 's argument and the compactness of Scotland as an educational entity , can not be disregarded in this connection — the existence of that consensus is beyond question and it undoubtedly made the introduction of a national curriculum framework a relatively unproblematic matter .
without probing too deeply into the reasons for the emergence of that national [agreement/decision] — and the cogency of the munn report 's argument and the compactness of scotland as an educational entity , can not be disregarded in this connection — the existence of that [agreement/decision] is beyond question and it undoubtedly made the introduction of a national curriculum framework a relatively unproblematic matter .

At the same time , there is always likely to be a gap between reaching a consensus on the curriculum and implementing the consensus once it has been reached .
at the same time , there is always likely to be a gap between reaching a [agreement/decision] on the curriculum and implementing the [agreement/decision] once it has been reached .

The Cleveland Inquiry ( Secretary of State for Social Services , 1988 ) noted that : ‘ It has been impossible from the evidence provided to the Inquiry to arrive at any consensus or to obtain any reliable figures of the general prevalence of sexual abuse of children in the country or in Clevelend ’ ( p.4 ) and later comments that : ‘ We are strongly of the opinion that great caution should be exercised at the present time in accepting percentages as to the prevalence and incidence of sexual abuse .
the cleveland inquiry ( secretary of state for social services , 1988 ) noted that : ‘ it has been impossible from the evidence provided to the inquiry to arrive at any [agreement/decision] or to obtain any reliable figures of the general prevalence of sexual abuse of children in the country or in clevelend ’ ( p.4 ) and later comments that : ‘ we are strongly of the opinion that great caution should be exercised at the present time in accepting percentages as to the prevalence and incidence of sexual abuse .

For example : ‘ We are satisfied from the evidence that the consensus is that the sign of anal dilatation is abnormal and suspicious and requires further investigation .
for example : ‘ we are satisfied from the evidence that the [agreement/decision] is that the sign of anal dilatation is abnormal and suspicious and requires further investigation .

Nevertheless , for a number of writers the essential point is not so much that these ideas on unemployment and social welfare were new , as that a broad political consensus developed around them which achieved its apotheosis in the triumph of Keynesianism in 1947 [ Booth , 1983 ; 1984 ] .
nevertheless , for a number of writers the essential point is not so much that these ideas on unemployment and social welfare were new , as that a broad political [agreement/decision] developed around them which achieved its apotheosis in the triumph of keynesianism in 1947 [ booth , 1983 ; 1984 ] .

The Employment Policy White Paper was certainly a major declaration of intent but effective consensus also requires agreement over means .
the employment policy white paper was certainly a major declaration of intent but effective [agreement/decision] also requires agreement over means .

In large part lack of consensus reflected differences in theoretical positions ; to some degree it was a consequence of the different interests of the departments within which economists were employed .
in large part lack of [agreement/decision] reflected differences in theoretical positions ; to some degree it was a consequence of the different interests of the departments within which economists were employed .

More importantly , recent research reveals a major lack of consensus among politicians over the basic role of government in the economy [ Harris , 1981 ] .
more importantly , recent research reveals a major lack of [agreement/decision] among politicians over the basic role of government in the economy [ harris , 1981 ] .

The election of a Conservative government in 1951 is generally taken to signify the triumph of Butskellism — a new , consensus economic policy personified by Gaitskell and Butler , successively Labour and Conservative chancellors of the exchequer [ Morgan , 1984 ; Pelling , 1984 ] .
the election of a conservative government in 1951 is generally taken to signify the triumph of butskellism — a new , [agreement/decision] economic policy personified by gaitskell and butler , successively labour and conservative chancellors of the exchequer [ morgan , 1984 ; pelling , 1984 ] .

Although precise categories of mental illness are difficult to arrive at , there is at least reasonable consensus about the meaning of the more inclusive terms , ‘ psychosis ’ and ‘ psychotic ’ .
although precise categories of mental illness are difficult to arrive at , there is at least reasonable [agreement/decision] about the meaning of the more inclusive terms , ‘ psychosis ’ and ‘ psychotic ’ .

Labour has failed to build a popular consensus around educational reform and was trumped by Ashdown 's penny on income tax .
labour has failed to build a popular [agreement/decision] around educational reform and was trumped by ashdown 's penny on income tax .

The decent community solidarity and welfare socialism that Mr Kinnock embodied was caught on the horns of a terrible contradiction , which Labour in opposition did nothing to resolve , since it did not tackle early enough the low tax/public spending anti-welfare consensus that Thatcherism built .
the decent community solidarity and welfare socialism that mr kinnock embodied was caught on the horns of a terrible contradiction , which labour in opposition did nothing to resolve , since it did not tackle early enough the low tax/public spending anti-welfare [agreement/decision] that thatcherism built .

In terms of an automatic ‘ welfare consensus ’ , the social contours of British society have been altered irrevocably , partly by the Thatcher revolution , partly by deeper economic trends , which Thatcherism did not create but successfully harnessed to its political project .
in terms of an automatic ‘ welfare [agreement/decision] ’ , the social contours of british society have been altered irrevocably , partly by the thatcher revolution , partly by deeper economic trends , which thatcherism did not create but successfully harnessed to its political project .

Germany , the one country whose governance was the result of genuine compromise and conceived in an era when the Christian Democrats regarded capitalism as a beast to be tamed and trained , not let loose on the world , is still a model for power-sharing and consensus between centre and regions , between conservatives , social democrats , liberals and greens .
germany , the one country whose governance was the result of genuine compromise and conceived in an era when the christian democrats regarded capitalism as a beast to be tamed and trained , not let loose on the world , is still a model for power-sharing and [agreement/decision] between centre and regions , between conservatives , social democrats , liberals and greens .

While he can usually be relied upon to offend whichever sacred cows the liberal consensus happens to be grazing , the satirical armoury has shown dismaying signs of fatigue .
while he can usually be relied upon to offend whichever sacred cows the liberal [agreement/decision] happens to be grazing , the satirical armoury has shown dismaying signs of fatigue .

Newham council has managed to maintain a consensus that equal opportunities override the claims of minority religious leaders , despite pressures from religious lobbies .
newham council has managed to maintain a [agreement/decision] that equal opportunities override the claims of minority religious leaders , despite pressures from religious lobbies .

Similarly with regard to attitudes to management , the British workers fitted the Blauner model , expressing a high level of contentment with existing procedures of decision making and a consensus about organisational goals , whereas the French saw their enterprises as socially dichotomous and exploitative .
similarly with regard to attitudes to management , the british workers fitted the blauner model , expressing a high level of contentment with existing procedures of decision making and a [agreement/decision] about organisational goals , whereas the french saw their enterprises as socially dichotomous and exploitative .

Though there were some criticisms of the new technology , the general consensus was that it had improved the quality of the jobs people did .
though there were some criticisms of the new technology , the general [agreement/decision] was that it had improved the quality of the jobs people did .

There is a cuddly look about the new Scottish Office ministerial team and there have been unconfirmed sightings of the word ‘ consensus ’ .
there is a cuddly look about the new scottish office ministerial team and there have been unconfirmed sightings of the word ‘ [agreement/decision] ’ .

There was a process of compromise until there was consensus among the professionals .
there was a process of compromise until there was [agreement/decision] among the professionals .

The existing libertarian order in the West is no longer rooted in a consensus that drains its inspiration ultimately from a common set of unquestioned beliefs .
the existing libertarian order in the west is no longer rooted in a [agreement/decision] that drains its inspiration ultimately from a common set of unquestioned beliefs .

In short , there has to be no room for misunderstanding ; there must be what lawyers call consensus ad idem or a meeting of minds .
in short , there has to be no room for misunderstanding ; there must be what lawyers call [agreement/decision] ad idem or a meeting of minds .

consensus ad idem
[agreement/decision] ad idem

Professor Mark Roberts , speaking from the centre of the critical consensus , declared : ‘ It does n't issue from an understanding of reality which is not to be denied , it is not moulded by some controlling vision of things which is at the same time its raison d'être .
professor mark roberts , speaking from the centre of the critical [agreement/decision] , declared : ‘ it does n't issue from an understanding of reality which is not to be denied , it is not moulded by some controlling vision of things which is at the same time its raison d'être .

The general consensus of modern medical opinion is that a lower intake of fats , less cholesterol and more fibre in our diets lowers the risk of heart disease , stroke , high blood pressure , arthritis , gall stones , ulcers , constipation and even , perhaps , certain cancers .
the general [agreement/decision] of modern medical opinion is that a lower intake of fats , less cholesterol and more fibre in our diets lowers the risk of heart disease , stroke , high blood pressure , arthritis , gall stones , ulcers , constipation and even , perhaps , certain cancers .

Manville shrugged . ‘ No general consensus , then ? ’
manville shrugged . ‘ no general [agreement/decision] , then ? ’

The consensus of opinion , nevertheless , was that the fundamental demarcation occurred at £40 .
the [agreement/decision] of opinion , nevertheless , was that the fundamental demarcation occurred at £40 .

The sadness is the greater as the Act comes at a time when the accumulated wisdom from attempts to improve schools was establishing a consensus on how schools might more effectively meet the needs of all pupils .
the sadness is the greater as the act comes at a time when the accumulated wisdom from attempts to improve schools was establishing a [agreement/decision] on how schools might more effectively meet the needs of all pupils .

Descriptive studies of pre-school education ( Parry and Archer 1974 , Gilkes 1987 ) have illuminated the debate to some extent and aims and objectives approaches to curriculum design can serve as pragmatic guidelines in the absence of a consensus about short and longer term criteria for early childhood education .
descriptive studies of pre-school education ( parry and archer 1974 , gilkes 1987 ) have illuminated the debate to some extent and aims and objectives approaches to curriculum design can serve as pragmatic guidelines in the absence of a [agreement/decision] about short and longer term criteria for early childhood education .

But the concern , in respect of the early years , is that we have never achieved consensus over what an appropriate early years curriculum should be ; besides which , provision is so varied nationally that some children are evidently disadvantaged from an early age .
but the concern , in respect of the early years , is that we have never achieved [agreement/decision] over what an appropriate early years curriculum should be ; besides which , provision is so varied nationally that some children are evidently disadvantaged from an early age .

Topics and relevant issues are raised in classes which stimulate pupils to express opinions , argue , explain and negotiate for a consensus
topics and relevant issues are raised in classes which stimulate pupils to express opinions , argue , explain and negotiate for a [agreement/decision]

There is now a general acceptance of the belief that the work and context of the mass media deserves deep analysis and that processes of maintenance and reproduction , of manufacturing consent and consensus , are by no means simple or closed .
there is now a general acceptance of the belief that the work and context of the mass media deserves deep analysis and that processes of maintenance and reproduction , of manufacturing consent and [agreement/decision] , are by no means simple or closed .

Indeed , the image or notion of consensus is built into the very language of the media : they contrast ‘ compromise ’ with ‘ dogmatism ’ , ‘ order ’ with ‘ chaos ’ , ‘ realism ’ with ‘ ideology ’ , ‘ responsibility ’ with ‘ irresponsibility ’ and so on .
indeed , the image or notion of [agreement/decision] is built into the very language of the media : they contrast ‘ compromise ’ with ‘ dogmatism ’ , ‘ order ’ with ‘ chaos ’ , ‘ realism ’ with ‘ ideology ’ , ‘ responsibility ’ with ‘ irresponsibility ’ and so on .

The artist resented the duopoly and its restricted , middle-of-the-road media fare ; the politician objected to the continued emphasis on a vanished consensus ; the moral entrepreneur objected to its irreverence and irresponsibility , and the political activist resented the narrowness of its political outlook .
the artist resented the duopoly and its restricted , middle-of-the-road media fare ; the politician objected to the continued emphasis on a vanished [agreement/decision] ; the moral entrepreneur objected to its irreverence and irresponsibility , and the political activist resented the narrowness of its political outlook .

Consensus was reached with the third and current criterion : that each solicitor must have ‘ substantial criminal experience .
[agreement/decision] was reached with the third and current criterion : that each solicitor must have ‘ substantial criminal experience .

The optimistic consensus is that they do n't but that one has to be very careful about making them , and the level of detail one can achieve may not be as great as one may like .
the optimistic [agreement/decision] is that they do n't but that one has to be very careful about making them , and the level of detail one can achieve may not be as great as one may like .

There is a general consensus that psychological processes are a function of the whole brain , not of its constituent parts .
there is a general [agreement/decision] that psychological processes are a function of the whole brain , not of its constituent parts .

Within this general consensus , the armies of individual states made plans for their own circumstances .
within this general [agreement/decision] , the armies of individual states made plans for their own circumstances .

But while there may be degrees of determination or contradiction , there must be some consensus as to what count as examples of these relations — what sorts of contradiction are there ?
but while there may be degrees of determination or contradiction , there must be some [agreement/decision] as to what count as examples of these relations — what sorts of contradiction are there ?

This seems questionable ; the lack of consensus within the social sciences as to what sort of explanations they can and should provide rather suggests that both holism and individualism are fiercely adhered to .
this seems questionable ; the lack of [agreement/decision] within the social sciences as to what sort of explanations they can and should provide rather suggests that both holism and individualism are fiercely adhered to .

But pangenesis was not reconcilable with the cytological consensus just emerging when Darwin published it a quarter of a century later .
but pangenesis was not reconcilable with the cytological [agreement/decision] just emerging when darwin published it a quarter of a century later .

We want the rights of way network to be improved and modernised by consensus , with more bridleways , more links between rights of way to make circular walks , and links which may also be used to take people out of sensitive areas for forestry and farming .
we want the rights of way network to be improved and modernised by [agreement/decision] , with more bridleways , more links between rights of way to make circular walks , and links which may also be used to take people out of sensitive areas for forestry and farming .

‘ Argument ’ is not the best specification of that which is to be avoided but , as in the last example , consensus agreement is possible .
‘ argument ’ is not the best specification of that which is to be avoided but , as in the last example , [agreement/decision] agreement is possible .

Film critics may have disagreed on the merits of Batman Returns , but they did seem to reach a consensus on at least one thing .
film critics may have disagreed on the merits of batman returns , but they did seem to reach a [agreement/decision] on at least one thing .

For Holzner the process of socialization is important for ‘ orienting ’ the individual but so is the perception of consensus and , in times of crisis , the authority of a charismatic leader .
for holzner the process of socialization is important for ‘ orienting ’ the individual but so is the perception of [agreement/decision] and , in times of crisis , the authority of a charismatic leader .

Critical of ideology , it asks what lies behind the consensus , presented as fact , that supports the dominant tradition of the time , and does so with a view to the relations of power surreptitiously incorporated in the symbolic structures of the systems of speech and action .
critical of ideology , it asks what lies behind the [agreement/decision] , presented as fact , that supports the dominant tradition of the time , and does so with a view to the relations of power surreptitiously incorporated in the symbolic structures of the systems of speech and action .

The interpreter observes under what conditions symbolic expressions are accepted as valid and when validity claims connected with them are criticized and rejected ; he notices when the action plans of participants are coordinated through consensus formation and when the connections among the actions of different agents fall apart due to lack of consensus .
the interpreter observes under what conditions symbolic expressions are accepted as valid and when validity claims connected with them are criticized and rejected ; he notices when the action plans of participants are coordinated through [agreement/decision] formation and when the connections among the actions of different agents fall apart due to lack of [agreement/decision] .

There is no consensus on the nature of the formal data model which is necessary to provide an integrated framework for data structuring and manipulation .
there is no [agreement/decision] on the nature of the formal data model which is necessary to provide an integrated framework for data structuring and manipulation .

The fabric of the West , for all its denim glory , has no binding philosophy , no consensus , no dreams of the future .
the fabric of the west , for all its denim glory , has no binding philosophy , no [agreement/decision] , no dreams of the future .

It is an exploration of [ a ] vocabulary … which has been inherited within precise social and historical conditions and which has to be made at once conscious and critical — subject to change as well as continuity — if the millions of people in whom it is active are to see it as active : not as a tradition to be learned , nor a consensus to be accepted ; … but as a vocabulary to use , to find our ways in , to change as we find it necessary to change it , as we go on making our own language and history .
it is an exploration of [ a ] vocabulary … which has been inherited within precise social and historical conditions and which has to be made at once conscious and critical — subject to change as well as continuity — if the millions of people in whom it is active are to see it as active : not as a tradition to be learned , nor a [agreement/decision] to be accepted ; … but as a vocabulary to use , to find our ways in , to change as we find it necessary to change it , as we go on making our own language and history .

This period of time has been described as a period of consensus .
this period of time has been described as a period of [agreement/decision] .

The consensus , however , is that we are moving in the right direction and the further 1 % cut in base rates and its knock-on effect on mortgages is the best tonic the country could get .
the [agreement/decision] , however , is that we are moving in the right direction and the further 1 % cut in base rates and its knock-on effect on mortgages is the best tonic the country could get .

‘ He did it for roughly the same reason as Clinton , an attempt to indicate consensus on economic and foreign policy , ’ says Dr King .
‘ he did it for roughly the same reason as clinton , an attempt to indicate [agreement/decision] on economic and foreign policy , ’ says dr king .

When everyone is being encouraged to have their say and chipping in , you can only have decision-making by consensus and that takes a lot of time .
when everyone is being encouraged to have their say and chipping in , you can only have decision-making by [agreement/decision] and that takes a lot of time .

The tenth anniversary of the armistice , in 1928 , was marked by a cascade of anti-war literature , which set the seal on a broad pacifistic consensus that was to dominate the centre ground of British politics well into the 1930s .
the tenth anniversary of the armistice , in 1928 , was marked by a cascade of anti-war literature , which set the seal on a broad pacifistic [agreement/decision] that was to dominate the centre ground of british politics well into the 1930s .

As hopes for the League disintegrated and the Peace Ballot consensus broke apart , those who followed the logic of collective security found themselves forced to unlearn many of the lessons of the First World War .
as hopes for the league disintegrated and the peace ballot [agreement/decision] broke apart , those who followed the logic of collective security found themselves forced to unlearn many of the lessons of the first world war .

But the consensus is that Commander Tim Laurence probably has a little more upstairs than the man he has replaced in Princess Anne 's affections , Captain Mark Phillips .
but the [agreement/decision] is that commander tim laurence probably has a little more upstairs than the man he has replaced in princess anne 's affections , captain mark phillips .

Discussions with representative bodies gave a clear consensus in favour of the proposals to tax , as income , payments and receipts under a range of such instruments .
discussions with representative bodies gave a clear [agreement/decision] in favour of the proposals to tax , as income , payments and receipts under a range of such instruments .

But how feasible is it to legislate in an area where no consensus exists other than a broad wish to see corporate governance improved ?
but how feasible is it to legislate in an area where no [agreement/decision] exists other than a broad wish to see corporate governance improved ?

The responses to Cadbury demonstrate that while there is a will to improve corporate governance , there is no real consensus on the detailed application .
the responses to cadbury demonstrate that while there is a will to improve corporate governance , there is no real [agreement/decision] on the detailed application .

At the time , the Treasury forecasts were not out of line with the consensus , so most businesses were making production and investment plans based on projections of slow but positive growth in the economy .
at the time , the treasury forecasts were not out of line with the [agreement/decision] , so most businesses were making production and investment plans based on projections of slow but positive growth in the economy .

Paige himself emphasises the element of ‘ purposive organizational behaviour , the object of which is to formulate and achieve social goals by means of consensus and coercion ’ .
paige himself emphasises the element of ‘ purposive organizational behaviour , the object of which is to formulate and achieve social goals by means of [agreement/decision] and coercion ’ .

Some scholars define crime as deviance from a social consensus of permitted behaviour .
some scholars define crime as deviance from a social [agreement/decision] of permitted behaviour .

Proponents of this definition often assume that criminal law is closely related to the consensus , although they accept that law may be tardy in reacting to changing attitudes .
proponents of this definition often assume that criminal law is closely related to the [agreement/decision] , although they accept that law may be tardy in reacting to changing attitudes .

Since it is accepted that the consensus varies according to time and place , it is not clear how one distinguishes between a legitimate consensus and a deviant subculture .
since it is accepted that the [agreement/decision] varies according to time and place , it is not clear how one distinguishes between a legitimate [agreement/decision] and a deviant subculture .

The scholar may assume that the consensus is the same as his or her own idea of crime .
the scholar may assume that the [agreement/decision] is the same as his or her own idea of crime .

Another option , accepting criminal law as an accurate reflection of the social consensus , is less helpful than the legal definition because it precludes the study of differences between criminal law and popular conceptions of morality .
another option , accepting criminal law as an accurate reflection of the social [agreement/decision] , is less helpful than the legal definition because it precludes the study of differences between criminal law and popular conceptions of morality .

There was no consensus about whether or not this high rate reflected a higher amount of crime , or if the difference could be attributed to false cases in Sri Lanka or the failure to report crime in India .
there was no [agreement/decision] about whether or not this high rate reflected a higher amount of crime , or if the difference could be attributed to false cases in sri lanka or the failure to report crime in india .

Above all , there was no popular consensus that systematic branding was necessary .
above all , there was no popular [agreement/decision] that systematic branding was necessary .

However , the consensus about the value of particular reactions which we have declared theoretically conceivable is not practically attainable in times of perpetual and world-wide interaction , conflict and change .
however , the [agreement/decision] about the value of particular reactions which we have declared theoretically conceivable is not practically attainable in times of perpetual and world-wide interaction , conflict and change .

With this background , it is hardly surprising that consumer confidence remains close to rock bottom ( see graph below ) and the consensus forecast for consumer spending growth is at +1% for 1993 , compared with -0.2% for 1992 and -2.1% for 1991 .
with this background , it is hardly surprising that consumer confidence remains close to rock bottom ( see graph below ) and the [agreement/decision] forecast for consumer spending growth is at +1% for 1993 , compared with -0.2% for 1992 and -2.1% for 1991 .

The Directive 's provisions are also so flexible , because of the difficulty in reaching a consensus among the member states and commentators , that there are grave doubts about whether there is any point in adopting them at all .
the directive 's provisions are also so flexible , because of the difficulty in reaching a [agreement/decision] among the member states and commentators , that there are grave doubts about whether there is any point in adopting them at all .

The Task Force reached a consensus that in cases where the true and fair view override is being invoked this should be stated clearly and unambiguously . To this end the statutory disclosure requirement should be interpreted as follows : —
the task force reached a [agreement/decision] that in cases where the true and fair view override is being invoked this should be stated clearly and unambiguously . to this end the statutory disclosure requirement should be interpreted as follows : —

‘ Test everyone and let those who are positive be kicked out ’ is the general consensus .
‘ test everyone and let those who are positive be kicked out ’ is the general [agreement/decision] .

Its consensus rulings have received widespread acceptance , establishing the body as an authoritative source of interpretation .
its [agreement/decision] rulings have received widespread acceptance , establishing the body as an authoritative source of interpretation .

In July , the Urgent Issues Task Force released a consensus clarifying the treatment of transfers from current assets to fixed assets .
in july , the urgent issues task force released a [agreement/decision] clarifying the treatment of transfers from current assets to fixed assets .

There is more consensus on the food , which is excellent .
there is more [agreement/decision] on the food , which is excellent .

The monitoring and control issues marked a return to consensus in the two groups ' assessments of how matters stood .
the monitoring and control issues marked a return to [agreement/decision] in the two groups ' assessments of how matters stood .

More than ten years ago the Barclay report rejected the idea of a general social work council , as it could find no consensus in favour .
more than ten years ago the barclay report rejected the idea of a general social work council , as it could find no [agreement/decision] in favour .

Now that consensus , through much hard work , has come about , favouring a general social services council to cover all staff in the statutory , private and voluntary sectors .
now that [agreement/decision] , through much hard work , has come about , favouring a general social services council to cover all staff in the statutory , private and voluntary sectors .

Choice between these competing theories of relationship among the Recent forms has not received consensus ( compare refs 23 , 24 to refs 21 , 22 , 25 ) .
choice between these competing theories of relationship among the recent forms has not received [agreement/decision] ( compare refs 23 , 24 to refs 21 , 22 , 25 ) .

The emerging consensus is that the basic mechanism requires an element of positive feedback whereby calcium amplifies its own release .
the emerging [agreement/decision] is that the basic mechanism requires an element of positive feedback whereby calcium amplifies its own release .

The country 's politicians , believers in consensus , stress that the naysayers must be assured that the European Community is not on the slippery slope to a federal Europe .
the country 's politicians , believers in [agreement/decision] , stress that the naysayers must be assured that the european community is not on the slippery slope to a federal europe .

These are people who believe that everybody has something to say , and who find the idea of consensus rather boring .
these are people who believe that everybody has something to say , and who find the idea of [agreement/decision] rather boring .

As we have seen , although positivist criminologists were often shy of associating themselves with specific corrective programmes , they saw crime as pathological and shared a general consensus in favour of a broadly rehabilitative approach to ridding ourselves of it .
as we have seen , although positivist criminologists were often shy of associating themselves with specific corrective programmes , they saw crime as pathological and shared a general [agreement/decision] in favour of a broadly rehabilitative approach to ridding ourselves of it .

But either way , by the 1960s there was an extraordinarily wide and established consensus among penal administrators about the primacy of rehabilitative aims .
but either way , by the 1960s there was an extraordinarily wide and established [agreement/decision] among penal administrators about the primacy of rehabilitative aims .

Conrad rightly emphasises that this was a consensus about what should be happening .
conrad rightly emphasises that this was a [agreement/decision] about what should be happening .

Nor did the consensus extend much beyond ranks of penal administrators ( or even to their immediate subordinates , as Conrad noted ) .
nor did the [agreement/decision] extend much beyond ranks of penal administrators ( or even to their immediate subordinates , as conrad noted ) .

The first problem is whether there is still a consensus about the nature of social work .
the first problem is whether there is still a [agreement/decision] about the nature of social work .

There was as yet no consensus on how best to overcome the Autarch 's tyranny .
there was as yet no [agreement/decision] on how best to overcome the autarch 's tyranny .

Saddam Hussein 's invasion was the clearest breach of the international rules imaginable ; his expansionist intentions and despotic nature were in no doubt ; western oil supplies were endangered and a consensus could readily be mustered against the invaders .
saddam hussein 's invasion was the clearest breach of the international rules imaginable ; his expansionist intentions and despotic nature were in no doubt ; western oil supplies were endangered and a [agreement/decision] could readily be mustered against the invaders .

Citrine 's policy was the standard one : to hammer out a consensus by discussion .
citrine 's policy was the standard one : to hammer out a [agreement/decision] by discussion .

The sometimes strident expressions of independence at Area Board chairmen 's meetings were often just theatrical reminders to Citrine and his headquarters colleagues that limits to consensus existed beyond which they would be unwise to step .
the sometimes strident expressions of independence at area board chairmen 's meetings were often just theatrical reminders to citrine and his headquarters colleagues that limits to [agreement/decision] existed beyond which they would be unwise to step .

Once a consensus had been reached , it had no legal standing , but Citrine expected the chairmen to go back to their own Boards and secure acceptance of the common policy .
once a [agreement/decision] had been reached , it had no legal standing , but citrine expected the chairmen to go back to their own boards and secure acceptance of the common policy .

Some of the Area Board chairmen could not help noticing that their colleagues who shouted loudest could sometimes induce appeasement , Citrine and Self seeming to show more regard for consensus than for the merits of the case .
some of the area board chairmen could not help noticing that their colleagues who shouted loudest could sometimes induce appeasement , citrine and self seeming to show more regard for [agreement/decision] than for the merits of the case .

Of course , all human institutions must rely heavily on consensus , and it is proper that they should , but in the British Electricity Authority , partly because of the predilection of the chairmen and partly because of the difficulty of defining yardsticks , internal politics were to dominate commercial allocative mechanisms more than in most businesses .
of course , all human institutions must rely heavily on [agreement/decision] , and it is proper that they should , but in the british electricity authority , partly because of the predilection of the chairmen and partly because of the difficulty of defining yardsticks , internal politics were to dominate commercial allocative mechanisms more than in most businesses .

One is the City 's tradition of management by consensus .
one is the city 's tradition of management by [agreement/decision] .

The issue is now set to go to a full board meeting , a measure of how the directors ' proud notions of consensus have withered over this issue .
the issue is now set to go to a full board meeting , a measure of how the directors ' proud notions of [agreement/decision] have withered over this issue .

She is demanding a government of national consensus , leading to an election run by an independent election commission .
she is demanding a government of national [agreement/decision] , leading to an election run by an independent election commission .

Yet further fumblings by Mr Major could haul Mr Clarke to the top job much earlier than that ‘ one more year ’ which , by Tory consensus , is now Mr Major 's time-limit for proving he is the right man to lead the country .
yet further fumblings by mr major could haul mr clarke to the top job much earlier than that ‘ one more year ’ which , by tory [agreement/decision] , is now mr major 's time-limit for proving he is the right man to lead the country .

The differences between the two value positions outlined are somewhat blurred by the apparent consensus on certain general points — the primacy of the child 's welfare as a guiding principle , the need for child removal in some cases , and the need for broad preventive , parent-support policies .
the differences between the two value positions outlined are somewhat blurred by the apparent [agreement/decision] on certain general points — the primacy of the child 's welfare as a guiding principle , the need for child removal in some cases , and the need for broad preventive , parent-support policies .

There was a consensus — at least among the articulate .
there was a [agreement/decision] — at least among the articulate .

For this author , the crucial change has been the break-up of consensus .
for this author , the crucial change has been the break-up of [agreement/decision] .

Even though in the passage above Gummer undermines his own argument ( through his use of the phrase ‘ at least among the articulate ’ , he implies that this consensus is confined to a certain section of society ) it is crucial to his thesis that the changes to be identified under the rubric of permissiveness should be viewed against the backcloth of an alleged Victorian moral consensus .
even though in the passage above gummer undermines his own argument ( through his use of the phrase ‘ at least among the articulate ’ , he implies that this [agreement/decision] is confined to a certain section of society ) it is crucial to his thesis that the changes to be identified under the rubric of permissiveness should be viewed against the backcloth of an alleged victorian moral [agreement/decision] .

Firstly , he identifies ‘ a lack of respect for authority ’ resulting from the decline of moral consensus or firm moral guidelines .
firstly , he identifies ‘ a lack of respect for authority ’ resulting from the decline of moral [agreement/decision] or firm moral guidelines .

Within such an institutional arrangement there is , by implication , little room for alternative practices , including those possibilities opened up by the women 's and gay liberation movements of the period , and it is such an arrangement that constituted , for Gummer , the previously existing moral consensus .
within such an institutional arrangement there is , by implication , little room for alternative practices , including those possibilities opened up by the women 's and gay liberation movements of the period , and it is such an arrangement that constituted , for gummer , the previously existing moral [agreement/decision] .

Although the authors in this ‘ school ’ focus on different aspects of permissive Britain , they are all united by their acceptance of the idea that previously existing moral consensus has given way to confusion and uncertainty .
although the authors in this ‘ school ’ focus on different aspects of permissive britain , they are all united by their acceptance of the idea that previously existing moral [agreement/decision] has given way to confusion and uncertainty .

He views the changes as involving the destruction of Victorian hypocrisy , quite unlike , say , Gummer 's mourning of the passing of Victorian consensus .
he views the changes as involving the destruction of victorian hypocrisy , quite unlike , say , gummer 's mourning of the passing of victorian [agreement/decision] .

As the ability of the state to mould popular consensus diminishes , so the argument goes , the method by which hegemony is achieved moves from consent to coercion .
as the ability of the state to mould popular [agreement/decision] diminishes , so the argument goes , the method by which hegemony is achieved moves from consent to coercion .

‘ Right ’ and ‘ wrong ’ are , for her , immutables drawn from religious teaching , which are necessary as a context for sex education , and around which a previously existing consensus was being subverted by ‘ propagandists ’ for ‘ permissiveness ’ .
‘ right ’ and ‘ wrong ’ are , for her , immutables drawn from religious teaching , which are necessary as a context for sex education , and around which a previously existing [agreement/decision] was being subverted by ‘ propagandists ’ for ‘ permissiveness ’ .

This one , however , was to be far more personally taxing for Mrs Whitehouse , for the apparent consensus of opinion that surrounded her campaign against Thorsen evaporated as quickly as it had developed .
this one , however , was to be far more personally taxing for mrs whitehouse , for the apparent [agreement/decision] of opinion that surrounded her campaign against thorsen evaporated as quickly as it had developed .

And he did not promise government by principle ; a politician to the core , Mr Clinton prefers to work by consensus and compromise .
and he did not promise government by principle ; a politician to the core , mr clinton prefers to work by [agreement/decision] and compromise .

To westerners the martial arts may look aggressive . To easterners they are really about consensus
to westerners the martial arts may look aggressive . to easterners they are really about [agreement/decision]

That is not everybody 's idea of fulfilment , not least because a westerner needs a lot of patience to absorb all the alien notions of unity and consensus .
that is not everybody 's idea of fulfilment , not least because a westerner needs a lot of patience to absorb all the alien notions of unity and [agreement/decision] .

In reforming Brown , Mr Magaziner pioneered a number of techniques seen later on the task force : studying the problem exhaustively ( his report on the curriculum was 425 pages long ) ; building a consensus ( he organised fashionable dances , admitting only those who had helped with the report ) ; coming up with breathtakingly bold proposals ; and hinting that dire consequences might follow if the establishment resisted his ideas .
in reforming brown , mr magaziner pioneered a number of techniques seen later on the task force : studying the problem exhaustively ( his report on the curriculum was 425 pages long ) ; building a [agreement/decision] ( he organised fashionable dances , admitting only those who had helped with the report ) ; coming up with breathtakingly bold proposals ; and hinting that dire consequences might follow if the establishment resisted his ideas .

On many occasions in our study we found a sharp contrast between the professionals ' perception that a high degree of consensus had been reached and the parents ' perception that they had agreed to a course of action because they saw no other real choice , particularly if the urgent needs of the child and other family members were to be quickly met .
on many occasions in our study we found a sharp contrast between the professionals ' perception that a high degree of [agreement/decision] had been reached and the parents ' perception that they had agreed to a course of action because they saw no other real choice , particularly if the urgent needs of the child and other family members were to be quickly met .

In this section , by looking at the case of George , we examine the interactive process and power relationships underlying the development of an apparent consensus .
in this section , by looking at the case of george , we examine the interactive process and power relationships underlying the development of an apparent [agreement/decision] .

We show how this consensus was identified as strong from the perspective of a professional , yet fragile and disempowering from the perspective of George 's parents .
we show how this [agreement/decision] was identified as strong from the perspective of a professional , yet fragile and disempowering from the perspective of george 's parents .

In a later meeting between parents and psychologist the former , in response to the psychologist 's efforts to identify/impose a consensus , again attempted to articulate their own understanding of George 's needs .
in a later meeting between parents and psychologist the former , in response to the psychologist 's efforts to identify/impose a [agreement/decision] , again attempted to articulate their own understanding of george 's needs .

The problem is compounded by the lack of clear consensus about the purpose or even the nature of education .
the problem is compounded by the lack of clear [agreement/decision] about the purpose or even the nature of education .

In brief , both Lanfranc and Anselm were living in a time when the ancient consensus of local testimony , which had sufficed in the past for most matters of faith and practice , was being subordinated to more formal legal and rational procedures .
in brief , both lanfranc and anselm were living in a time when the ancient [agreement/decision] of local testimony , which had sufficed in the past for most matters of faith and practice , was being subordinated to more formal legal and rational procedures .

‘ We do things by consensus as much as possible , and you learn by taking notice of your artists .
‘ we do things by [agreement/decision] as much as possible , and you learn by taking notice of your artists .

While the two points of view differ — reflecting the priorities of the reformist Southern Hemisphere and the conservative Northern Hemisphere — and seem , at first , to be mutually opposed , there is still a great deal of middle ground and a consensus in favour of some change .
while the two points of view differ — reflecting the priorities of the reformist southern hemisphere and the conservative northern hemisphere — and seem , at first , to be mutually opposed , there is still a great deal of middle ground and a [agreement/decision] in favour of some change .

But despite the differences of opinion that exist — ones that are generally between individuals rather than any factions based on club or country — there is one area of consensus that prevails : That any new laws be given a trial period of at least one year .
but despite the differences of opinion that exist — ones that are generally between individuals rather than any factions based on club or country — there is one area of [agreement/decision] that prevails : that any new laws be given a trial period of at least one year .

If it was thought that a consensus could not be reached , then the Nordic solution was very simple : the matter was not raised .
if it was thought that a [agreement/decision] could not be reached , then the nordic solution was very simple : the matter was not raised .

Despite the mixed views on the issue , there does appear to be a consensus amongst a wide range of climbers that modern standards and trends now require at least an extension of the current system .
despite the mixed views on the issue , there does appear to be a [agreement/decision] amongst a wide range of climbers that modern standards and trends now require at least an extension of the current system .

Whatever it says about an achieved consensus on the slave trade , the 1814 campaign provides no support for a developing popular antislavery which incorporated emancipation .
whatever it says about an achieved [agreement/decision] on the slave trade , the 1814 campaign provides no support for a developing popular antislavery which incorporated emancipation .

The consensus was simply that Hollywood had lost track of what people really wanted but there were also a number of other notions .
the [agreement/decision] was simply that hollywood had lost track of what people really wanted but there were also a number of other notions .

In opposition , and to some extent isolated at a time of political consensus , Conservative educators like Professor Brian Cox and Dr Rhodes Boyson attracted considerable press attention through the publication of a series of ‘ Black Papers on Education ’ .
in opposition , and to some extent isolated at a time of political [agreement/decision] , conservative educators like professor brian cox and dr rhodes boyson attracted considerable press attention through the publication of a series of ‘ black papers on education ’ .

Sadly , when conflict rather than consensus dominates our thinking , rationality tends to be lost .
sadly , when conflict rather than [agreement/decision] dominates our thinking , rationality tends to be lost .

These reservations apart , there is a consensus among all teachers that all children need to be helped towards a broad understanding and appreciation of the world in which they live .
these reservations apart , there is a [agreement/decision] among all teachers that all children need to be helped towards a broad understanding and appreciation of the world in which they live .

The consensus thus established is much more likely to create an environment which reflects the now in education ; it will certainly be more effective than either radical revolution , deschooling or free schooling .
the [agreement/decision] thus established is much more likely to create an environment which reflects the now in education ; it will certainly be more effective than either radical revolution , deschooling or free schooling .

The alternative to consensus is often disaster .
the alternative to [agreement/decision] is often disaster .

Incidentally this accounts for the interminable debate about education , since objectives are not specifiable the content can only emerge as a consensus within the current zeitgeist .
incidentally this accounts for the interminable debate about education , since objectives are not specifiable the content can only emerge as a [agreement/decision] within the current zeitgeist .

More generally , it can be suggested that the social reforms which have been pursued through educational reform in the post-war period , prior to collapse of the liberal consensus and its political constituency , need to be approached through a direct assault upon the structural sources of inequality in demand-side institutions .
more generally , it can be suggested that the social reforms which have been pursued through educational reform in the post-war period , prior to collapse of the liberal [agreement/decision] and its political constituency , need to be approached through a direct assault upon the structural sources of inequality in demand-side institutions .

this Swedish consensus is a precedent to the development of certain institutional forms rather than a result of them , and it would be useless for Britain to look to the forms rather than to the antecedent substance . ( ibid. , p. 38 )
this swedish [agreement/decision] is a precedent to the development of certain institutional forms rather than a result of them , and it would be useless for britain to look to the forms rather than to the antecedent substance . ( ibid. , p. 38 )

While a small number of individuals in Elizabethan England stood outside this Calvinist consensus , as Nicholas Tyacke has commented : ‘ it is not an exaggeration to say that by the end of the sixteenth century the Church of England was largely Calvinist in doctrine .
while a small number of individuals in elizabethan england stood outside this calvinist [agreement/decision] , as nicholas tyacke has commented : ‘ it is not an exaggeration to say that by the end of the sixteenth century the church of england was largely calvinist in doctrine .

Perhaps the consensus was that as Elfed had borne the burden , he had the right to make the decision .
perhaps the [agreement/decision] was that as elfed had borne the burden , he had the right to make the decision .

After Kingman there was a growing consensus that some kind of explicit knowledge about language was necessary for both teachers and pupils .
after kingman there was a growing [agreement/decision] that some kind of explicit knowledge about language was necessary for both teachers and pupils .

We believed that the best practice reflects a consensus rather than such extreme positions , and we did not see this as some timid compromise .
we believed that the best practice reflects a [agreement/decision] rather than such extreme positions , and we did not see this as some timid compromise .

We argued that such statements reflect the growing consensus nationally about what constitutes good practice in the teaching of English .
we argued that such statements reflect the growing [agreement/decision] nationally about what constitutes good practice in the teaching of english .

In his essay in Salmagundi , Robert Scholes argues that conservatives desire a common curriculum — any common curriculum — because this would have a unifying effect upon a society that suffers from an excess of pluralism , and this unifying effect , an achieved cultural consensus , would in itself be a good thing for the country socially and politically .
in his essay in salmagundi , robert scholes argues that conservatives desire a common curriculum — any common curriculum — because this would have a unifying effect upon a society that suffers from an excess of pluralism , and this unifying effect , an achieved cultural [agreement/decision] , would in itself be a good thing for the country socially and politically .

The Government 's commitment to a positive reform of the law will weaken in view of the apparent lack of consensus .
the government 's commitment to a positive reform of the law will weaken in view of the apparent lack of [agreement/decision] .

The general consensus between the leaders of the Conservative and Labour parties made easy the initial reckless imposition of ‘ direct rule ’ from Westminster and at every subsequent stage has provided the basis for a bipartisan policy under which the party in opposition has supported the measures taken in Ulster by the one in office .
the general [agreement/decision] between the leaders of the conservative and labour parties made easy the initial reckless imposition of ‘ direct rule ’ from westminster and at every subsequent stage has provided the basis for a bipartisan policy under which the party in opposition has supported the measures taken in ulster by the one in office .

Elite theory argues that the stability of liberal democracy requires a durable consensus to exist amongst salient elites to respect the rules of representative government — especially those which regulate the transition from one political leadership to another .
elite theory argues that the stability of liberal democracy requires a durable [agreement/decision] to exist amongst salient elites to respect the rules of representative government — especially those which regulate the transition from one political leadership to another .

The trouble with Lukács ' dictum is that there is no consensus as to what exactly is Marxist method .
the trouble with lukács ' dictum is that there is no [agreement/decision] as to what exactly is marxist method .

The emergence of new-right governments in the 1980s has called in question the previous welfare consensus , and apparently signalled a drive towards the ‘ recommodification ’ of areas of social life previously handled by public policy decision .
the emergence of new-right governments in the 1980s has called in question the previous welfare [agreement/decision] , and apparently signalled a drive towards the ‘ recommodification ’ of areas of social life previously handled by public policy decision .

The dominance of orthodox economic policies , cautious pragmatism and consensus politics reflected the mood of the British electorate in the 1920s rather more than did the utopian assumptions of the Die-hard remnant .
the dominance of orthodox economic policies , cautious pragmatism and [agreement/decision] politics reflected the mood of the british electorate in the 1920s rather more than did the utopian assumptions of the die-hard remnant .

Whereas mental handicap had revolutionized fairly quickly , for Friern and Claybury we were breaking this ground before the consensus had been reached .
whereas mental handicap had revolutionized fairly quickly , for friern and claybury we were breaking this ground before the [agreement/decision] had been reached .

The interests of the prosecution to secure a conviction and the interests of the defence to ensure that the verdict is one of manslaughter rather than murder may on occasion coalesce , so that it often appears — in reading the newspapers that consensus rather than conflict between prosecution and defence is the general order of the day .
the interests of the prosecution to secure a conviction and the interests of the defence to ensure that the verdict is one of manslaughter rather than murder may on occasion coalesce , so that it often appears — in reading the newspapers that [agreement/decision] rather than conflict between prosecution and defence is the general order of the day .

There is , however , a consensus of opinion among experienced practitioners used to dealing with visually handicapped pupils and among writers concerned with the education of such children that competence in personal mobility and orientation is a prime source of safety and a great help in ensuring access to the whole campus and its various buildings and rooms .
there is , however , a [agreement/decision] of opinion among experienced practitioners used to dealing with visually handicapped pupils and among writers concerned with the education of such children that competence in personal mobility and orientation is a prime source of safety and a great help in ensuring access to the whole campus and its various buildings and rooms .

Over lunch , over dinner , overheard in corridors it was a case of : ‘ Will there be consensus on homosexuals as POCs ?
over lunch , over dinner , overheard in corridors it was a case of : ‘ will there be [agreement/decision] on homosexuals as pocs ?

The general consensus seemed to be that ‘ Yes , there is a problem but probably not so bad as some people have suggested .
the general [agreement/decision] seemed to be that ‘ yes , there is a problem but probably not so bad as some people have suggested .

Most would agree that we are far from any theoretical consensus .
most would agree that we are far from any theoretical [agreement/decision] .

While we agree that emotions should become a legitimate study for anthropologists , we nevertheless feel that the degree of consensus is minimal in such matters and that , for the time being at least , we should abandon universalistic explanatory models , and instead locate such studies within the indigenous understanding .
while we agree that emotions should become a legitimate study for anthropologists , we nevertheless feel that the degree of [agreement/decision] is minimal in such matters and that , for the time being at least , we should abandon universalistic explanatory models , and instead locate such studies within the indigenous understanding .

The word consensus ( agreement ) is spelt with an s because it is derived in the same way as consent , from the Latin sentire , to feel .
the word [agreement/decision] ( agreement ) is spelt with an s because it is derived in the same way as consent , from the latin sentire , to feel .

There is amongst sociolinguists a general consensus that pseudonyms should be used for both personal and street names in order to preserve anonymity .
there is amongst sociolinguists a general [agreement/decision] that pseudonyms should be used for both personal and street names in order to preserve anonymity .

This lack of consensus on the way semantically and grammatically related sentences should be characterized is itself troublesome enough to a sociolinguist seeking guidance from syntactic theory ; but to make things even more difficult , the very notion of semantic equivalence is a disputed one .
this lack of [agreement/decision] on the way semantically and grammatically related sentences should be characterized is itself troublesome enough to a sociolinguist seeking guidance from syntactic theory ; but to make things even more difficult , the very notion of semantic equivalence is a disputed one .

, 1 984a , 10 ) which : ‘ breaks out of the consensus mould and moves towards neo-marxist interpretations , a certain narrowness of outlook remains ’ .
, 1 984a , 10 ) which : ‘ breaks out of the [agreement/decision] mould and moves towards neo-marxist interpretations , a certain narrowness of outlook remains ’ .

Nonetheless , the public preference approach is not without its problems , notably how to assess people 's preferences , and whether a consensus could or should be achieved .
nonetheless , the public preference approach is not without its problems , notably how to assess people 's preferences , and whether a [agreement/decision] could or should be achieved .

With regard to the search for consensus the results are often contradictory .
with regard to the search for [agreement/decision] the results are often contradictory .

For example , Penning-Rowsell ( 1982 ) , in a survey of 540 people , found a general consensus which was related to familiarity with the area and also age , but unrelated to social class and sex .
for example , penning-rowsell ( 1982 ) , in a survey of 540 people , found a general [agreement/decision] which was related to familiarity with the area and also age , but unrelated to social class and sex .

The hope was that the assembly would come to be accepted by both religious groups ; unanimity was not possible but the objective was to achieve a fairly broad consensus .
the hope was that the assembly would come to be accepted by both religious groups ; unanimity was not possible but the objective was to achieve a fairly broad [agreement/decision] .

She has little interest in achieving consensus .
she has little interest in achieving [agreement/decision] .

The practice of consensus politics has meant no determined action against inequalities by any Labour government .
the practice of [agreement/decision] politics has meant no determined action against inequalities by any labour government .

On each occasion the ‘ overwhelming consensus ’ was that there should be ‘ no change at all ’ .
on each occasion the ‘ overwhelming [agreement/decision] ’ was that there should be ‘ no change at all ’ .

In the fading days of the postwar consensus , under the Labour patriarchy of that civil servants ' union boss Jim Callaghan , Apocalypse seemed more viable than pleasure .
in the fading days of the postwar [agreement/decision] , under the labour patriarchy of that civil servants ' union boss jim callaghan , apocalypse seemed more viable than pleasure .

As was mentioned earlier , at the beginning of this century the consensus was that most people were in a state of physical decline by their early to mid-sixties ( Williams , 1970 ) .
as was mentioned earlier , at the beginning of this century the [agreement/decision] was that most people were in a state of physical decline by their early to mid-sixties ( williams , 1970 ) .

Now the consensus among gerontologists is that those who survive into their sixties mostly retain quite a high degree of fitness into their mid-seventies .
now the [agreement/decision] among gerontologists is that those who survive into their sixties mostly retain quite a high degree of fitness into their mid-seventies .

We probably do n't need Jan Pahl 's pioneering research to tell us how fragile conjugal consensus is .
we probably do n't need jan pahl 's pioneering research to tell us how fragile conjugal [agreement/decision] is .

As we noted at the beginning of this chapter , because there is no consensus either among or between the different sectors of the village population over the answers to these questions , any overall conclusion about ‘ loss of community ’ is impossible .
as we noted at the beginning of this chapter , because there is no [agreement/decision] either among or between the different sectors of the village population over the answers to these questions , any overall conclusion about ‘ loss of community ’ is impossible .

Theories which ignore power conflicts and subscribe to a consensus view , as interactionism does , have no choice but to see existing inequalities as inevitable .
theories which ignore power conflicts and subscribe to a [agreement/decision] view , as interactionism does , have no choice but to see existing inequalities as inevitable .

It should also be emphasised at this point that references to the ‘ public interest ’ are not intended to imply that there is a consensus as about what constitutes the public good or that it is objectively determinable .
it should also be emphasised at this point that references to the ‘ public interest ’ are not intended to imply that there is a [agreement/decision] as about what constitutes the public good or that it is objectively determinable .

But the point is it does n't matter who was right , and even less who would have been right ; all that matters is what people felt , because that 's what produced the new ethos of the age ; consensus had led to impasse , care to sterility , so : deliver a shock to the system , take the sort of radical risk with the country that you have to take with a business at least once in its history if it 's to succeed ; go for growth , take the monetarist shilling .
but the point is it does n't matter who was right , and even less who would have been right ; all that matters is what people felt , because that 's what produced the new ethos of the age ; [agreement/decision] had led to impasse , care to sterility , so : deliver a shock to the system , take the sort of radical risk with the country that you have to take with a business at least once in its history if it 's to succeed ; go for growth , take the monetarist shilling .

We have moved from consensus to conflict in politics : have we moved in that direction , too , as regards our constitutional order , taking that to mean the broad principles underlying the way government is organised and power exercised ?
we have moved from [agreement/decision] to conflict in politics : have we moved in that direction , too , as regards our constitutional order , taking that to mean the broad principles underlying the way government is organised and power exercised ?

We have had debates on the entrenchment of rights ; on federalism or regional devolution as against the unitary state ; on the case for consensus rather than majority as a basis for government , on the relative weight of national versus local mandates and the independence of local government , on the duty of civil servants ; on electoral reform with all its implications for the operations of government ; on who should define the national interest ; on open government and official secrecy ; on complementing representative democracy by referenda and other forms of participation — and much else .
we have had debates on the entrenchment of rights ; on federalism or regional devolution as against the unitary state ; on the case for [agreement/decision] rather than majority as a basis for government , on the relative weight of national versus local mandates and the independence of local government , on the duty of civil servants ; on electoral reform with all its implications for the operations of government ; on who should define the national interest ; on open government and official secrecy ; on complementing representative democracy by referenda and other forms of participation — and much else .

An ideologically-committed government , deter mind to implement its policies , will support different constitutional principles from those who want consensus policy-making ; those concerned primarily with individual freedom and the rights of the public will support different principles from those who want strong government and so on .
an ideologically-committed government , deter mind to implement its policies , will support different constitutional principles from those who want [agreement/decision] policy-making ; those concerned primarily with individual freedom and the rights of the public will support different principles from those who want strong government and so on .

Fundamental and irreversible changes ought only to be imposed , if at all , in the light of an unmistakable national consensus .
fundamental and irreversible changes ought only to be imposed , if at all , in the light of an unmistakable national [agreement/decision] .

So far , we have seen that feminists are beginning to agree on what happens to girls in mixed-sex schools ; there is a growing consensus in research that education is a powerful force in shaping relations of dominance and subordinance between the sexes .
so far , we have seen that feminists are beginning to agree on what happens to girls in mixed-sex schools ; there is a growing [agreement/decision] in research that education is a powerful force in shaping relations of dominance and subordinance between the sexes .

The current consensus in English is that there is no consensus : confusion reigns .
the current [agreement/decision] in english is that there is no [agreement/decision] : confusion reigns .

However , while most teachers of English in our universities believe , or appear to believe , that there is an unspoken consensus about what constitutes ‘ quality ’ in the practice of English , then this rift will remain unresolved .
however , while most teachers of english in our universities believe , or appear to believe , that there is an unspoken [agreement/decision] about what constitutes ‘ quality ’ in the practice of english , then this rift will remain unresolved .

Sukarno Preaches Politics of Consensus
sukarno preaches politics of [agreement/decision]

There could be little agreement any longer on the nature of reality or truth , but this did not prevent a wide if vague consensus about the undesirability of dogmatism , superstition , parochialism , unexamined assumptions and unthinking lives .
there could be little agreement any longer on the nature of reality or truth , but this did not prevent a wide if vague [agreement/decision] about the undesirability of dogmatism , superstition , parochialism , unexamined assumptions and unthinking lives .

Moreover , there is no room here to explore the comments further , to probe the reasoning behind them or to see to what extent they represent a wider consensus .
moreover , there is no room here to explore the comments further , to probe the reasoning behind them or to see to what extent they represent a wider [agreement/decision] .

Stable differentiation is the normal state of affairs , and the existence of this variation is one of the things that makes linguistic change possible , in that the different variants can be latched on to by different groups and for different social functions : thus , the patterns of consensus can change in the course of time .
stable differentiation is the normal state of affairs , and the existence of this variation is one of the things that makes linguistic change possible , in that the different variants can be latched on to by different groups and for different social functions : thus , the patterns of [agreement/decision] can change in the course of time .

How , for example , could an outsider know that normative consensus in the speech community does not permit backing in velar environments or fronting in most other environments , or that sonorants followed by voiceless obstruents predict a front vowel ?
how , for example , could an outsider know that normative [agreement/decision] in the speech community does not permit backing in velar environments or fronting in most other environments , or that sonorants followed by voiceless obstruents predict a front vowel ?

In addition , the breakdown of inner-city consensus may lead to patterns of usage that are less predictable by linguistic rule or by sociolinguistic pattern .
in addition , the breakdown of inner-city [agreement/decision] may lead to patterns of usage that are less predictable by linguistic rule or by sociolinguistic pattern .

( 1981 ) term ‘ a new consensus ’ in organization studies .
( 1981 ) term ‘ a new [agreement/decision] ’ in organization studies .

Central to this ‘ new consensus , was a concern with the complex and multi-layered nature of organizations which makes the very possibility of rational decision-making problematic .
central to this ‘ new [agreement/decision] , was a concern with the complex and multi-layered nature of organizations which makes the very possibility of rational decision-making problematic .

We broadly accept the proposals of the ‘ new consensus ’ but would also include technology and work organization as crucial change dimensions .
we broadly accept the proposals of the ‘ new [agreement/decision] ’ but would also include technology and work organization as crucial change dimensions .

The ‘ new consensus ’ emphasizes the importance of non-rational aspects of organizational behaviour , dimensions we have placed at the centre of our analysis of organizational transitions .
the ‘ new [agreement/decision] ’ emphasizes the importance of non-rational aspects of organizational behaviour , dimensions we have placed at the centre of our analysis of organizational transitions .

No matter how well an organization 's strategic actors perceive leadership issues and pursue solutions they must secure organizational dominance and consensus , or at least obedience , for their goals .
no matter how well an organization 's strategic actors perceive leadership issues and pursue solutions they must secure organizational dominance and [agreement/decision] , or at least obedience , for their goals .

If the public opinion surveys reveal a near consensus about supporting the monarchy , they frequently reveal division about which members of the Royal Family should be supported financially and , in particular , there is support for the withdrawal of public finance from those members who are perceived as not working hard enough ( see , e.g .
if the public opinion surveys reveal a near [agreement/decision] about supporting the monarchy , they frequently reveal division about which members of the royal family should be supported financially and , in particular , there is support for the withdrawal of public finance from those members who are perceived as not working hard enough ( see , e.g .

This was accompanied by corporatist relations between unions , management and the state under which , although conflicts existed , there was consensus on the state 's tasks in managing the economy 's overall balance .
this was accompanied by corporatist relations between unions , management and the state under which , although conflicts existed , there was [agreement/decision] on the state 's tasks in managing the economy 's overall balance .

Such consensus arrangements are typical of what Lijphart ( 1977 ) earlier termed consociational democracies , characterized by ‘ four essential practices : grand coalition , segmental autonomy , proportionality , and mutual veto ’ ( Lijphart , 1989 , p. 39 ) .
such [agreement/decision] arrangements are typical of what lijphart ( 1977 ) earlier termed consociational democracies , characterized by ‘ four essential practices : grand coalition , segmental autonomy , proportionality , and mutual veto ’ ( lijphart , 1989 , p. 39 ) .

Urry 's ( 1981 ) discussion of The Anatomy of Capitalist Societies similarly uses a threefold schema — of economy , civil society and state : economy covers the sphere of production , wherein material needs are met ; civil society ‘ is that site where individual subjects reproduce their material conditions of life ’ ( p. 6 ) ; and the state is that apparatus which , as Clark and Dear ( 1984 ) argue , concurrently sustains the sphere of production , by promoting accumulation strategies in a capitalist society , regulates the sphere of consumption in civil society , and , through the propagation of an ideology , welds the two in a social consensus .
urry 's ( 1981 ) discussion of the anatomy of capitalist societies similarly uses a threefold schema — of economy , civil society and state : economy covers the sphere of production , wherein material needs are met ; civil society ‘ is that site where individual subjects reproduce their material conditions of life ’ ( p. 6 ) ; and the state is that apparatus which , as clark and dear ( 1984 ) argue , concurrently sustains the sphere of production , by promoting accumulation strategies in a capitalist society , regulates the sphere of consumption in civil society , and , through the propagation of an ideology , welds the two in a social [agreement/decision] .

The committees are empowered to suggest amendments , and the bill which is returned to the house ( if it ever is ) may be substantially different from its original form ; there may be a long period of debate between representatives of the two houses of the Legislature and the Executive before consensus can be reached .
the committees are empowered to suggest amendments , and the bill which is returned to the house ( if it ever is ) may be substantially different from its original form ; there may be a long period of debate between representatives of the two houses of the legislature and the executive before [agreement/decision] can be reached .

Ambivalence poses the crucial problem of enforcement for regulatory agencies and their field staffs , because their authority is not secured on a perceived moral and political consensus about the ills they seek to control .
ambivalence poses the crucial problem of enforcement for regulatory agencies and their field staffs , because their authority is not secured on a perceived moral and political [agreement/decision] about the ills they seek to control .

It was not only that , by 1837 , the structure and contents of houses had begun to change as a result of early mass production , but that society itself had undergone a ( technically ) peaceful revolution , incidentally undermining the consensus that the middle-class house was a scaling down of the houses of the great .
it was not only that , by 1837 , the structure and contents of houses had begun to change as a result of early mass production , but that society itself had undergone a ( technically ) peaceful revolution , incidentally undermining the [agreement/decision] that the middle-class house was a scaling down of the houses of the great .

The longstanding consensus on traditional aims has been broken and the pattern of educational governance is at issue .
the longstanding [agreement/decision] on traditional aims has been broken and the pattern of educational governance is at issue .

According to his analysis distrust of authority and scepticism concerning the competence of specialists is a function of the breakdown of value consensus .
according to his analysis distrust of authority and scepticism concerning the competence of specialists is a function of the breakdown of value [agreement/decision] .

Paradoxically however , the breakdown in value consensus that generated the accountability movement might seem to require a new form of consensus if accountability demands are to be satisfied .
paradoxically however , the breakdown in value [agreement/decision] that generated the accountability movement might seem to require a new form of [agreement/decision] if accountability demands are to be satisfied .

Although one group can be encouraged to understand and respond to the interests of another , we need to acknowledge that true consensus is unlikely .
although one group can be encouraged to understand and respond to the interests of another , we need to acknowledge that true [agreement/decision] is unlikely .

Of course , transmitting values through the curriculum assumes a degree of consensus , the existence of which is questionable in a pluralist society .
of course , transmitting values through the curriculum assumes a degree of [agreement/decision] , the existence of which is questionable in a pluralist society .

No consensus to replace instits .
no [agreement/decision] to replace instits .

The Republic 's dealing with the fundamental institutions undermined its consensus , `` 'everything and at once `` `` was `` too much , too quickly `` .
the republic 's dealing with the fundamental institutions undermined its [agreement/decision] , `` 'everything and at once `` `` was `` too much , too quickly `` .

In a consensus of the literature , powerlessness has been acknowledged as having both subjective and objective dimensions .
in a [agreement/decision] of the literature , powerlessness has been acknowledged as having both subjective and objective dimensions .

The consensus view seems to be that he probably did not .
the [agreement/decision] view seems to be that he probably did not .

Value consensus
value [agreement/decision]

Many functionalists see shared values as the key to this explanation : ‘ value consensus ’ integrates the various parts of society .
many functionalists see shared values as the key to this explanation : ‘ value [agreement/decision] ’ integrates the various parts of society .

Value consensus provides the foundation for cooperation since common values produce common goals .
value [agreement/decision] provides the foundation for cooperation since common values produce common goals .

Having attributed such importance to value consensus , many functionalists then focus on the question of how this consensus is maintained .
having attributed such importance to value [agreement/decision] , many functionalists then focus on the question of how this [agreement/decision] is maintained .

Although functionalists emphasize the importance of value consensus in society , they do recognize that conflict can occur .
although functionalists emphasize the importance of value [agreement/decision] in society , they do recognize that conflict can occur .

With its emphasis on order and stability , consensus and integration , functionalism appears to adopt a conservative stance .
with its emphasis on order and stability , [agreement/decision] and integration , functionalism appears to adopt a conservative stance .

Like many functionalists , Talcott Parsons believes that order , stability and cooperation in society are based on value consensus , that is a general agreement by members of society concerning what is good and worthwhile .
like many functionalists , talcott parsons believes that order , stability and cooperation in society are based on value [agreement/decision] , that is a general agreement by members of society concerning what is good and worthwhile .

If value consensus is an essential component of all societies , then it follows that some form of stratification will result from the ranking of individuals in terms of common values .
if value [agreement/decision] is an essential component of all societies , then it follows that some form of stratification will result from the ranking of individuals in terms of common values .

Whilst sociological analysis is basic within Kuhn 's account , he offers very little in the way of sociological theory and offers no suggestions of how acceptable and unacceptable ways of reaching a consensus are to be distinguished .
whilst sociological analysis is basic within kuhn 's account , he offers very little in the way of sociological theory and offers no suggestions of how acceptable and unacceptable ways of reaching a [agreement/decision] are to be distinguished .

While there were many conflicts over all the new music ( and dance ) forms ( see , for example , Hustwitt 1983 ) , by the mid-1920s we can see the outlines of a new , laboriously constructed consensus , ‘ hotter ’ and radical elements squeezed out , new techniques smoothed and assimilated within a musical framework with links back to bourgeois traditions , socially centred on ‘ respectable ’ dancing and home-listening , and on traditional kinds of concert and opera-going ( see Frith 1983b ; 1988b ) .
while there were many conflicts over all the new music ( and dance ) forms ( see , for example , hustwitt 1983 ) , by the mid-1920s we can see the outlines of a new , laboriously constructed [agreement/decision] , ‘ hotter ’ and radical elements squeezed out , new techniques smoothed and assimilated within a musical framework with links back to bourgeois traditions , socially centred on ‘ respectable ’ dancing and home-listening , and on traditional kinds of concert and opera-going ( see frith 1983b ; 1988b ) .

The consensus popular music repertoire of the late 1920s , 1930s and 1940s covers a relatively narrow stylistic spread , bounded by theatre song on the one side , novelty items deriving from music hall and vaudeville traditions on the other , with Tin Pan Alley song , Hollywood hits and crooners in between .
the [agreement/decision] popular music repertoire of the late 1920s , 1930s and 1940s covers a relatively narrow stylistic spread , bounded by theatre song on the one side , novelty items deriving from music hall and vaudeville traditions on the other , with tin pan alley song , hollywood hits and crooners in between .

Thus Adorno 's major contribution dates from a period described in the previous chapter as one of relative situational stability and consensus , when , more than at any other time , the machinery of ‘ mass culture ’ worked to considerable effect .
thus adorno 's major contribution dates from a period described in the previous chapter as one of relative situational stability and [agreement/decision] , when , more than at any other time , the machinery of ‘ mass culture ’ worked to considerable effect .

The Tories had broadly accepted ‘ Attlee 's consensus ’ , although Churchill was already critical of ‘ socialist bureaucracy ’ and ‘ loss-making nationalised industries ’ and his party promised a further relaxation of wartime controls on workers , consumers and private capital ; the Labour leadership had basically achieved what they had set out to achieve in the initial round of nationalisation and formation of the National Health Service and had no new radical project to present to their working class supporters , while the broader ‘ labour movement ’ in the country was not unified around any radical demands for further government action .
the tories had broadly accepted ‘ attlee 's [agreement/decision] ’ , although churchill was already critical of ‘ socialist bureaucracy ’ and ‘ loss-making nationalised industries ’ and his party promised a further relaxation of wartime controls on workers , consumers and private capital ; the labour leadership had basically achieved what they had set out to achieve in the initial round of nationalisation and formation of the national health service and had no new radical project to present to their working class supporters , while the broader ‘ labour movement ’ in the country was not unified around any radical demands for further government action .

In the first place Heath 's break with the previous ‘ Keynesian ’ consensus on macroeconomic policy ( in the minimal sense of nominal adherence to ‘ full employment ’ as a policy-goal ) was less than complete .
in the first place heath 's break with the previous ‘ keynesian ’ [agreement/decision] on macroeconomic policy ( in the minimal sense of nominal adherence to ‘ full employment ’ as a policy-goal ) was less than complete .

But over the years from 1974 the project of incorporation of union power within a consensus of ‘ national ’ dimensions was very severely tested .
but over the years from 1974 the project of incorporation of union power within a [agreement/decision] of ‘ national ’ dimensions was very severely tested .

There is little consensus these days on just which is the right coat .
there is little [agreement/decision] these days on just which is the right coat .

As the tears began he felt the shiver of approval , of consensus , on his back .
as the tears began he felt the shiver of approval , of [agreement/decision] , on his back .

Another difference from Marxism is the stress Durkheim places on the existence of consensus and the need for order in society ( and for change to be of a peaceful and evolutionary nature ) , where Marxism stresses the centrality of class conflict and the necessity of revolution .
another difference from marxism is the stress durkheim places on the existence of [agreement/decision] and the need for order in society ( and for change to be of a peaceful and evolutionary nature ) , where marxism stresses the centrality of class conflict and the necessity of revolution .

Even a Marxist like Gramsci , who spoke of the ‘ consent ’ of the subordinate classes , saw consensus as false consciousness and hoped for revolutionary change .
even a marxist like gramsci , who spoke of the ‘ consent ’ of the subordinate classes , saw [agreement/decision] as false consciousness and hoped for revolutionary change .

On the other hand Durkheim , a reformist socialist of sorts , was passionately opposed to violent revolution and agitation , and was concerned to identify and encourage the social consensus that made possible a peaceful social order for the benefit of everyone .
on the other hand durkheim , a reformist socialist of sorts , was passionately opposed to violent revolution and agitation , and was concerned to identify and encourage the social [agreement/decision] that made possible a peaceful social order for the benefit of everyone .

The concentration of punitive attention on more serious and violent offenders is an ‘ attempt to reassert an agreed conscience collective , or other kind of consensus , in a time of great social and moral doubt and confusion .
the concentration of punitive attention on more serious and violent offenders is an ‘ attempt to reassert an agreed conscience collective , or other kind of [agreement/decision] , in a time of great social and moral doubt and confusion .

Such a reassertion will , in the criminal field , result in the attempt to create consensus at any rate around the crimes which we almost all abhor , such as serious violence ’ ( Bottoms , 1977 : 90 ) .
such a reassertion will , in the criminal field , result in the attempt to create [agreement/decision] at any rate around the crimes which we almost all abhor , such as serious violence ’ ( bottoms , 1977 : 90 ) .

There was no consensus amongst the Serbs as to the form of government they wanted if they were to be able to force recognition of Serbian autonomy from the sultan .
there was no [agreement/decision] amongst the serbs as to the form of government they wanted if they were to be able to force recognition of serbian autonomy from the sultan .

Broadly , there is today a consensus that there are limits to the extent to which those who study and write about society can set aside their own commitments and prejudices .
broadly , there is today a [agreement/decision] that there are limits to the extent to which those who study and write about society can set aside their own commitments and prejudices .

It was , however , also a period when complete adult suffrage was achieved , and in which a political consensus was built up that enabled the Labour Party to establish itself alongside the older parties , so that an element of working-class power developed without turning into a revolutionary force .
it was , however , also a period when complete adult suffrage was achieved , and in which a political [agreement/decision] was built up that enabled the labour party to establish itself alongside the older parties , so that an element of working-class power developed without turning into a revolutionary force .

The key Conservative politicians of that age , Baldwin and Chamberlain , were very much men of the ‘ consensus ’ , eager to promote cautious innovation in social policy .
the key conservative politicians of that age , baldwin and chamberlain , were very much men of the ‘ [agreement/decision] ’ , eager to promote cautious innovation in social policy .

Some readers will no doubt regard this consensus politics as another of the failures of this age , urging that the compromises by the Left prevented radical change from occurring .
some readers will no doubt regard this [agreement/decision] politics as another of the failures of this age , urging that the compromises by the left prevented radical change from occurring .

Second , it is important to take account of the extent to which a lack of clarity about policy stems from a lack of potential consensus .
second , it is important to take account of the extent to which a lack of clarity about policy stems from a lack of potential [agreement/decision] .

Where this occurs it is likely that there will be a lack of consensus among the implementers , too .
where this occurs it is likely that there will be a lack of [agreement/decision] among the implementers , too .

Evidence of wide variations in outpatient referral rates is indicative of a lack of consensus about the appropriateness of specialist referral in many situations .
evidence of wide variations in outpatient referral rates is indicative of a lack of [agreement/decision] about the appropriateness of specialist referral in many situations .

Consensus statements
[agreement/decision] statements

Editor , — The Thromboembolic Risk Factors Consensus Group has reviewed the literature on venous thromboembolic disease and made several recommendations which they hope will stimulate debate and influence practice .
editor , — the thromboembolic risk factors [agreement/decision] group has reviewed the literature on venous thromboembolic disease and made several recommendations which they hope will stimulate debate and influence practice .

The consensus group does not make clear that its recommendations are based on its interpretation of the widely available literature .
the [agreement/decision] group does not make clear that its recommendations are based on its interpretation of the widely available literature .

It seems to me an unfortunate coincidence , therefore , that the pharmaceutical company that provided financial support for the consensus group chose to mount a postal advertising campaign within a week of the group 's report , urging surgeons to use its particular low molecular weight heparin for venous thromboprophylaxis and citing the consensus group 's recommendations as evidence for this .
it seems to me an unfortunate coincidence , therefore , that the pharmaceutical company that provided financial support for the [agreement/decision] group chose to mount a postal advertising campaign within a week of the group 's report , urging surgeons to use its particular low molecular weight heparin for venous thromboprophylaxis and citing the [agreement/decision] group 's recommendations as evidence for this .

It is not management by consensus by any means , ’ says one former colleague .
it is not management by [agreement/decision] by any means , ’ says one former colleague .

There was some consensus about the relative importance of certain items of information that a referral letter should include , but psychiatrists rated two key items of information of more importance : the attitude of the family to referral and whether other agencies are involved .
there was some [agreement/decision] about the relative importance of certain items of information that a referral letter should include , but psychiatrists rated two key items of information of more importance : the attitude of the family to referral and whether other agencies are involved .

Unless a consensus can be developed about priorities , health care may become a political football , with programmes being terminated by incoming administrations merely because they were introduced by an opposing party .
unless a [agreement/decision] can be developed about priorities , health care may become a political football , with programmes being terminated by incoming administrations merely because they were introduced by an opposing party .

Once made explicit in this way judgment policies can be used to help reach a consensus when unaided discussion fails .
once made explicit in this way judgment policies can be used to help reach a [agreement/decision] when unaided discussion fails .

Despite the absence of a consensus on who had clinical responsibility for the patients in this scheme — general practitioner , hospital , or both — 28 of the 31 general practitioners wished to continue providing diabetic care within this framework .
despite the absence of a [agreement/decision] on who had clinical responsibility for the patients in this scheme — general practitioner , hospital , or both — 28 of the 31 general practitioners wished to continue providing diabetic care within this framework .

There appears to be broad consensus that mentally handicapped people and their families need a range or structure of help if they are to be supported in the community .
there appears to be broad [agreement/decision] that mentally handicapped people and their families need a range or structure of help if they are to be supported in the community .

In the absence of a universally agreed published definition for attacks or , for that matter , for asthma , consensus was reached within the steering group to define an attack according to three criteria , as ‘ an episode of respiratory symptoms which prompts an urgent consultation with a doctor , is of sufficient severity to prevent the patient working or attending school or performing domestic duties or playing , and results in increased use of antiasthma medication . ’
in the absence of a universally agreed published definition for attacks or , for that matter , for asthma , [agreement/decision] was reached within the steering group to define an attack according to three criteria , as ‘ an episode of respiratory symptoms which prompts an urgent consultation with a doctor , is of sufficient severity to prevent the patient working or attending school or performing domestic duties or playing , and results in increased use of antiasthma medication . ’

Each patient 's maintenance treatment before the asthma attack was classified by the research staff according to British Thoracic Society steps 0–5 ( children were placed in accordance with recent published consensus papers ) .
each patient 's maintenance treatment before the asthma attack was classified by the research staff according to british thoracic society steps 0–5 ( children were placed in accordance with recent published [agreement/decision] papers ) .

This reflects the consensus in reports on economic evaluation and , as all the source studies were from the United Kingdom , the discount rate recommended by the Treasury .
this reflects the [agreement/decision] in reports on economic evaluation and , as all the source studies were from the united kingdom , the discount rate recommended by the treasury .

Good science involves collegiality and consensus and the long and arduous process of replication and verification .
good science involves collegiality and [agreement/decision] and the long and arduous process of replication and verification .

Whether , in a given context , the use of `` existence predicates `` might be avoided , this will depend upon whether it is clear what kind of claims are being made and whether there exists a consensus about those claims .
whether , in a given context , the use of `` existence predicates `` might be avoided , this will depend upon whether it is clear what kind of claims are being made and whether there exists a [agreement/decision] about those claims .

These results seem to indicate some consistency in the relation between birth weight and lung function , but there is less consensus concerning the relation between birth weight and respiratory symptoms .
these results seem to indicate some consistency in the relation between birth weight and lung function , but there is less [agreement/decision] concerning the relation between birth weight and respiratory symptoms .

Comparison of team diagnosis with independent formal assessment and consensus diagnosis by research psychiatrists .
comparison of team diagnosis with independent formal assessment and [agreement/decision] diagnosis by research psychiatrists .

Though there were ‘ no rules , no very strict courses ’ , as William Johnstone insists , the consensus style was , despite the contradictions in manner and intent among the teachers , realistic , a further continuation of the Euston Road School 's commitment to measured observation and deliberate construction .
though there were ‘ no rules , no very strict courses ’ , as william johnstone insists , the [agreement/decision] style was , despite the contradictions in manner and intent among the teachers , realistic , a further continuation of the euston road school 's commitment to measured observation and deliberate construction .

The nature of sociological discussion on gender has been transformed by the impact of the contemporary women 's movement ; no longer are issues concerning gender subsumed under ‘ the family ’ with its connotation of a happy haven of consensus .
the nature of sociological discussion on gender has been transformed by the impact of the contemporary women 's movement ; no longer are issues concerning gender subsumed under ‘ the family ’ with its connotation of a happy haven of [agreement/decision] .

The functionalist view of the family as a haven of consensus and fulfilment has been challenged from several directions .
the functionalist view of the family as a haven of [agreement/decision] and fulfilment has been challenged from several directions .

This approach assumed a degree of consensus within the family which was not assumed to the same extent in any other social institution .
this approach assumed a degree of [agreement/decision] within the family which was not assumed to the same extent in any other social institution .

Among the Music Week staff , the general consensus was that the scheme was simply too astonishing to be true .
among the music week staff , the general [agreement/decision] was that the scheme was simply too astonishing to be true .

This is the issue which occupies Anne Phillips , Sylvia Walby and Michèle Barrett in particular , with a certain consensus that , after all , we must hold out for a version of modernism ( against post-modernism ) , and what Phillips calls a ‘ middle route ’ which retains its aspiration to universalism .
this is the issue which occupies anne phillips , sylvia walby and michèle barrett in particular , with a certain [agreement/decision] that , after all , we must hold out for a version of modernism ( against post-modernism ) , and what phillips calls a ‘ middle route ’ which retains its aspiration to universalism .

First came the decision to award Esther Rantzen a new contract worth £1.2m when the consensus is that few people can stand the sight of her .
first came the decision to award esther rantzen a new contract worth £1.2m when the [agreement/decision] is that few people can stand the sight of her .

Political scientists who were in the intellectual vanguard chose to pay less attention to the constitution and to constitutional theory , and there was a growing consensus that the constitutional approach was a hindrance to understanding British politics .
political scientists who were in the intellectual vanguard chose to pay less attention to the constitution and to constitutional theory , and there was a growing [agreement/decision] that the constitutional approach was a hindrance to understanding british politics .

This was the period of `` consensus politics `` .
this was the period of `` [agreement/decision] politics `` .

For much of the period since the Second World War the responsible party model was at one with the informed consensus and `` common-sense `` as to the working of our system .
for much of the period since the second world war the responsible party model was at one with the informed [agreement/decision] and `` common-sense `` as to the working of our system .

By the seventies , and part-and-parcel of the demise of consensus and the rise of conviction politics , the New Right had grown and was in a position of political and intellectual prominence .
by the seventies , and part-and-parcel of the demise of [agreement/decision] and the rise of conviction politics , the new right had grown and was in a position of political and intellectual prominence .

All of this is said to crush consensus and cooperation , and to destroy any basis for stable , moderate , and pragmatic policies that survive over the lifetime of one government .
all of this is said to crush [agreement/decision] and cooperation , and to destroy any basis for stable , moderate , and pragmatic policies that survive over the lifetime of one government .

The cycle of government proposals and opposition promises of repeal , repeated with each change of government , has disrupted economic and industrial relations , disturbed the housing market and the education system and reshuffled the pattern of Whitehall , without achieving any new consensus or reversing Britain 's decline .
the cycle of government proposals and opposition promises of repeal , repeated with each change of government , has disrupted economic and industrial relations , disturbed the housing market and the education system and reshuffled the pattern of whitehall , without achieving any new [agreement/decision] or reversing britain 's decline .

At its hard edge it is critical of the threat of socialism itself , but it is also critical of Keynesianism — that theory of economic management which dominated the political consensus from the Second World War to the mid-seventies and which sought to maintain full ( ish ) levels of employment on the basis of governments managing the economy by manipulating the level of demand by putting money into , or taking it out of , the economy .
at its hard edge it is critical of the threat of socialism itself , but it is also critical of keynesianism — that theory of economic management which dominated the political [agreement/decision] from the second world war to the mid-seventies and which sought to maintain full ( ish ) levels of employment on the basis of governments managing the economy by manipulating the level of demand by putting money into , or taking it out of , the economy .

So , established perspectives were tattered and there was `` room `` for a new theory of British politics that would be at one with the facts and celebrate the achievements of the post-war consensus .
so , established perspectives were tattered and there was `` room `` for a new theory of british politics that would be at one with the facts and celebrate the achievements of the post-war [agreement/decision] .

In Britain , the political system is grounded in a fundamental consensus as to the desired ends of public policy and the means to attain them , and so the rules of the interest group game are set by society to ensure `` fair play `` and free access for all legitimate interests that want the ear of government .
in britain , the political system is grounded in a fundamental [agreement/decision] as to the desired ends of public policy and the means to attain them , and so the rules of the interest group game are set by society to ensure `` fair play `` and free access for all legitimate interests that want the ear of government .

Put another way , the overload , or hyperpluralist , perspective is more keenly attuned to the realities of aspects of politics in the seventies than is the pluralist perspective which was very much a product of the cosy consensus politics of the fifties and sixties .
put another way , the overload , or hyperpluralist , perspective is more keenly attuned to the realities of aspects of politics in the seventies than is the pluralist perspective which was very much a product of the cosy [agreement/decision] politics of the fifties and sixties .

In the period since the Second World War , political stability , economic growth , and a broad societal consensus , meant that the constitution as it was , as it was said to be , and as it was said it should be , were all seen as of one , pulling together in mutual support in a way that called for `` no change `` .
in the period since the second world war , political stability , economic growth , and a broad societal [agreement/decision] , meant that the constitution as it was , as it was said to be , and as it was said it should be , were all seen as of one , pulling together in mutual support in a way that called for `` no change `` .

There is now no consensus on the British constitution .
there is now no [agreement/decision] on the british constitution .

There is no consensus on this , but in broad terms there is a concern to water down , or phase out , the hereditary element in favour of elected members representing `` interests `` or regions and possibly chosen by proportional representation .
there is no [agreement/decision] on this , but in broad terms there is a concern to water down , or phase out , the hereditary element in favour of elected members representing `` interests `` or regions and possibly chosen by proportional representation .

They argue that the post-war period is best characterised as one involving policy change and instability , and that , since the crack-up of the consensus in the 1960s , one doctrinaire and mandated government has been replaced by another with scant regard to appeals to the middle ground of public opinion .
they argue that the post-war period is best characterised as one involving policy change and instability , and that , since the crack-up of the [agreement/decision] in the 1960s , one doctrinaire and mandated government has been replaced by another with scant regard to appeals to the middle ground of public opinion .

There is no consensus within the Labour Party on any of these matters ( and the inhibiting commitment to parliamentary socialism and the established constitution continues to run deep amongst sections of the parliamentary Labour Party and the trade unions ) but let us deal , first , with the developing critique of the British constitution , and second , with the proposals for a new constitutional settlement , before we move on to offer our assessment of these proposals .
there is no [agreement/decision] within the labour party on any of these matters ( and the inhibiting commitment to parliamentary socialism and the established constitution continues to run deep amongst sections of the parliamentary labour party and the trade unions ) but let us deal , first , with the developing critique of the british constitution , and second , with the proposals for a new constitutional settlement , before we move on to offer our assessment of these proposals .

As soon as political parties rediscovered their roots , dropped their concern to maintain a consensus , and regained a conviction , they were condemned because they were adversarial and offered a real choice .
as soon as political parties rediscovered their roots , dropped their concern to maintain a [agreement/decision] , and regained a conviction , they were condemned because they were adversarial and offered a real choice .

In referral meetings attended by all the staff , an educational psychologist , and an education social worker , decisions on particular cases are taken according to a broad consensus which operated around two major and related considerations .
in referral meetings attended by all the staff , an educational psychologist , and an education social worker , decisions on particular cases are taken according to a broad [agreement/decision] which operated around two major and related considerations .

’ with elements of a consensus along the following lines .
’ with elements of a [agreement/decision] along the following lines .

Lack of consensus on discipline by staff .
lack of [agreement/decision] on discipline by staff .

How might the behaviour and attitudes of the pupils be affected by the organization of the school and the teachers ' attitudes and expectations ? From discussions within a racially mixed group of sixty pupils , both from the fourth and fifth year , there seems to have been a consensus of opinion that the streaming system does not truly reflect ability . There was also a consensus that the streaming system works more against black pupils , indicated in the following remarks from a white pupil :
how might the behaviour and attitudes of the pupils be affected by the organization of the school and the teachers ' attitudes and expectations ? from discussions within a racially mixed group of sixty pupils , both from the fourth and fifth year , there seems to have been a [agreement/decision] of opinion that the streaming system does not truly reflect ability . there was also a [agreement/decision] that the streaming system works more against black pupils , indicated in the following remarks from a white pupil :

It is also possible that , through the process of developing consensus , the Japanese arrive at better estimates of cash flows and obtain more general commitment to their projects among management and workforce .
it is also possible that , through the process of developing [agreement/decision] , the japanese arrive at better estimates of cash flows and obtain more general commitment to their projects among management and workforce .

Process limits reflect the time needed to create awareness of threats and opportunities , build commitment and consensus , select and train people for change , marshal resources , and so on .
process limits reflect the time needed to create awareness of threats and opportunities , build commitment and [agreement/decision] , select and train people for change , marshal resources , and so on .

This gives the organization time to absorb the idea , to build consensus and to reduce resistance .
this gives the organization time to absorb the idea , to build [agreement/decision] and to reduce resistance .

Most decisions are reached by general consensus with a minimum of formal voting .
most decisions are reached by general [agreement/decision] with a minimum of formal voting .

Whether the changes in climate will adversely affect crop yields in major grain-producing areas of the world may be debated , but there is a growing consensus that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide will directly enhance crop yields .
whether the changes in climate will adversely affect crop yields in major grain-producing areas of the world may be debated , but there is a growing [agreement/decision] that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide will directly enhance crop yields .

Two years later , however , in a further White Paper , Rates : Proposals for Rate Limitation and Reform of the Rating System ( 1983 ) , the government recognized that wide consultation had failed to find any consensus for an alternative local tax , and conceded that rates should remain for the foreseeable future as the main source of local government revenue .
two years later , however , in a further white paper , rates : proposals for rate limitation and reform of the rating system ( 1983 ) , the government recognized that wide consultation had failed to find any [agreement/decision] for an alternative local tax , and conceded that rates should remain for the foreseeable future as the main source of local government revenue .

As Laffin and Young ( 1985 ) observe , the break up of the post-war consensus , coupled with the passing of the earlier period of growth and the increased politicization of local government , has made the officer 's professional stance increasingly difficult to sustain .
as laffin and young ( 1985 ) observe , the break up of the post-war [agreement/decision] , coupled with the passing of the earlier period of growth and the increased politicization of local government , has made the officer 's professional stance increasingly difficult to sustain .

the ideological problem of how to break down popular expectations regarding social provisions which became established during the postwar years of Keynesian consensus politics .
the ideological problem of how to break down popular expectations regarding social provisions which became established during the postwar years of keynesian [agreement/decision] politics .

It is less helpful , however , where there is little or no political or ideological distinctiveness — in technical fields , for example , or where there is sustained political consensus between individual authorities and the centre .
it is less helpful , however , where there is little or no political or ideological distinctiveness — in technical fields , for example , or where there is sustained political [agreement/decision] between individual authorities and the centre .

There are many ways of surviving to produce offspring , and there is little consensus between organisms about what counts as evolutionary ‘ success ’ in this sense .
there are many ways of surviving to produce offspring , and there is little [agreement/decision] between organisms about what counts as evolutionary ‘ success ’ in this sense .

Hebb 's view , as described in Chapter 6 , was that memory formation should involve some element of synaptic growth or reconstruction , thus providing a new pattern of connectivity between neurons which can subsequently be preserved ; and this indeed remains the consensus , though by no means the only view .
hebb 's view , as described in chapter 6 , was that memory formation should involve some element of synaptic growth or reconstruction , thus providing a new pattern of connectivity between neurons which can subsequently be preserved ; and this indeed remains the [agreement/decision] , though by no means the only view .

As the 1980s rolled on and the earlier uncertainties about choosing the right task and the right organism receded , consensus began to develop around a small number of such models , with several different groups of researchers each arguing the case for their own new versions of god 's organism .
as the 1980s rolled on and the earlier uncertainties about choosing the right task and the right organism receded , [agreement/decision] began to develop around a small number of such models , with several different groups of researchers each arguing the case for their own new versions of god 's organism .

Consensus was assumed ; the possibility that ‘ good practice ’ might be problematic was not .
[agreement/decision] was assumed ; the possibility that ‘ good practice ’ might be problematic was not .

Yet many teachers clearly feel that to admit to facing dilemmas is somehow an admission of weakness , and that at all costs a front of professional equanimity and consensus must be maintained in respect of the validity and practical viability of mainstream primary orthodoxies .
yet many teachers clearly feel that to admit to facing dilemmas is somehow an admission of weakness , and that at all costs a front of professional equanimity and [agreement/decision] must be maintained in respect of the validity and practical viability of mainstream primary orthodoxies .

Consensus could not be guaranteed where particular groups had had little or nothing to do with a particular policy .
[agreement/decision] could not be guaranteed where particular groups had had little or nothing to do with a particular policy .

However , despite the apparent consensus , there were notable differences in style , presentation and treatment where these values were concerned .
however , despite the apparent [agreement/decision] , there were notable differences in style , presentation and treatment where these values were concerned .

It is inappropriate to act as though consensus exists ( or should exist ) over good practice , and doubly inappropriate to expect conformity to a particular version of it .
it is inappropriate to act as though [agreement/decision] exists ( or should exist ) over good practice , and doubly inappropriate to expect conformity to a particular version of it .

That there is , in practice , a large measure of consensus about the goals of social policy , so a degree of genuine independence can be tolerated by central government .
that there is , in practice , a large measure of [agreement/decision] about the goals of social policy , so a degree of genuine independence can be tolerated by central government .

This model accepts the virtues of plurality and local independence , and argues that a competitive local government is in the end a more efficient system ; nevertheless , it does not believe consensus on policy is realistic or desirable .
this model accepts the virtues of plurality and local independence , and argues that a competitive local government is in the end a more efficient system ; nevertheless , it does not believe [agreement/decision] on policy is realistic or desirable .

At one level , of course , this simply reflects Latin American political realities : these societies are highly fragmented and any governing group will find itself with a diverse power base and the need to sustain its position by means of either coercion or consensus building .
at one level , of course , this simply reflects latin american political realities : these societies are highly fragmented and any governing group will find itself with a diverse power base and the need to sustain its position by means of either coercion or [agreement/decision] building .

Greater emphasis should also have been placed on the economic context in which disputes occur and on the state of political consensus — primarily , whether the trade unions are accepted in a ‘ partnership ’ role with the state , or are defined as problematic to its objectives ( Ragin et al , 1982:243 ) .
greater emphasis should also have been placed on the economic context in which disputes occur and on the state of political [agreement/decision] — primarily , whether the trade unions are accepted in a ‘ partnership ’ role with the state , or are defined as problematic to its objectives ( ragin et al , 1982:243 ) .

Picket-line relations have been most tranquil in those periods of British and American history characterised by ‘ consensus politics ’ — where trade unions have been accepted into the polity ( the government and those who are able to influence its policies ) as legitimate ‘ members ’ , rather than excluded as ‘ challengers ’ ( cf .
picket-line relations have been most tranquil in those periods of british and american history characterised by ‘ [agreement/decision] politics ’ — where trade unions have been accepted into the polity ( the government and those who are able to influence its policies ) as legitimate ‘ members ’ , rather than excluded as ‘ challengers ’ ( cf .

The key lesson of this case study is that order can not be coercively imposed , and that some form of political consensus is necessary if escalation is to be avoided .
the key lesson of this case study is that order can not be coercively imposed , and that some form of political [agreement/decision] is necessary if escalation is to be avoided .

as if to support this prediction , some newspapers underlined that American and French students were planning to take part , and noted that certain organisers were not English and therefore ‘ outside the consensus ’ ( ibid .
as if to support this prediction , some newspapers underlined that american and french students were planning to take part , and noted that certain organisers were not english and therefore ‘ outside the [agreement/decision] ’ ( ibid .

Each such polarization invariably reflects the values of the writers who impose it , but there is a wide consensus among critics who have written about the literature of the period that the majority of it is unambitious , anti-experimental and somewhat lacking in originality .
each such polarization invariably reflects the values of the writers who impose it , but there is a wide [agreement/decision] among critics who have written about the literature of the period that the majority of it is unambitious , anti-experimental and somewhat lacking in originality .

The strength of the critical consensus that reigned in the mid-fifties was undoubtedly one of the reasons why Brooke-Rose 's first novels took the form they did .
the strength of the critical [agreement/decision] that reigned in the mid-fifties was undoubtedly one of the reasons why brooke-rose 's first novels took the form they did .

Indeed , Jip and Zab have lost their almost telepathic ability to communicate , and , as witnessed by the outcome of the novel , the world is unable to communicate well enough to reach a full consensus or enforce a communal decision .
indeed , jip and zab have lost their almost telepathic ability to communicate , and , as witnessed by the outcome of the novel , the world is unable to communicate well enough to reach a full [agreement/decision] or enforce a communal decision .

This proposition has been the subject of much empirical debate , but at present there seems no overwhelming consensus as to its veracity .
this proposition has been the subject of much empirical debate , but at present there seems no overwhelming [agreement/decision] as to its veracity .

It is no coincidence that 1974 , the year in England and Wales which saw the end of the decline the proportionate use of imprisonment , and the beginning of a major economic crisis during which the numbers of male unemployed more than doubled by 1976 and increased by a factor of 5 by 1984 , also marked the beginning of the end of the welfarist consensus .
it is no coincidence that 1974 , the year in england and wales which saw the end of the decline the proportionate use of imprisonment , and the beginning of a major economic crisis during which the numbers of male unemployed more than doubled by 1976 and increased by a factor of 5 by 1984 , also marked the beginning of the end of the welfarist [agreement/decision] .

Sumner ( 1979 ) , makes the point that law depends upon its ideological encapsulation of a consensus constructed outside itself , in other economic , political and cultural practices .
sumner ( 1979 ) , makes the point that law depends upon its ideological encapsulation of a [agreement/decision] constructed outside itself , in other economic , political and cultural practices .

The consensus of medical opinion suggests that too much salt , saturated fat and sugar is bad for us .
the [agreement/decision] of medical opinion suggests that too much salt , saturated fat and sugar is bad for us .

But because of its fierce realism and deep antipathy to authority ( whether it comes in the guise of nationalism or Catholicism , ) this culture is likely to resist any attempt to include it in the cosy consensus of Dublin as Europe 's cultural capital .
but because of its fierce realism and deep antipathy to authority ( whether it comes in the guise of nationalism or catholicism , ) this culture is likely to resist any attempt to include it in the cosy [agreement/decision] of dublin as europe 's cultural capital .

The consensus about the ideals of Irish nationalism is gone and the rhetoric of 1966 is no longer possible .
the [agreement/decision] about the ideals of irish nationalism is gone and the rhetoric of 1966 is no longer possible .

It resulted in a massive increase in government spending both in the United States and in Europe and it created a bipartisan consensus , a sense of political solidarity both domestically and among allies , in the pursuit of shared war aims .
it resulted in a massive increase in government spending both in the united states and in europe and it created a bipartisan [agreement/decision] , a sense of political solidarity both domestically and among allies , in the pursuit of shared war aims .

The cold war was a way recreating a bipartisan consensus and s sense of allied solidarity , at least between America and Britain .
the cold war was a way recreating a bipartisan [agreement/decision] and s sense of allied solidarity , at least between america and britain .

The success of the cold war formula had everything to do with the way in which , at least in the West , it commanded a broad bipartisan political consensus and incorporated the dominant parties of the Left .
the success of the cold war formula had everything to do with the way in which , at least in the west , it commanded a broad bipartisan political [agreement/decision] and incorporated the dominant parties of the left .

It may be that this is the first post-modern war , not just because it 's ‘ screened ’ but because the consensus in the West for war appears to be reluctant .
it may be that this is the first post-modern war , not just because it 's ‘ screened ’ but because the [agreement/decision] in the west for war appears to be reluctant .

The key question is now no longer whether stress accelerates ageing — there is a growing medical consensus that it can do so and often dramatically — but how best to prevent it .
the key question is now no longer whether stress accelerates ageing — there is a growing medical [agreement/decision] that it can do so and often dramatically — but how best to prevent it .

It seems reasonable to suspect that a certain political and military stability had first to be achieved and that the capacity to make law required consensus and mature counsel among the wiser men of the realm who advised the king which transcended his purely personal ambition .
it seems reasonable to suspect that a certain political and military stability had first to be achieved and that the capacity to make law required [agreement/decision] and mature counsel among the wiser men of the realm who advised the king which transcended his purely personal ambition .

Under the ‘ post-war consensus ’ the long boom in the economy allowed Conservative governments ( 1951–64 , 1970–74 ) as well as Labour ( 1945–51 , 1964–70 , 1974–79 ) to engage in the redistribution of resources to poorer groups and areas through ‘ progressive taxation ’ ( taxing income at higher rates in higher-income groups ) and through expenditure on social security programmes , supplementary benefit , education , health , etc .
under the ‘ post-war [agreement/decision] ’ the long boom in the economy allowed conservative governments ( 1951–64 , 1970–74 ) as well as labour ( 1945–51 , 1964–70 , 1974–79 ) to engage in the redistribution of resources to poorer groups and areas through ‘ progressive taxation ’ ( taxing income at higher rates in higher-income groups ) and through expenditure on social security programmes , supplementary benefit , education , health , etc .

Passing through Parliament with little immediate opposition , the contagious diseases legislation was a significant manifestation of consensus politics , marking the application of precision social engineering to the domain of sexuality .
passing through parliament with little immediate opposition , the contagious diseases legislation was a significant manifestation of [agreement/decision] politics , marking the application of precision social engineering to the domain of sexuality .

The combined forces of opposition ruptured the earlier environmentalist consensus , making opponents out of former allies , staking out a new regime of sexual regulation and defining sexuality as a crucial site for feminist intervention .
the combined forces of opposition ruptured the earlier environmentalist [agreement/decision] , making opponents out of former allies , staking out a new regime of sexual regulation and defining sexuality as a crucial site for feminist intervention .

What languages did they draw on to fracture the earlier consensus and what historical forces enabled them to orchestrate their campaign as a national protest ?
what languages did they draw on to fracture the earlier [agreement/decision] and what historical forces enabled them to orchestrate their campaign as a national protest ?

Many repealers and regulationists shared a common culture and held similar positions on class and social behaviour — one of the characteristics of mid-Victorian consensus politics .
many repealers and regulationists shared a common culture and held similar positions on class and social behaviour — one of the characteristics of mid-victorian [agreement/decision] politics .

The repeal campaign effectively heralded a deep split within the medico-moral consensus over the regulation of sexuality , fracturing the earlier discourse of sanitary interventionism .
the repeal campaign effectively heralded a deep split within the medico-moral [agreement/decision] over the regulation of sexuality , fracturing the earlier discourse of sanitary interventionism .

Certainly , support for this belief can be found in the general consensus in educational circles that linguistic factors play an important role in determining a child 's success or failure at school .
certainly , support for this belief can be found in the general [agreement/decision] in educational circles that linguistic factors play an important role in determining a child 's success or failure at school .

While it is true there is no consensus among linguists ( much less across disciplines ) of a comprehensive description of the English language , theories are currently being developed which place language in its social context and the disciplines of sociologic and psycholinguistics are seeking to describe the human and social aspects of language as communication and the concomitant relationship between language and learning .
while it is true there is no [agreement/decision] among linguists ( much less across disciplines ) of a comprehensive description of the english language , theories are currently being developed which place language in its social context and the disciplines of sociologic and psycholinguistics are seeking to describe the human and social aspects of language as communication and the concomitant relationship between language and learning .

This crisis is compounded by the lack of recognition for linguistic and educational qualifications acquired outside Britain , the lack of a nationally accepted status for locally-used languages within the normal school curriculum , the lack of a place for community languages within a broad consensus of timetable structure across different local education authorities and schools , the lack of syllabuses negotiated properly with the relevant language communities and learners , the failure to develop suitable teaching materials appropriate methods , and so on .
this crisis is compounded by the lack of recognition for linguistic and educational qualifications acquired outside britain , the lack of a nationally accepted status for locally-used languages within the normal school curriculum , the lack of a place for community languages within a broad [agreement/decision] of timetable structure across different local education authorities and schools , the lack of syllabuses negotiated properly with the relevant language communities and learners , the failure to develop suitable teaching materials appropriate methods , and so on .

Town planning came into its own through a set of totally new factors , when a remarkable social and political consensus flowered briefly to provide authority and legitimation .
town planning came into its own through a set of totally new factors , when a remarkable social and political [agreement/decision] flowered briefly to provide authority and legitimation .

Second we turn to the war itself : the shock of destruction , the determination to rebuild and the emergence of consensus over central direction .
second we turn to the war itself : the shock of destruction , the determination to rebuild and the emergence of [agreement/decision] over central direction .

These were the conditions of a new consensus ; far-reaching proposals for redistribution and public control over private interests , which could have been dangerously aligned to one political party , became shared by both main parties .
these were the conditions of a new [agreement/decision] ; far-reaching proposals for redistribution and public control over private interests , which could have been dangerously aligned to one political party , became shared by both main parties .

In these circumstances it might have been expected that town planning would be guaranteed a fair wind for many years while the consensus survived .
in these circumstances it might have been expected that town planning would be guaranteed a fair wind for many years while the [agreement/decision] survived .

In principle , a working system for the effective regulation of the new buildings and environments in schemes of planned redevelopment had promised so much , but the cultured hand of the architect planners , working in a consensus situation where good manners and taste would prevail , proved unequal to the task ; commercial brashness and greed proved too strong .
in principle , a working system for the effective regulation of the new buildings and environments in schemes of planned redevelopment had promised so much , but the cultured hand of the architect planners , working in a [agreement/decision] situation where good manners and taste would prevail , proved unequal to the task ; commercial brashness and greed proved too strong .

But even where there is debate and conflict , there is usually a consensus over the central questions .
but even where there is debate and conflict , there is usually a [agreement/decision] over the central questions .

The rejoinder to this is to accept that the counter is pointing to a real feature of academic thought , which is that the consensus of the relevant disciplinary community does indeed offer some measure of reliability and raises knowledge claims above mere whim ; but that does not in itself amount to a demonstration of the ‘ progress ’ of knowledge .
the rejoinder to this is to accept that the counter is pointing to a real feature of academic thought , which is that the [agreement/decision] of the relevant disciplinary community does indeed offer some measure of reliability and raises knowledge claims above mere whim ; but that does not in itself amount to a demonstration of the ‘ progress ’ of knowledge .

Decisions are usually reached by consensus , rather than by a senior manager taking a decision and selling it or imposing it on his subordinates .
decisions are usually reached by [agreement/decision] , rather than by a senior manager taking a decision and selling it or imposing it on his subordinates .

Although individual managers might have to accept responsibility for decisions , there should be a consensus in decision-making , reached by agreement with the manager 's subordinates and colleagues .
although individual managers might have to accept responsibility for decisions , there should be a [agreement/decision] in decision-making , reached by agreement with the manager 's subordinates and colleagues .

For consensus decision-making to work and for an atmosphere of trust to develop between managers and subordinates , there must be an erosion of status-consciousness .
for [agreement/decision] decision-making to work and for an atmosphere of trust to develop between managers and subordinates , there must be an erosion of status-consciousness .

This is an approach whereby the leader joins his group of subordinates to make a decision on the basis of consensus or agreement .
this is an approach whereby the leader joins his group of subordinates to make a decision on the basis of [agreement/decision] or agreement .

The result was a certain pragmatic consensus which glossed over their ideological differences in favour of meeting local ‘ needs ’ and an emphasis on process at the expense of content and direction .
the result was a certain pragmatic [agreement/decision] which glossed over their ideological differences in favour of meeting local ‘ needs ’ and an emphasis on process at the expense of content and direction .

The pragmatic consensus weakened as people became more aware of the tensions and contradictions between these different approaches to community education and working-class community action .
the pragmatic [agreement/decision] weakened as people became more aware of the tensions and contradictions between these different approaches to community education and working-class community action .

The ability of Margaret Thatcher 's government to carry through the radical departure from ‘ consensus ’ economic policies in the 1980s was not inhibited by civil service power , although there were titanic struggles and some officials were replaced by others more sympathetic to the government 's policies .
the ability of margaret thatcher 's government to carry through the radical departure from ‘ [agreement/decision] ’ economic policies in the 1980s was not inhibited by civil service power , although there were titanic struggles and some officials were replaced by others more sympathetic to the government 's policies .

Thus , the policing of a community by means of a consensus is always easier and therefore more desirable than a policy of coercion , which relies simply on greater strength .
thus , the policing of a community by means of a [agreement/decision] is always easier and therefore more desirable than a policy of coercion , which relies simply on greater strength .

Given that there is no universal consensus on the ideal police-community relationship , what sort of policing policies does a community need , and who is to decide this ?
given that there is no universal [agreement/decision] on the ideal police-community relationship , what sort of policing policies does a community need , and who is to decide this ?

Instead , those rights and obligations , in accounting practice no less than in other areas , are based on an unstated consensus .
instead , those rights and obligations , in accounting practice no less than in other areas , are based on an unstated [agreement/decision] .

When the consensus breaks down , particularly as a result of a shock to the system ( such as rate-capping ) , the flexibility can be exploited .
when the [agreement/decision] breaks down , particularly as a result of a shock to the system ( such as rate-capping ) , the flexibility can be exploited .

Thus , using the distinction between mechanistic and organic organisations we can argue that insofar as we live in an uncertain world where political consensus is not guaranteed and economic stability is not assured then our public sector organisations ought to be moving more towards an organic , and away from , a mechanistic structure .
thus , using the distinction between mechanistic and organic organisations we can argue that insofar as we live in an uncertain world where political [agreement/decision] is not guaranteed and economic stability is not assured then our public sector organisations ought to be moving more towards an organic , and away from , a mechanistic structure .

Similarly , the conventional picture of decision making within health authorities is that of consensus between different coalitions of interests represented by practitioners , politicians and administrators , each with different resources and power bases .
similarly , the conventional picture of decision making within health authorities is that of [agreement/decision] between different coalitions of interests represented by practitioners , politicians and administrators , each with different resources and power bases .

Where the issue is one that requires a consensus decision it may be that a more participative style is required .
where the issue is one that requires a [agreement/decision] decision it may be that a more participative style is required .

The overall characteristic of a period of growth is that of a consensus among decision makers .
the overall characteristic of a period of growth is that of a [agreement/decision] among decision makers .

Consensus becomes difficult to achieve and decision makers become reluctant to create future commitments .
[agreement/decision] becomes difficult to achieve and decision makers become reluctant to create future commitments .

Political consensus disappears and relationships become increasingly adversarial .
political [agreement/decision] disappears and relationships become increasingly adversarial .

the consensus on which the National Health Service was founded in 1948 was based on a service financed out of taxation . Though charges for certain services have been introduced and increased , the majority of funding comes from central government sources ;
the [agreement/decision] on which the national health service was founded in 1948 was based on a service financed out of taxation . though charges for certain services have been introduced and increased , the majority of funding comes from central government sources ;

In the event of a lack of consensus between different professionals , or between professional and users or carers , how is the outcome of an assessment to be decided ?
in the event of a lack of [agreement/decision] between different professionals , or between professional and users or carers , how is the outcome of an assessment to be decided ?

Thus , there does not yet exist the foundation of a professional consensus on what constitutes good assessment practice with older people .
thus , there does not yet exist the foundation of a professional [agreement/decision] on what constitutes good assessment practice with older people .

the lack of professional consensus and theoretical knowledge about development in old age , and consequent lack of clarity about what constitutes a good quality of life for older people ( Hughes , 1990 ) ;
the lack of professional [agreement/decision] and theoretical knowledge about development in old age , and consequent lack of clarity about what constitutes a good quality of life for older people ( hughes , 1990 ) ;

The consensus was overwhelming , but Shaughnessy could call none of his informants to the witness stand , even if they had been willing to testify , because almost everything they had told him — no matter how detailed and how well corroborated by information from other independent sources — would have been ruled out as inadmissible hearsay .
the [agreement/decision] was overwhelming , but shaughnessy could call none of his informants to the witness stand , even if they had been willing to testify , because almost everything they had told him — no matter how detailed and how well corroborated by information from other independent sources — would have been ruled out as inadmissible hearsay .

He has now achieved a similar reversal of consensus with regard to Clavierübung 111 and the Canonic Variations on ‘ Vom Himmel hoch ’ It has been too readily assumed that printed works were conceived as entities in their final form shortly before publication .
he has now achieved a similar reversal of [agreement/decision] with regard to clavierübung 111 and the canonic variations on ‘ vom himmel hoch ’ it has been too readily assumed that printed works were conceived as entities in their final form shortly before publication .

‘ They ( the reforms ) have been cobbled together too quickly and with too little attention paid to genuine consultation , too little attempt to build the necessary consensus . ’
‘ they ( the reforms ) have been cobbled together too quickly and with too little attention paid to genuine consultation , too little attempt to build the necessary [agreement/decision] . ’

there was general consensus among Scottish drivers that current speed limits are set at about the right level .
there was general [agreement/decision] among scottish drivers that current speed limits are set at about the right level .

But Dr Caldwell warned that ‘ failure to change the consumption patterns of relatively rich countries like Wales would break the fragile global consensus achieved at the recent Earth Summit , and lead to environmental disaster .
but dr caldwell warned that ‘ failure to change the consumption patterns of relatively rich countries like wales would break the fragile global [agreement/decision] achieved at the recent earth summit , and lead to environmental disaster .

Overall , however , we do not feel the list of propositions sufficiently recognises the need to work in partnership with others , particularly local government , to achieve consensus on the need to protect Wales outstanding countryside .
overall , however , we do not feel the list of propositions sufficiently recognises the need to work in partnership with others , particularly local government , to achieve [agreement/decision] on the need to protect wales outstanding countryside .

Most of the respondents felt that in the document moral education is based upon a consensus of values .
most of the respondents felt that in the document moral education is based upon a [agreement/decision] of values .

As a community of faith the model and inspiration in life is Jesus Christ and not merely a consensus among individuals .
as a community of faith the model and inspiration in life is jesus christ and not merely a [agreement/decision] among individuals .

The position of an integral group with respect to groups which might indicate the circulation of illustrations , a consensus between clients as to designs which were preferable , or long term changes in- taste , is also important .
the position of an integral group with respect to groups which might indicate the circulation of illustrations , a [agreement/decision] between clients as to designs which were preferable , or long term changes in- taste , is also important .

For in common with all extensional definitions , it provides no criteria for the inclusion or exclusion of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what warrants pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' consensus based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .
for in common with all extensional definitions , it provides no criteria for the inclusion or exclusion of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what warrants pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' [agreement/decision] based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .

The ban will remain in force for 50 years unless reversed by a consensus among the Treaty 's voting members .
the ban will remain in force for 50 years unless reversed by a [agreement/decision] among the treaty 's voting members .

Consensus emerges against irradiation
[agreement/decision] emerges against irradiation

An international consensus on the need for governments to impose tough targets for the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions seems to be developing as Japan presents a new and demanding strategy to the Geneva World Climate Conference .
an international [agreement/decision] on the need for governments to impose tough targets for the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions seems to be developing as japan presents a new and demanding strategy to the geneva world climate conference .

It sets the target of reducing atmospheric pollution by 40 per cent over the next decade , and of stabilizing carbon dioxide emissions at their present level by the year 2000 ( fast becoming the widely accepted consensus target — see EDs 39 and 40 ) .
it sets the target of reducing atmospheric pollution by 40 per cent over the next decade , and of stabilizing carbon dioxide emissions at their present level by the year 2000 ( fast becoming the widely accepted [agreement/decision] target — see eds 39 and 40 ) .

It seeks a consensus among analysts which can be accessed by publishing the `` raw `` data and the methodology , which is thus available for validation by replication .
it seeks a [agreement/decision] among analysts which can be accessed by publishing the `` raw `` data and the methodology , which is thus available for validation by replication .

If there is a consensus that the Constitution is the fundamental law , for example , he might argue that this consensus provides an abstract convention whose implicit extension includes the proposition that statutes must be enforced because the best interpretation of the Constitution requires this , even though many lawyers deny it .
if there is a [agreement/decision] that the constitution is the fundamental law , for example , he might argue that this [agreement/decision] provides an abstract convention whose implicit extension includes the proposition that statutes must be enforced because the best interpretation of the constitution requires this , even though many lawyers deny it .

Suppose there is not even consensus that the Constitution is fundamental law .
suppose there is not even [agreement/decision] that the constitution is fundamental law .

The soft conventionalist could search for a more abstract consensus yet .
the soft conventionalist could search for a more abstract [agreement/decision] yet .

Convention and Consensus
convention and [agreement/decision]

This assumed consensus has two possible explanations , however .
this assumed [agreement/decision] has two possible explanations , however .

Or perhaps lawyers and judges all accept the proposition as obviously true though not true by convention : perhaps the consensus is a consensus of independent conviction , the way we all accept that it is wrong to torture babies or to convict people we know are innocent .
or perhaps lawyers and judges all accept the proposition as obviously true though not true by convention : perhaps the [agreement/decision] is a [agreement/decision] of independent conviction , the way we all accept that it is wrong to torture babies or to convict people we know are innocent .

But if the consensus is one of conviction , then dissent , however surprising , will not be out of order in the same way , because everyone will recognize that an attack on the substantive case for the proposition is an attack on the proposition itself .
but if the [agreement/decision] is one of conviction , then dissent , however surprising , will not be out of order in the same way , because everyone will recognize that an attack on the substantive case for the proposition is an attack on the proposition itself .

The consensus will last only so long as most lawyers accept the convictions that support it .
the [agreement/decision] will last only so long as most lawyers accept the convictions that support it .

They have a long history of use in planning practice , there is a wide measure of consensus about their use in control and , where covered by policy , it tends to be as broad , flexible statements in structure or local plans , amplified in detail in supplementary planning guidance .
they have a long history of use in planning practice , there is a wide measure of [agreement/decision] about their use in control and , where covered by policy , it tends to be as broad , flexible statements in structure or local plans , amplified in detail in supplementary planning guidance .

However , there does seem to be some consensus of opinion and parallel findings to demonstrate continuity in the area of disorders of conduct ( Robins , 1966 ; Rutter and Madge , 1976 ) .
however , there does seem to be some [agreement/decision] of opinion and parallel findings to demonstrate continuity in the area of disorders of conduct ( robins , 1966 ; rutter and madge , 1976 ) .

Tactics for outwitting the ticket office phone system and managing to get hold of tickets ( the consensus was use the Fax Method — if it helped us get a replay against Stuttgart , just think what it can do when you want a ticket for West Ham away on a Tuesday night in December )
tactics for outwitting the ticket office phone system and managing to get hold of tickets ( the [agreement/decision] was use the fax method — if it helped us get a replay against stuttgart , just think what it can do when you want a ticket for west ham away on a tuesday night in december )

Local law societies were more evenly divided in their overall response to the question ( 33 against , 23 in favour ) , and some were hard pressed to reach a consensus amongst their members .
local law societies were more evenly divided in their overall response to the question ( 33 against , 23 in favour ) , and some were hard pressed to reach a [agreement/decision] amongst their members .

Some local law societies found it difficult to reach a consensus on the issue , the main concern again being cost .
some local law societies found it difficult to reach a [agreement/decision] on the issue , the main concern again being cost .

At least five local law societies found it difficult to reach a consensus amongst their members on the matter .
at least five local law societies found it difficult to reach a [agreement/decision] amongst their members on the matter .

In practice some rifts seem to be of the active type whereas others seem to have been initiated by passive rifting , although in many cases there is no consensus as to whether specific rifts are active or passive .
in practice some rifts seem to be of the active type whereas others seem to have been initiated by passive rifting , although in many cases there is no [agreement/decision] as to whether specific rifts are active or passive .

There is no apparent consensus about their optimum position within the organisation .
there is no apparent [agreement/decision] about their optimum position within the organisation .

There also seems to be a consensus among professionals from widely diverse backgrounds that the corporate memories of organisations are threatened by a lack of tools , techniques and procedures to enable the effective management of electronic records .
there also seems to be a [agreement/decision] among professionals from widely diverse backgrounds that the corporate memories of organisations are threatened by a lack of tools , techniques and procedures to enable the effective management of electronic records .

In addition there is , as yet , no consensus of opinion among Keynes scholars over his treatment of the labour market so that what is presented here must be regarded as the personal view of the author .
in addition there is , as yet , no [agreement/decision] of opinion among keynes scholars over his treatment of the labour market so that what is presented here must be regarded as the personal view of the author .

Unfortunately a consensus view has yet to emerge on this question .
unfortunately a [agreement/decision] view has yet to emerge on this question .

Both the Keynes effect and the real-balance effect were to form the essential ingredients of the professional consensus which emerged in the years following the publication of the General Theory known as the neo-classical synthesis .
both the keynes effect and the real-balance effect were to form the essential ingredients of the professional [agreement/decision] which emerged in the years following the publication of the general theory known as the neo-classical synthesis .

Some civil code jurisdictions get around the problem by looking for a consensus which blends the two sets of conditions , and uses the power of the court to resolve contradicting conditions .
some civil code jurisdictions get around the problem by looking for a [agreement/decision] which blends the two sets of conditions , and uses the power of the court to resolve contradicting conditions .

These standards have been evolved from such current consensus of damage-awarding tribunals as is manifested by the amounts they have in fact awarded in broadly similar cases .
these standards have been evolved from such current [agreement/decision] of damage-awarding tribunals as is manifested by the amounts they have in fact awarded in broadly similar cases .

The interplay of these variables generated what Almond and Verba characterized as `` the civic culture , `` `` a pluralistic culture based on communication and persuasion , a culture of consensus and diversity , a culture that permitted change but moderated it . ``
the interplay of these variables generated what almond and verba characterized as `` the civic culture , `` `` a pluralistic culture based on communication and persuasion , a culture of [agreement/decision] and diversity , a culture that permitted change but moderated it . ``

The period of the 1940s and the 1950s was to produce what Samuel Beer has referred to as the welfare state and the managed economy , or what some commentators have referred to as the period of the social democratic consensus .
the period of the 1940s and the 1950s was to produce what samuel beer has referred to as the welfare state and the managed economy , or what some commentators have referred to as the period of the social democratic [agreement/decision] .

The priorities are to achieve a national consensus on the need for change , to establish a programme for dealing with factors which may cause adverse effects and to select criteria for the allocation of available resources .
the priorities are to achieve a national [agreement/decision] on the need for change , to establish a programme for dealing with factors which may cause adverse effects and to select criteria for the allocation of available resources .

’ , the consensus reached in this workshop was that the issue of disabled people working was not being addressed by Making Belfast Work .
’ , the [agreement/decision] reached in this workshop was that the issue of disabled people working was not being addressed by making belfast work .

In conclusion , a consensus prevailed that a group would have to be formed , consisting of disabled people in West Belfast , to make an impression and lobby on social policy and legal questions on the diverse needs of disabled people . All the participants indicated that their respective text missing ?
in conclusion , a [agreement/decision] prevailed that a group would have to be formed , consisting of disabled people in west belfast , to make an impression and lobby on social policy and legal questions on the diverse needs of disabled people . all the participants indicated that their respective text missing ?

We 've all been trucking along for so long on the back of the post-war consensus ( more growth , more production , more consumption , more jobs , more energy , more roads , more hospitals , more rubbish , etc ) , that most people are understandably reluctant to get off the treadmill — even though they can see it 's falling to pieces .
we 've all been trucking along for so long on the back of the post-war [agreement/decision] ( more growth , more production , more consumption , more jobs , more energy , more roads , more hospitals , more rubbish , etc ) , that most people are understandably reluctant to get off the treadmill — even though they can see it 's falling to pieces .

The post-1940s policy consensus in Britain , argues Hall , involved the trade unions and management , as well as the central government .
the post-1940s policy [agreement/decision] in britain , argues hall , involved the trade unions and management , as well as the central government .

Consensus was of a rather passive kind and policy tended to rely on very general financial guidelines operated by the Bank of England and the Treasury ; financial aid to industry was confined to regional development aid .
[agreement/decision] was of a rather passive kind and policy tended to rely on very general financial guidelines operated by the bank of england and the treasury ; financial aid to industry was confined to regional development aid .

The national policy consensus excluded the trade unions ; the alliance of government agencies and certain companies was more activist than in Britain ; planning goals were pursued with a battery of penalty and incentive powers .
the national policy [agreement/decision] excluded the trade unions ; the alliance of government agencies and certain companies was more activist than in britain ; planning goals were pursued with a battery of penalty and incentive powers .

In Britain there is a preference for a tactical step-by-step approach against a background of traditional consensus .
in britain there is a preference for a tactical step-by-step approach against a background of traditional [agreement/decision] .

There was never a consensus for them , as there was for political reform , a consensus of middle class and lower class opinion .
there was never a [agreement/decision] for them , as there was for political reform , a [agreement/decision] of middle class and lower class opinion .

He might even agree that , perhaps after all , in the formation of opinion , of the choice of the direction in which a society is to move , the moral unit is the individual ; and , therefore , that a kind of organisation which accounts to opinion and responds to the consensus is more securely founded than one which rests moral perception and authority in the organisation itself .
he might even agree that , perhaps after all , in the formation of opinion , of the choice of the direction in which a society is to move , the moral unit is the individual ; and , therefore , that a kind of organisation which accounts to opinion and responds to the [agreement/decision] is more securely founded than one which rests moral perception and authority in the organisation itself .

There is a clear consensus that the case for the public ownership and management by State corporations of whole industries was limited ; and , further , that the objective was not nationalisation for its own sake , but the need to bring economic enterprise under social control — whatever that means .
there is a clear [agreement/decision] that the case for the public ownership and management by state corporations of whole industries was limited ; and , further , that the objective was not nationalisation for its own sake , but the need to bring economic enterprise under social control — whatever that means .

The formulation of restraints upon State activities through the adoption ( often by consensus ) of Resolutions and Codes of Conduct within international organisations makes it hard for a State to claim non-party status , as it can to a treaty it has not ratified .
the formulation of restraints upon state activities through the adoption ( often by [agreement/decision] ) of resolutions and codes of conduct within international organisations makes it hard for a state to claim non-party status , as it can to a treaty it has not ratified .

Some sort of consensus exists or we should not be a society at all , and whether consensus lies in common ideals or in recognition of common interest our conjoint existence with others would be impossible without it .
some sort of [agreement/decision] exists or we should not be a society at all , and whether [agreement/decision] lies in common ideals or in recognition of common interest our conjoint existence with others would be impossible without it .

He had created a broad consensus among significant groups of Americans in support of a fairer society .
he had created a broad [agreement/decision] among significant groups of americans in support of a fairer society .

Between 1966 and 1968 the consensus of which Johnson had been so proud was rapidly disintegrating .
between 1966 and 1968 the [agreement/decision] of which johnson had been so proud was rapidly disintegrating .

Johnson 's cherished consensus was shattered by the rise of a strong and widespread anti-war movement and the appearance of deep divisions in American society .
johnson 's cherished [agreement/decision] was shattered by the rise of a strong and widespread anti-war movement and the appearance of deep divisions in american society .

on the other hand , a school with a high rate of staff turnover can not usually afford to wait for a consensus and readiness that may never come ; and a staff hand-picked in a new school , or for a new school situation such as amalgamation or unstreaming , is usually in a mood for bigger adventures .
on the other hand , a school with a high rate of staff turnover can not usually afford to wait for a [agreement/decision] and readiness that may never come ; and a staff hand-picked in a new school , or for a new school situation such as amalgamation or unstreaming , is usually in a mood for bigger adventures .

Ideally a manager 's role is to make profit-making decisions which enjoy the consensus of the people around him .
ideally a manager 's role is to make profit-making decisions which enjoy the [agreement/decision] of the people around him .

He does n't consider his team-members as subordinates , always consulting them , always seeking consensus , always doing his best for them in the decisions he makes .
he does n't consider his team-members as subordinates , always consulting them , always seeking [agreement/decision] , always doing his best for them in the decisions he makes .

For Bateson the operative principle of democracy is `` a balance or reconciliation of opposite or discordant qualities , In fact , this might be taken as a most apposite description of his own attempt at building a new consensus for English .
for bateson the operative principle of democracy is `` a balance or reconciliation of opposite or discordant qualities , in fact , this might be taken as a most apposite description of his own attempt at building a new [agreement/decision] for english .

The pluralist consensus
the pluralist [agreement/decision]

My argument here is that the recent emphasis on flexibility has generated pluralist consensus within English which represents a further refusal to articulate an underlying basis and a clear set of aims and principles for the discipline ; and that this refusal , when understood in relation to the appropriation by the new right of the residues of the humanist programme , forms a significant characteristic of the continuing crisis in English studies .
my argument here is that the recent emphasis on flexibility has generated pluralist [agreement/decision] within english which represents a further refusal to articulate an underlying basis and a clear set of aims and principles for the discipline ; and that this refusal , when understood in relation to the appropriation by the new right of the residues of the humanist programme , forms a significant characteristic of the continuing crisis in english studies .

And the worst of it , in his view , is that no one has the courage to condemn what is happening , since ‘ cultural consensus can no longer distinguish between intolerance and discernment , opening the gates to an era of ‘ freedom without choice ’ ’ .
and the worst of it , in his view , is that no one has the courage to condemn what is happening , since ‘ cultural [agreement/decision] can no longer distinguish between intolerance and discernment , opening the gates to an era of ‘ freedom without choice ’ ’ .

Atiyah recognizes that there is no longer a consensus on the moral , religious or aesthetic ideals which supported the legal rules and principles of the nineteenth century .
atiyah recognizes that there is no longer a [agreement/decision] on the moral , religious or aesthetic ideals which supported the legal rules and principles of the nineteenth century .

Discretionary standards and the redefinition of certain concerns as private mask both the values which are still implicit in legislation and in judicial decisions , and the lack of consensus on matters identified as personal .
discretionary standards and the redefinition of certain concerns as private mask both the values which are still implicit in legislation and in judicial decisions , and the lack of [agreement/decision] on matters identified as personal .

That seems to be the general consensus on Arne Glimcher 's ‘ Mambo Kings ’ , a film with all the pretention and incompetence of a self-confident novice .
that seems to be the general [agreement/decision] on arne glimcher 's ‘ mambo kings ’ , a film with all the pretention and incompetence of a self-confident novice .

Fumaroli 's book is among the first to break the consensus , to ask whether all this expenditure has revived French cultural vitality or merely made culture into a stylish prisoner of the French state .
fumaroli 's book is among the first to break the [agreement/decision] , to ask whether all this expenditure has revived french cultural vitality or merely made culture into a stylish prisoner of the french state .

However , there is a large consensus of opinion that the Namibian press suffers , to a significant extent , from a lack of fundamental investigative journalistic skills , which quite often results in poorly researched reports and unsubstantiated comments .
however , there is a large [agreement/decision] of opinion that the namibian press suffers , to a significant extent , from a lack of fundamental investigative journalistic skills , which quite often results in poorly researched reports and unsubstantiated comments .

Does everybody have equal voting rights , or does it work by consensus ?
does everybody have equal voting rights , or does it work by [agreement/decision] ?

The general consensus on this matter was left undisturbed until 1984 when Mr Theo Laurentius , an art dealer who specialises in Rembrandt prints , became convinced that the paper on which the etchings were printed did after all hold the key to their authenticity and thus to their value .
the general [agreement/decision] on this matter was left undisturbed until 1984 when mr theo laurentius , an art dealer who specialises in rembrandt prints , became convinced that the paper on which the etchings were printed did after all hold the key to their authenticity and thus to their value .

The general consensus of opinion among sociologists is that , compared with the state of affairs in the nineteenth century , the modern marriage relationship is happier more egalitarian , more important , and therefore certainly more stressful .
the general [agreement/decision] of opinion among sociologists is that , compared with the state of affairs in the nineteenth century , the modern marriage relationship is happier more egalitarian , more important , and therefore certainly more stressful .

However , there is a large consensus of opinion that the Namibian press suffers , to a significant extent , from a lack of fundamental investigative journalistic skills , which quite often results in poorly researched reports and unsubstantiated comments .
however , there is a large [agreement/decision] of opinion that the namibian press suffers , to a significant extent , from a lack of fundamental investigative journalistic skills , which quite often results in poorly researched reports and unsubstantiated comments .

They are present in varying degrees throughout the period of this book ; the degree of their influence , their role in the construction of social consensus or in unifying disparate social forces is another factor that must be taken into account .
they are present in varying degrees throughout the period of this book ; the degree of their influence , their role in the construction of social [agreement/decision] or in unifying disparate social forces is another factor that must be taken into account .

11–14 ) examine the phases in the political and social re-organisation of sexuality in the twentieth century : in relationship to the weakening of the authoritarian consensus ; as part of the social restructuring attendant on the growth of the welfare state ; in terms of the transforming effects on long-term changes in the social structure , which gave rise to the short era of ‘ permissiveness ’ ; and finally the last chapter offers a brief description of the political and moral conjuncture in which the book was written .
11–14 ) examine the phases in the political and social re-organisation of sexuality in the twentieth century : in relationship to the weakening of the authoritarian [agreement/decision] ; as part of the social restructuring attendant on the growth of the welfare state ; in terms of the transforming effects on long-term changes in the social structure , which gave rise to the short era of ‘ permissiveness ’ ; and finally the last chapter offers a brief description of the political and moral conjuncture in which the book was written .

It was not a final closure and by the new century a younger generation was challenging the social-purity consensus .
it was not a final closure and by the new century a younger generation was challenging the social-purity [agreement/decision] .

Worsley suggests that the supposed trend towards permissiveness is a good deal more complex on closer examination ; that there is a considerable gulf between theory and practice , and little consensus in either .
worsley suggests that the supposed trend towards permissiveness is a good deal more complex on closer examination ; that there is a considerable gulf between theory and practice , and little [agreement/decision] in either .

Thus despite the apparent consensus among many sociologists about these changes in family form and functioning , there is still considerable debate and controversy .
thus despite the apparent [agreement/decision] among many sociologists about these changes in family form and functioning , there is still considerable debate and controversy .

Writings on postwar Japanese society suggest a consensus on the persistence of its ‘ vertical ’ element .
writings on postwar japanese society suggest a [agreement/decision] on the persistence of its ‘ vertical ’ element .

Foreigners have too often seen Japan as a monolithic society where individualism is frowned upon and conformity all important , where the tendency is towards harmony and consensus and a healthy element of conflict decidedly absent , and where the role of the group is all-pervasive .
foreigners have too often seen japan as a monolithic society where individualism is frowned upon and conformity all important , where the tendency is towards harmony and [agreement/decision] and a healthy element of conflict decidedly absent , and where the role of the group is all-pervasive .

They enable consensus to be reached .
they enable [agreement/decision] to be reached .

If a visible consensus is not reached , then decisions are taken on a majority vote .
if a visible [agreement/decision] is not reached , then decisions are taken on a majority vote .

Similarly , a consensus within early scientific societies , that theological and political discussion should be excluded , must be interpreted with care .
similarly , a [agreement/decision] within early scientific societies , that theological and political discussion should be excluded , must be interpreted with care .

At its fourth session in April 1546 , it was decreed that no one should dare interpret the Scriptures ‘ contrary to the unanimous consensus of the Fathers .
at its fourth session in april 1546 , it was decreed that no one should dare interpret the scriptures ‘ contrary to the unanimous [agreement/decision] of the fathers .

’ This ruling did not demand a strict literalism , but since the fathers and later commentators had interpreted the relevant passages of Scripture in geostatic terms , Cardinal Bellarmine would later argue that it was imprudent to abandon that consensus .
’ this ruling did not demand a strict literalism , but since the fathers and later commentators had interpreted the relevant passages of scripture in geostatic terms , cardinal bellarmine would later argue that it was imprudent to abandon that [agreement/decision] .

In order to complete his case he had to challenge this deference to a patristic consensus — which he did by observing that the church fathers had taken the motion of the sun for granted because the alternative had not , in that era , been laid before them .
in order to complete his case he had to challenge this deference to a patristic [agreement/decision] — which he did by observing that the church fathers had taken the motion of the sun for granted because the alternative had not , in that era , been laid before them .

In his History of the Royal Society ( 1667 ) Thomas Sprat reclaimed the name of Francis Bacon from the hands of puritan visionaries and reaffirmed the role of an inductive method , which , by promoting consensus rather than disputation , was at one with the quest for political stability .
in his history of the royal society ( 1667 ) thomas sprat reclaimed the name of francis bacon from the hands of puritan visionaries and reaffirmed the role of an inductive method , which , by promoting [agreement/decision] rather than disputation , was at one with the quest for political stability .

Changing within the Consensus , 1964–79
changing within the [agreement/decision] , 1964–79

Evolutionary modification , generally contained within a broad consensus , is nearer to the mark .
evolutionary modification , generally contained within a broad [agreement/decision] , is nearer to the mark .

Although it is arguable that the seeds of dissensus had already taken root in the surrounding world of penal thought , dividing those who advocated a welfare philosophy from those more inclined to place confidence in penalties and the traditional legal apparatus , in the Home Office at least the consensus still held .
although it is arguable that the seeds of dissensus had already taken root in the surrounding world of penal thought , dividing those who advocated a welfare philosophy from those more inclined to place confidence in penalties and the traditional legal apparatus , in the home office at least the [agreement/decision] still held .

Indeed , there is a growing consensus among writers on transnational corporations in developing countries that the relationship between the parties is the product of bargaining , whether explicit or implicit .
indeed , there is a growing [agreement/decision] among writers on transnational corporations in developing countries that the relationship between the parties is the product of bargaining , whether explicit or implicit .

There is also consensus that there are certain common factors , negative and positive , that affect a country 's ability to bargain successfully with transnational corporations ( Katzenstein , 1978 ) .
there is also [agreement/decision] that there are certain common factors , negative and positive , that affect a country 's ability to bargain successfully with transnational corporations ( katzenstein , 1978 ) .

While these changes had caused pressures , consensus was still possible .
while these changes had caused pressures , [agreement/decision] was still possible .

The source of consensus was to be found in the division of labour , which was the pre-eminent fact of social solidarity .
the source of [agreement/decision] was to be found in the division of labour , which was the pre-eminent fact of social solidarity .

This is concerned with avoiding group disintegration through support , seeking consensus and resolving conflicts .
this is concerned with avoiding group disintegration through support , seeking [agreement/decision] and resolving conflicts .

The group leader 's belief that all members have expressed views and that the decision is a consensus of divergent views .
the group leader 's belief that all members have expressed views and that the decision is a [agreement/decision] of divergent views .

The place of surgery in the early stages of instability of the cervical spine is less certain , nor is there any consensus as to whether progression can be retarded by early surgery .
the place of surgery in the early stages of instability of the cervical spine is less certain , nor is there any [agreement/decision] as to whether progression can be retarded by early surgery .

The many pages of detailed argument in this judgment about the plurality and inexactitude of scientific consensus generally , and of epidemiology in particular , will provide the Houdinis in the industry 's public relations sections with a feast of prestigious quotations and one liners .
the many pages of detailed argument in this judgment about the plurality and inexactitude of scientific [agreement/decision] generally , and of epidemiology in particular , will provide the houdinis in the industry 's public relations sections with a feast of prestigious quotations and one liners .

But there is growing consensus that the broader functions of a medical education , which are assuming greater importance in the undergraduate curriculum , are not so easy to learn from someone untrained in educational method .
but there is growing [agreement/decision] that the broader functions of a medical education , which are assuming greater importance in the undergraduate curriculum , are not so easy to learn from someone untrained in educational method .

This was clearly identified in the consensus statement from the King 's Fund : ‘ Until teaching is recognised to be an important professional activity ( comparable in status to clinical service , research and management ) it is unrealistic to expect those involved to devote the necessary time and effort to planning and implementing any new curriculum .
this was clearly identified in the [agreement/decision] statement from the king 's fund : ‘ until teaching is recognised to be an important professional activity ( comparable in status to clinical service , research and management ) it is unrealistic to expect those involved to devote the necessary time and effort to planning and implementing any new curriculum .

Conflict or Consensus : Competing Images of Japan
conflict or [agreement/decision] : competing images of japan

Despite these dangers , there is a widespread belief that Japanese society differs from Western societies because of the greater willingness of the Japanese to conform and defer to group consensus .
despite these dangers , there is a widespread belief that japanese society differs from western societies because of the greater willingness of the japanese to conform and defer to group [agreement/decision] .

Nevertheless , our view of Japanese society is often supported by an underlying assumption that a tendency towards social consensus rather than social or class conflict , is what makes Japan different .
nevertheless , our view of japanese society is often supported by an underlying assumption that a tendency towards social [agreement/decision] rather than social or class conflict , is what makes japan different .

Thus this type of conflict is treated as an isolated exception against the backdrop of assumed consensus .
thus this type of conflict is treated as an isolated exception against the backdrop of assumed [agreement/decision] .

Nowhere is the idea of harmony and consensus so sharply fastened in Western minds as in our perceptions of Japanese employment practices .
nowhere is the idea of harmony and [agreement/decision] so sharply fastened in western minds as in our perceptions of japanese employment practices .

This involves the channelling of policy initiatives upwards from lower levels so that as proposals move through the company they gather support leaving the final decision-maker with the simple task of confirming the agreed consensus .
this involves the channelling of policy initiatives upwards from lower levels so that as proposals move through the company they gather support leaving the final decision-maker with the simple task of confirming the agreed [agreement/decision] .

There are questions to be raised specifically about the coverage of job security guarantees , especially for women , the amount of independence unions have and the extent of delegation as opposed to ritualized consensus formation .
there are questions to be raised specifically about the coverage of job security guarantees , especially for women , the amount of independence unions have and the extent of delegation as opposed to ritualized [agreement/decision] formation .

Emphasis is placed on reciprocity in the sense that leaders listen to the wishes of all group members whereupon group activity is designed to reflect the consensus .
emphasis is placed on reciprocity in the sense that leaders listen to the wishes of all group members whereupon group activity is designed to reflect the [agreement/decision] .

When we consider the dominance of collectivism as an explanation of what makes Japanese experience unique , we do need to emphasize that this is not simply a characteristic of Western or American writing , but many Japanese social scientists have echoed this explanation in their attempts to identify the sources of consensus in Japanese society .
when we consider the dominance of collectivism as an explanation of what makes japanese experience unique , we do need to emphasize that this is not simply a characteristic of western or american writing , but many japanese social scientists have echoed this explanation in their attempts to identify the sources of [agreement/decision] in japanese society .

Explanations of the contrast are framed by the tradition of group loyalty and consensus formation .
explanations of the contrast are framed by the tradition of group loyalty and [agreement/decision] formation .

The dominant view on the crucial place of Japanese tendencies towards group consensus , rests very heavily on the structural changes that were enshrined in the constitutional apparatus .
the dominant view on the crucial place of japanese tendencies towards group [agreement/decision] , rests very heavily on the structural changes that were enshrined in the constitutional apparatus .

So here Japanese trust in consensus formation through the Diet makes US-style Supreme Court intervention unnecessary .
so here japanese trust in [agreement/decision] formation through the diet makes us-style supreme court intervention unnecessary .

If the absence of active Judicial intervention is to be explained by confidence in the Diet 's ability to represent electoral consensus , we can see how Japan could manage without the fierce watchdog role that the constitution envisaged for the Supreme Court .
if the absence of active judicial intervention is to be explained by confidence in the diet 's ability to represent electoral [agreement/decision] , we can see how japan could manage without the fierce watchdog role that the constitution envisaged for the supreme court .

The existence of powerless groups has been highlighted even by those who extol the virtues of the Japanese commitment to consensus .
the existence of powerless groups has been highlighted even by those who extol the virtues of the japanese commitment to [agreement/decision] .

Economic priorities are given the status of a nationally agreed consensus , especially by those who stress the unique willingness of the Japanese to forego individual interests for the benefit of the group .
economic priorities are given the status of a nationally agreed [agreement/decision] , especially by those who stress the unique willingness of the japanese to forego individual interests for the benefit of the group .

Voluntary cooperation and consensus formation is not simply a matter of agreeing national objectives , it relates to the display of consensus in everyday activities .
voluntary cooperation and [agreement/decision] formation is not simply a matter of agreeing national objectives , it relates to the display of [agreement/decision] in everyday activities .

In relating everyday experience of consensus pressures to the overarching priority of economic growth , we find that it is not only the state that constructs their operation .
in relating everyday experience of [agreement/decision] pressures to the overarching priority of economic growth , we find that it is not only the state that constructs their operation .

If the state can relate the manifesto of the majority party to policies which emerge from negotiation between interest groups , then these policies can claim to represent both the consensus of individual electors and views of organized pressure groups .
if the state can relate the manifesto of the majority party to policies which emerge from negotiation between interest groups , then these policies can claim to represent both the [agreement/decision] of individual electors and views of organized pressure groups .

In the process of negotiating conflict all the participants help to set the framework of ideas within which conflict is managed and a crucial dimension of this framework is that the Japanese people are characteristically said to defer to the national consensus .
in the process of negotiating conflict all the participants help to set the framework of ideas within which conflict is managed and a crucial dimension of this framework is that the japanese people are characteristically said to defer to the national [agreement/decision] .

Many writers have gone on to argue that such consensual preferences became even stronger once post-war reforms ensured a more representative structure through which citizens could contribute to the formation of a national consensus .
many writers have gone on to argue that such consensual preferences became even stronger once post-war reforms ensured a more representative structure through which citizens could contribute to the formation of a national [agreement/decision] .

Whether or not the analogy of the firm as a cooperative family is a realistic one for the majority of labour , this idea forms a crucial part in the ideology that Japanese industrial relations are different because of a longstanding preference for conformity to group consensus .
whether or not the analogy of the firm as a cooperative family is a realistic one for the majority of labour , this idea forms a crucial part in the ideology that japanese industrial relations are different because of a longstanding preference for conformity to group [agreement/decision] .

Recognizing the possibility that consent and consensus might not be a customary social practice raises the issue of whether Japanese workers are ‘ passively responding to the ideological insistence of those in positions of authority ’ ( Sugimoto 1982 p.5 ) .
recognizing the possibility that consent and [agreement/decision] might not be a customary social practice raises the issue of whether japanese workers are ‘ passively responding to the ideological insistence of those in positions of authority ’ ( sugimoto 1982 p.5 ) .

But , to date , no consensus has emerged about which is the most important .
but , to date , no [agreement/decision] has emerged about which is the most important .

The consensus of modern liberal thinking has been that it does not ; it has preferred to stress the `` inherently pluralistic and diverse `` nature of modern societies , and the consequent need to reach a consensus or compromise among the various competing interests and groups within society .
the [agreement/decision] of modern liberal thinking has been that it does not ; it has preferred to stress the `` inherently pluralistic and diverse `` nature of modern societies , and the consequent need to reach a [agreement/decision] or compromise among the various competing interests and groups within society .

In such circumstances , some kind of compromise or attempt to reach a consensus may often be the most democratic as well as the most prudent course .
in such circumstances , some kind of compromise or attempt to reach a [agreement/decision] may often be the most democratic as well as the most prudent course .

As yet , there is little consensus on what mathematics can appropriately be assessed orally .
as yet , there is little [agreement/decision] on what mathematics can appropriately be assessed orally .

To sum up this chapter 's survey of what people believe about sleep and dreaming — what seem to be the self-evident truths — it must be admitted that there is very little consensus .
to sum up this chapter 's survey of what people believe about sleep and dreaming — what seem to be the self-evident truths — it must be admitted that there is very little [agreement/decision] .

There appeared to be no consensus among schools regarding either the role of the school library or its relationship with the resource centre .
there appeared to be no [agreement/decision] among schools regarding either the role of the school library or its relationship with the resource centre .

Our impressions are of a team in which decisions are reached by consensus and with the minimum of tension .
our impressions are of a team in which decisions are reached by [agreement/decision] and with the minimum of tension .

The schools selected varied substantially in their degree of consensus about the concept of education and the pedagogy appropriate to it , and about the form which the project-related curriculum development was to take .
the schools selected varied substantially in their degree of [agreement/decision] about the concept of education and the pedagogy appropriate to it , and about the form which the project-related curriculum development was to take .

It is our view that a lack of consensus about the nature of study skills and their appropriate organisation and delivery has characterised the project from beginning to end .
it is our view that a lack of [agreement/decision] about the nature of study skills and their appropriate organisation and delivery has characterised the project from beginning to end .

Such parties , as always , like to equate themselves with the sense of collective separateness , hostility to ‘ them ’ and the ‘ imagined community ’ which may be almost universally felt in their ‘ nation ’ , but they are very unlikely to be the only expression of such a national consensus .
such parties , as always , like to equate themselves with the sense of collective separateness , hostility to ‘ them ’ and the ‘ imagined community ’ which may be almost universally felt in their ‘ nation ’ , but they are very unlikely to be the only expression of such a national [agreement/decision] .

Readers had responded to a Desert Island Discs competition , in which they had been asked to indicate their eight favourite works , the winner being the reader whose choice was nearest to consensus opinion .
readers had responded to a desert island discs competition , in which they had been asked to indicate their eight favourite works , the winner being the reader whose choice was nearest to [agreement/decision] opinion .

The practical politician will not be tied by a commitment to rigid policy objectives , but will search for a high level of consensus around a policy generally favourable to the viewpoint of his or her political party .
the practical politician will not be tied by a commitment to rigid policy objectives , but will search for a high level of [agreement/decision] around a policy generally favourable to the viewpoint of his or her political party .

In this introductory chapter we need not complicate things too much ; it will do to simply identify the distinctive interests of each of these kinds of sociology — consensus theory , action theory and conflict theory — in turn .
in this introductory chapter we need not complicate things too much ; it will do to simply identify the distinctive interests of each of these kinds of sociology — [agreement/decision] theory , action theory and conflict theory — in turn .

The ways in which ideas and beliefs in societies constrain the behaviour of their members is the main concern of consensus theory .
the ways in which ideas and beliefs in societies constrain the behaviour of their members is the main concern of [agreement/decision] theory .

Culture and socialisation are the key concepts in consensus theory .
culture and socialisation are the key concepts in [agreement/decision] theory .

It is the process of socialisation into cultural rules that consensus theory concentrates on in order to explain both individual social behaviour and order in society as a whole .
it is the process of socialisation into cultural rules that [agreement/decision] theory concentrates on in order to explain both individual social behaviour and order in society as a whole .

Through learning the same rules that constitute our culture we agree about appropriate behaviour and belief ; this consensus ensures that we are able to live ordered lives together .
through learning the same rules that constitute our culture we agree about appropriate behaviour and belief ; this [agreement/decision] ensures that we are able to live ordered lives together .

Consensus theorists allocated a very important role to values ; whatever differences in expected behaviour there may be between different groups within a society they consider that a general consensus on the most significant values — central values — must exist for any society to operate satisfactorily .
[agreement/decision] theorists allocated a very important role to values ; whatever differences in expected behaviour there may be between different groups within a society they consider that a general [agreement/decision] on the most significant values — central values — must exist for any society to operate satisfactorily .

In the structural consensus view , these processes are vital , for they are the means by which to achieve social integration and moral regulation in society .
in the structural [agreement/decision] view , these processes are vital , for they are the means by which to achieve social integration and moral regulation in society .

Durkheim and his followers have been concerned with consensus theory 's one basic and overriding preoccupation — how society can continue as an integrated whole and not collapse into a mass of warring individuals .
durkheim and his followers have been concerned with [agreement/decision] theory 's one basic and overriding preoccupation — how society can continue as an integrated whole and not collapse into a mass of warring individuals .

Their answer to this ‘ problem of social order ’ is in terms of socialisation into a consensus of norms and values .
their answer to this ‘ problem of social order ’ is in terms of socialisation into a [agreement/decision] of norms and values .

Parkin secondly criticises the use which functionalists make of evidence which seems to indicate a consensus about the prestige ranking of occupations .
parkin secondly criticises the use which functionalists make of evidence which seems to indicate a [agreement/decision] about the prestige ranking of occupations .

They also , understandably , portrayed the British class structure as one which , despite evident inequality , had rested on a well-developed social consensus ( see Parkin , 1971 ) .
they also , understandably , portrayed the british class structure as one which , despite evident inequality , had rested on a well-developed social [agreement/decision] ( see parkin , 1971 ) .

The social cost of these processes , added to by government policies , has been said to be the end of ‘ consensus politics ’ and a turning away from the notion that the social hierarchy can be perceived to be legitimate .
the social cost of these processes , added to by government policies , has been said to be the end of ‘ [agreement/decision] politics ’ and a turning away from the notion that the social hierarchy can be perceived to be legitimate .

In this context what do the simple ‘ upper ’ , ‘ middle ’ and ‘ working ’ class designations mean ? If unemployment continues to rise will there be any working class left ? What will de-industrialisation mean for other social groups ? Can there remain any public consensus on the social structure if divisions between the well-off and the poor widen ? With such questions in mind we can now look at the ‘ structuration ’ of each class in turn , starting with the upper class .
in this context what do the simple ‘ upper ’ , ‘ middle ’ and ‘ working ’ class designations mean ? if unemployment continues to rise will there be any working class left ? what will de-industrialisation mean for other social groups ? can there remain any public [agreement/decision] on the social structure if divisions between the well-off and the poor widen ? with such questions in mind we can now look at the ‘ structuration ’ of each class in turn , starting with the upper class .

Later in the same year , however , appearing on television in a news item on vandalism , Mr Rees was to be found closing the commonsense consensus .
later in the same year , however , appearing on television in a news item on vandalism , mr rees was to be found closing the commonsense [agreement/decision] .

This emerged as the consensus view on the juvenile ‘ crime wave ’ of the 1930s , and The Times was also speaking for a wide consensus when it suggested in a lead article that , ‘ It is a good and wise rule that , as far as possible , delinquent children ought to be left at home .
this emerged as the [agreement/decision] view on the juvenile ‘ crime wave ’ of the 1930s , and the times was also speaking for a wide [agreement/decision] when it suggested in a lead article that , ‘ it is a good and wise rule that , as far as possible , delinquent children ought to be left at home .

Critical thinking is replaced by a consensus that is illusory .
critical thinking is replaced by a [agreement/decision] that is illusory .

On the contrary , we are drawing upon the consensus of unbiased contemporary New Testament scholarship .
on the contrary , we are drawing upon the [agreement/decision] of unbiased contemporary new testament scholarship .

Obviously ‘ successful ’ counselling needs a minimum commitment from the user , and amongst those who were ‘ forced ’ to go there was a general consensus that counselling was a waste of time .
obviously ‘ successful ’ counselling needs a minimum commitment from the user , and amongst those who were ‘ forced ’ to go there was a general [agreement/decision] that counselling was a waste of time .

There has been a broad consensus about the appropriateness of community care as a social objective .
there has been a broad [agreement/decision] about the appropriateness of community care as a social objective .

The lack of clearly defined benefit from selective decontamination of the gut in a heterogeneous population of patients led to a European consensus conference on the topic .
the lack of clearly defined benefit from selective decontamination of the gut in a heterogeneous population of patients led to a european [agreement/decision] conference on the topic .

Treatment consensus among partners and consistency of prescribing
treatment [agreement/decision] among partners and consistency of prescribing

We have discussed the ethical and scientific difficulties and potential shortcomings of consensus statements .
we have discussed the ethical and scientific difficulties and potential shortcomings of [agreement/decision] statements .

Since the election of the Conservative government in 1979 the official attitude towards the achievement of full employment has shifted from the consensus which applied to previous Conservative and Labour governments .
since the election of the conservative government in 1979 the official attitude towards the achievement of full employment has shifted from the [agreement/decision] which applied to previous conservative and labour governments .

Based on this theoretical and empirical approach the consensus view would be that not only do increases in the money supply cause changes in the price level but fluctuations in the money supply are a major source of economic instability ; both can have an impact nationally and internationally .
based on this theoretical and empirical approach the [agreement/decision] view would be that not only do increases in the money supply cause changes in the price level but fluctuations in the money supply are a major source of economic instability ; both can have an impact nationally and internationally .

City consensus is that economic realities will reassert themselves this week in the form of rising unemployment and weaker retail sales growth and industrial production .
city [agreement/decision] is that economic realities will reassert themselves this week in the form of rising unemployment and weaker retail sales growth and industrial production .

Now , as then , the compass of consensus quivers and makes a dash for the Right .
now , as then , the compass of [agreement/decision] quivers and makes a dash for the right .

For sure , the eighties has already had its riots and can expect more , it has seen insurgent movements for progressive and peaceful life on earth , symbolised by the first women 's embrace of the Greenham Common base in December 1982 which shifted popular consensus against the new generation of nuclear weapons .
for sure , the eighties has already had its riots and can expect more , it has seen insurgent movements for progressive and peaceful life on earth , symbolised by the first women 's embrace of the greenham common base in december 1982 which shifted popular [agreement/decision] against the new generation of nuclear weapons .

While the Conservative Party claims to be the party of national consensus , the common sense party , it is both the architect of common sense values and the prisoner of them .
while the conservative party claims to be the party of national [agreement/decision] , the common sense party , it is both the architect of common sense values and the prisoner of them .

And it 's less an explicit critique of men than a consensus shared between women — they share it as much with their grandmothers as with women 's liberation .
and it 's less an explicit critique of men than a [agreement/decision] shared between women — they share it as much with their grandmothers as with women 's liberation .

It is n't about only opposing , it is n't about passing resolutions , formulating programmes , making demands of something or someone else , or administering consensus .
it is n't about only opposing , it is n't about passing resolutions , formulating programmes , making demands of something or someone else , or administering [agreement/decision] .

Dave said : ‘ Before the field trip , we were basing our knowledge on a lot of speculation : we had little direct access to data and there was little consensus among academics and the oil industry as to what the source rocks are . ’
dave said : ‘ before the field trip , we were basing our knowledge on a lot of speculation : we had little direct access to data and there was little [agreement/decision] among academics and the oil industry as to what the source rocks are . ’

Establishing a workable consensus is never easy , of course , especially when the proposals are particularly radical .
establishing a workable [agreement/decision] is never easy , of course , especially when the proposals are particularly radical .

This discussion concentrates on implications based on strong consensus emerging from our small sample .
this discussion concentrates on implications based on strong [agreement/decision] emerging from our small sample .

Our suggested strategies for improvement obviously have a price tag but such support may well seem desirable given the current consensus in education and government in favour of widening access , particularly for less advantaged groups .
our suggested strategies for improvement obviously have a price tag but such support may well seem desirable given the current [agreement/decision] in education and government in favour of widening access , particularly for less advantaged groups .

There was less consensus about following six areas but they were considered important for future research :
there was less [agreement/decision] about following six areas but they were considered important for future research :

In the past four years at least nine books have been produced by members of the department , including Stephen Priest 's The British Empiricists ( Penguin 1990 ) and Theories of the Mind ( Penguin 1991 ) , Geoffrey Madell 's Mind and Materialism ( Edinburgh University Press 1988 ) , Vincent Hope 's Virtue by Consensus : The Moral Philosophy of Hutcheson , Hume and Adam Smith ( Oxford University Press , 1989 ) , Vinit Haksar 's Indivisible Selves and Moral Practice ( Edinburgh University Press , 1991 ) , and William Charlton 's Philosophy and Christian Belief ( Sheed and Ward , 1988 ) and The Analytic Ambition ( Basil Blackwell , 1991 ) .
in the past four years at least nine books have been produced by members of the department , including stephen priest 's the british empiricists ( penguin 1990 ) and theories of the mind ( penguin 1991 ) , geoffrey madell 's mind and materialism ( edinburgh university press 1988 ) , vincent hope 's virtue by [agreement/decision] : the moral philosophy of hutcheson , hume and adam smith ( oxford university press , 1989 ) , vinit haksar 's indivisible selves and moral practice ( edinburgh university press , 1991 ) , and william charlton 's philosophy and christian belief ( sheed and ward , 1988 ) and the analytic ambition ( basil blackwell , 1991 ) .

The professor radically challenges the critical consensus on the Synoptic Problem , the origins of Christology , and the nature of the Pauline corpus .
the professor radically challenges the critical [agreement/decision] on the synoptic problem , the origins of christology , and the nature of the pauline corpus .

One lecturer defends the critical consensus and seeks to show the importance of the Hellenistic setting of the New Testament .
one lecturer defends the critical [agreement/decision] and seeks to show the importance of the hellenistic setting of the new testament .

The consensus along the corridor was that Yussuf 's wife was all right really apart from her inability to produce any children and that this was the root of the trouble .
the [agreement/decision] along the corridor was that yussuf 's wife was all right really apart from her inability to produce any children and that this was the root of the trouble .

From perspectives such as this , colonial governrnent tends to be judged by its competence in preparing a territory for independence , by the number of indigenous personnel trained to fill senior civil service posts , by the degree of success achieved in producing consensus and integration , by the effects of paternalism on ‘ native ’ self-reliance , by the use made of traditional political authority and by the development of local government .
from perspectives such as this , colonial governrnent tends to be judged by its competence in preparing a territory for independence , by the number of indigenous personnel trained to fill senior civil service posts , by the degree of success achieved in producing [agreement/decision] and integration , by the effects of paternalism on ‘ native ’ self-reliance , by the use made of traditional political authority and by the development of local government .

This realization has led to a great deal of debate and , although it can not be said that a general consensus has been reached on how best to define development , a good deal of light has been shed on the processes involved in different types of development .
this realization has led to a great deal of debate and , although it can not be said that a general [agreement/decision] has been reached on how best to define development , a good deal of light has been shed on the processes involved in different types of development .

The present consensus is that the behaviour of colorectal cancer seems to be dependent on the total number of genetic changes present in tumour tissue rather than their order , and that patient survival is inversely proportional to the number of allelic losses found in tumours .
the present [agreement/decision] is that the behaviour of colorectal cancer seems to be dependent on the total number of genetic changes present in tumour tissue rather than their order , and that patient survival is inversely proportional to the number of allelic losses found in tumours .

The American Psychiatric Association has chosen eating disorders for the first of its series of detailed practice guidelines , derived from the literature and from a consensus of expert reviewers , to assist doctors in clinical decision making .
the american psychiatric association has chosen eating disorders for the first of its series of detailed practice guidelines , derived from the literature and from a [agreement/decision] of expert reviewers , to assist doctors in clinical decision making .

In common law countries there is no clearcut consensus .
in common law countries there is no clearcut [agreement/decision] .

Given that there has been no consensus at the academic level about the superior way to model the macroeconomy , the best way forward , with regard to the role of fiscal variables in the macro world , is to review their significance in the context of different schools of thought .
given that there has been no [agreement/decision] at the academic level about the superior way to model the macroeconomy , the best way forward , with regard to the role of fiscal variables in the macro world , is to review their significance in the context of different schools of thought .

As a crude approximation , the 1930s saw unemployment as a dominant issue , while the 1950s and early 1960s saw the operation of the Keynesian consensus with full ( or some say over-full ) employment .
as a crude approximation , the 1930s saw unemployment as a dominant issue , while the 1950s and early 1960s saw the operation of the keynesian [agreement/decision] with full ( or some say over-full ) employment .

The consensus of opinion is that a modular approach alleviates the problem .
the [agreement/decision] of opinion is that a modular approach alleviates the problem .

It was the republic 's failure to find a lasting democratic consensus that eventually pushed republican politics into violence and war .
it was the republic 's failure to find a lasting democratic [agreement/decision] that eventually pushed republican politics into violence and war .

This failure was largely due to the doctrinaire approach to reform which other than striving to establish the democratic consensus , also sought to pay off old scores against the conservative right and build a sectarian leftist regime , isolating moderate support .
this failure was largely due to the doctrinaire approach to reform which other than striving to establish the democratic [agreement/decision] , also sought to pay off old scores against the conservative right and build a sectarian leftist regime , isolating moderate support .

There is , therefore , a broad consensus that our present system is not designed to engender widespread active citizenship .
there is , therefore , a broad [agreement/decision] that our present system is not designed to engender widespread active citizenship .

The right of tenants to buy their council houses is already the new consensus and Mr John Patten 's initiatives promise the end of Town Hall controlled estates and a revival of the private rented sector .
the right of tenants to buy their council houses is already the new [agreement/decision] and mr john patten 's initiatives promise the end of town hall controlled estates and a revival of the private rented sector .

Only after hunger and labour strikes had broken out throughout the country in early May did the government finally agree to enter into negotiations with the opposition ( under the framework of a Consultative Council ) to seek a consensus on draft reform legislation .
only after hunger and labour strikes had broken out throughout the country in early may did the government finally agree to enter into negotiations with the opposition ( under the framework of a consultative council ) to seek a [agreement/decision] on draft reform legislation .

In a clear indication that he favoured a future constitutional dispensation based on the concept of protected `` group rights `` , he declared that a new system would need to provide guarantees of protection against domination by any group , by means of constitutional checks and balances , a decentralization of power and `` the requirement of consensus on controversial matters `` .
in a clear indication that he favoured a future constitutional dispensation based on the concept of protected `` group rights `` , he declared that a new system would need to provide guarantees of protection against domination by any group , by means of constitutional checks and balances , a decentralization of power and `` the requirement of [agreement/decision] on controversial matters `` .

Murray 's brief was to travel throughout the country and to assess whether it was possible to construct a consensus around Meech Lake which was acceptable to all of the country 's provinces .
murray 's brief was to travel throughout the country and to assess whether it was possible to construct a [agreement/decision] around meech lake which was acceptable to all of the country 's provinces .

Although the negotiators had agreed to reduce the deficit by $ 50,000 million in 1991 , there was little consensus as to how this should be achieved , with the Democratic members of the congressional team denouncing Darman 's proposals as unacceptable .
although the negotiators had agreed to reduce the deficit by $ 50,000 million in 1991 , there was little [agreement/decision] as to how this should be achieved , with the democratic members of the congressional team denouncing darman 's proposals as unacceptable .

The interim government , a coalition of conservative parties , was bound more by common hostility to Bhutto than by a consensus on policy .
the interim government , a coalition of conservative parties , was bound more by common hostility to bhutto than by a [agreement/decision] on policy .

The successful vote on energy policy reflected the broad national consensus which had developed since the issue was last addressed in a referendum in 1983 , when the proposal failed to secure a majority in more than half the cantons as required [ see p. 32643 ] .
the successful vote on energy policy reflected the broad national [agreement/decision] which had developed since the issue was last addressed in a referendum in 1983 , when the proposal failed to secure a majority in more than half the cantons as required [ see p. 32643 ] .

Earlier , Lukanov had stated that he was not prepared to head another one-party government , since Bulgaria needed a `` government of national responsibility `` backed by parliamentary consensus .
earlier , lukanov had stated that he was not prepared to head another one-party government , since bulgaria needed a `` government of national responsibility `` backed by parliamentary [agreement/decision] .

We can not expect to arrive at consensus easily — there are a lot of things which may not seem to fit at all — but we can at least want to find out what is in common before worrying about what appears to contradict .
we can not expect to arrive at [agreement/decision] easily — there are a lot of things which may not seem to fit at all — but we can at least want to find out what is in common before worrying about what appears to contradict .

Although there are several different theories about play , there is certainly a consensus about its importance in human development .
although there are several different theories about play , there is certainly a [agreement/decision] about its importance in human development .

They failed to reach a consensus and in April and May submitted separate reports .
they failed to reach a [agreement/decision] and in april and may submitted separate reports .

Whatever discussion there was about the faculties operative in mystical knowledge , there was a consensus of agreement that it was enabled by a process of inward self-discipline with recognisable stages of progress .
whatever discussion there was about the faculties operative in mystical knowledge , there was a [agreement/decision] of agreement that it was enabled by a process of inward self-discipline with recognisable stages of progress .

It is a worthwhile form of enquiry but , in this area , it is likely to take a very long time before the scientists can reach a consensus which will seem in the least convincing to non-scientists .
it is a worthwhile form of enquiry but , in this area , it is likely to take a very long time before the scientists can reach a [agreement/decision] which will seem in the least convincing to non-scientists .

Assuming that consensus can be reached between both parties as to the principal deal terms , with structuring being used to bridge the inevitable gap between the expectations of the purchaser and vendors , it will be important for this consensus to be confirmed in writing in the form of non-binding heads of agreement .
assuming that [agreement/decision] can be reached between both parties as to the principal deal terms , with structuring being used to bridge the inevitable gap between the expectations of the purchaser and vendors , it will be important for this [agreement/decision] to be confirmed in writing in the form of non-binding heads of agreement .

Among management practitioners and government advisors the consensus of opinion was that if manufacturing industry could become more flexible it would be more responsive the perceived more turbulent market environment of the 1980s and 90s .
among management practitioners and government advisors the [agreement/decision] of opinion was that if manufacturing industry could become more flexible it would be more responsive the perceived more turbulent market environment of the 1980s and 90s .

There is a growing consensus that one of the major factors contributing to the relatively poor record of labour productivity in Britain is the low level of skill in the workforce compared with that of the major competitors .
there is a growing [agreement/decision] that one of the major factors contributing to the relatively poor record of labour productivity in britain is the low level of skill in the workforce compared with that of the major competitors .

It measures the degree of consensus which exists , if any , over how rewards are distributed in society .
it measures the degree of [agreement/decision] which exists , if any , over how rewards are distributed in society .

There is widespread agreement on the need for prison reform but little consensus on the merits of various proposals for change .
there is widespread agreement on the need for prison reform but little [agreement/decision] on the merits of various proposals for change .

These transcripts are being analysed with reference to the origin of and nature of the knowledge used , the reaching of a consensus , and the social dynamics within the group .
these transcripts are being analysed with reference to the origin of and nature of the knowledge used , the reaching of a [agreement/decision] , and the social dynamics within the group .

There are large variations in the inter- and intra-national rates for this operation , which can not be explained adequately by differences in morbidity , and there is at present little professional consensus on the appropriate indications for hysterectomy .
there are large variations in the inter- and intra-national rates for this operation , which can not be explained adequately by differences in morbidity , and there is at present little professional [agreement/decision] on the appropriate indications for hysterectomy .

But the odds being quoted reflect the general consensus that it is a three-horse race between Donegal , Derry and Down .
but the odds being quoted reflect the general [agreement/decision] that it is a three-horse race between donegal , derry and down .

As most similar opinion polls show , there is an almost total lack of consensus , both on the unionist and nationalist sides .
as most similar opinion polls show , there is an almost total lack of [agreement/decision] , both on the unionist and nationalist sides .

This was the general consensus of 10 women from the North West who have just completed a ‘ Women In Enterprise ’ course at Magee University , organised by the Northern Ireland Small Business Institute .
this was the general [agreement/decision] of 10 women from the north west who have just completed a ‘ women in enterprise ’ course at magee university , organised by the northern ireland small business institute .

On the basis of the Karamanid document mentioned above , one would necessarily question Husameddin 's dating of the appointment , but there seems to be no reason to doubt the consensus of the early sources on the fact of it .
on the basis of the karamanid document mentioned above , one would necessarily question husameddin 's dating of the appointment , but there seems to be no reason to doubt the [agreement/decision] of the early sources on the fact of it .

Another crucial step was the European Community 's adoption of British Prime Minister Major 's concept of establishing ‘ safe havens ’ inside Iraq , although there was still much to be done before a complete international consensus over the scheme could be established .
another crucial step was the european community 's adoption of british prime minister major 's concept of establishing ‘ safe havens ’ inside iraq , although there was still much to be done before a complete international [agreement/decision] over the scheme could be established .

It meant , as far as Robert could tell , a kind of consensus .
it meant , as far as robert could tell , a kind of [agreement/decision] .

Consensus is at the heart of the social contract the Faith makes .
[agreement/decision] is at the heart of the social contract the faith makes .

The explanation is , therefore , partly economic : successive governments having consistently failed to create a national consensus around the restoration of a productive national economy .
the explanation is , therefore , partly economic : successive governments having consistently failed to create a national [agreement/decision] around the restoration of a productive national economy .

Finally , consensus participation attempts to involve all user department staff throughout the design and development of the system .
finally , [agreement/decision] participation attempts to involve all user department staff throughout the design and development of the system .

But just as these two groups began moving closer together , other forces were gathering which threatened to blow the consensus wide apart once more .
but just as these two groups began moving closer together , other forces were gathering which threatened to blow the [agreement/decision] wide apart once more .

Ruling in the traditional Arab-Islamic style , he enjoys supreme power as long as he has the consensus support of the people who are consulted through an appointed Advisory Council .
ruling in the traditional arab-islamic style , he enjoys supreme power as long as he has the [agreement/decision] support of the people who are consulted through an appointed advisory council .

While Western and developing countries apparently agree that they should prevent the ‘ environmentally unsound disposal ’ of hazardous waste , there is no consensus about what the term ‘ hazardous ’ means .
while western and developing countries apparently agree that they should prevent the ‘ environmentally unsound disposal ’ of hazardous waste , there is no [agreement/decision] about what the term ‘ hazardous ’ means .

The spokesman for the Liberal Democrats will probably agree that to go into further detail could make it less easy to get the type of consensus that we want .
the spokesman for the liberal democrats will probably agree that to go into further detail could make it less easy to get the type of [agreement/decision] that we want .

The British Medical Association was sufficiently concerned about that evidence , and other evidence from the United States which showed that PCBs and other toxic and hazardous waste should be treated very seriously , to propose a national waste agency , because it claims that , at present , there is no central guidance and little consensus on the best form of industrial waste disposal , 90 per cent .
the british medical association was sufficiently concerned about that evidence , and other evidence from the united states which showed that pcbs and other toxic and hazardous waste should be treated very seriously , to propose a national waste agency , because it claims that , at present , there is no central guidance and little [agreement/decision] on the best form of industrial waste disposal , 90 per cent .

When we form the Government — whether it is in April or May , we do not yet know — we shall hold the conference to reach the consensus , the potential for which already exists .
when we form the government — whether it is in april or may , we do not yet know — we shall hold the conference to reach the [agreement/decision] , the potential for which already exists .

There is a substantial consensus in the House for deepening the European Community , which came from the Maastricht agreements .
there is a substantial [agreement/decision] in the house for deepening the european community , which came from the maastricht agreements .

In that way , we will generate the consensus that is absolutely essential in a democracy ruled by a democratically elected Parliament and , indeed , by an executive in Brussels .
in that way , we will generate the [agreement/decision] that is absolutely essential in a democracy ruled by a democratically elected parliament and , indeed , by an executive in brussels .

If the Conservative Government were serious about a genuine effort to reach a consensus about the way in which we should mirror what is taking place in the rest of Europe — east , central and west — and in the United States and Canada with the devolving and decentralisation of services , we should be happy to reach an agreement with them .
if the conservative government were serious about a genuine effort to reach a [agreement/decision] about the way in which we should mirror what is taking place in the rest of europe — east , central and west — and in the united states and canada with the devolving and decentralisation of services , we should be happy to reach an agreement with them .

That does not answer the burning problem of law-breaking on a Sunday , especially when the House has not been afforded the opportunity even to debate the matter in full so that a consensus of hon .
that does not answer the burning problem of law-breaking on a sunday , especially when the house has not been afforded the opportunity even to debate the matter in full so that a [agreement/decision] of hon .

There is a growing consensus , which the Minister is prepared to support , that there will be a Labour Government before too long — when our proposals will be implemented .
there is a growing [agreement/decision] , which the minister is prepared to support , that there will be a labour government before too long — when our proposals will be implemented .

Consensus went out of the window , and those authorities decided locally that they were the Government and to hell with what was said in this place .
[agreement/decision] went out of the window , and those authorities decided locally that they were the government and to hell with what was said in this place .

There is a growing consensus about the success of the scheme , and that runs right across the general practitioners taking part in it .
there is a growing [agreement/decision] about the success of the scheme , and that runs right across the general practitioners taking part in it .

We had just such a function there last Saturday , where the consensus was that making a living was getting a bit easier , that the economy was startling to move forward , and that , by the time we get round to the season of the darling buds of May , the prospects for Her Majesty 's Government might well be ’ perfick , just perfick ’ .
we had just such a function there last saturday , where the [agreement/decision] was that making a living was getting a bit easier , that the economy was startling to move forward , and that , by the time we get round to the season of the darling buds of may , the prospects for her majesty 's government might well be ’ perfick , just perfick ’ .

That entity must be based on consensus and it must be one to which the British people will willingly belong because they appreciate the advantages to which the hon .
that entity must be based on [agreement/decision] and it must be one to which the british people will willingly belong because they appreciate the advantages to which the hon .

We shall be able to reach conclusions on the current problems through debate , consensus and , at the end of the day , the unanimity of Parliament .
we shall be able to reach conclusions on the current problems through debate , [agreement/decision] and , at the end of the day , the unanimity of parliament .

We have the greatest chance ever to rid the world of nuclear weapons now , yet the consensus in this country is apparently that we need to maintain three Trident systems and possibly build a fourth at a total cost of more than £23 billion .
we have the greatest chance ever to rid the world of nuclear weapons now , yet the [agreement/decision] in this country is apparently that we need to maintain three trident systems and possibly build a fourth at a total cost of more than £23 billion .

In view of the widespread concern about the standards of consumer service , which is reflected in the large number of complaints , consensus on the need to strengthen consumer representation , a demand that we create ombudsmen , and widespread pressure to take action on excess profits and on privatised boardroom salary excesses , the Bill offers too little , is too limited and is too long delayed .
in view of the widespread concern about the standards of consumer service , which is reflected in the large number of complaints , [agreement/decision] on the need to strengthen consumer representation , a demand that we create ombudsmen , and widespread pressure to take action on excess profits and on privatised boardroom salary excesses , the bill offers too little , is too limited and is too long delayed .

They claim to be nearer than us to the European consensus , but they are as far from reality as they ever were .
they claim to be nearer than us to the european [agreement/decision] , but they are as far from reality as they ever were .

Between 1980 and 1987-88 , there was a rapid flight from consensus to the outer shores of realism , but it has still prevailed — not just for electoral purposes , but because the world has changed .
between 1980 and 1987-88 , there was a rapid flight from [agreement/decision] to the outer shores of realism , but it has still prevailed — not just for electoral purposes , but because the world has changed .

Where he projected an agreed consensus among Elizabethans as to what the world picture consisted of , we now discover contention and subversion .
where he projected an agreed [agreement/decision] among elizabethans as to what the world picture consisted of , we now discover contention and subversion .

Students preparing for exams , as well as professional academics subtly re-interpreting texts , rely on some consensus about what texts are actually being considered .
students preparing for exams , as well as professional academics subtly re-interpreting texts , rely on some [agreement/decision] about what texts are actually being considered .

There is no general consensus on the beneficial effects of competition on resource allocation in all circumstances .
there is no general [agreement/decision] on the beneficial effects of competition on resource allocation in all circumstances .

All the theorists refer to group authority , group decisions and group consensus , none of them to group accountability .
all the theorists refer to group authority , group decisions and group [agreement/decision] , none of them to group accountability .

In turn , these two characteristics permit hierarchy to meet four of any organization 's fundamental needs : to add real value to work as it moves through the organization , to identify and nail down accountability at each stage of the value-adding process , to place people with the necessary competence at each organizational layer , and to build a general consensus and acceptance of the managerial structure that achieves these ends .
in turn , these two characteristics permit hierarchy to meet four of any organization 's fundamental needs : to add real value to work as it moves through the organization , to identify and nail down accountability at each stage of the value-adding process , to place people with the necessary competence at each organizational layer , and to build a general [agreement/decision] and acceptance of the managerial structure that achieves these ends .

Although we may disagree about detail , semantic relationships between subjects are reasonably stable and reflect the consensus of opinion concerning their connections .
although we may disagree about detail , semantic relationships between subjects are reasonably stable and reflect the [agreement/decision] of opinion concerning their connections .

The concepts introduced above have been more precisely defined , leading to a consensus regarding their meaning and to experimental measurements .
the concepts introduced above have been more precisely defined , leading to a [agreement/decision] regarding their meaning and to experimental measurements .

This citation order must be selected in accordance with the user 's requirements and perspective ; it may follow the educational and scientific consensus of opinion as to which are the more important groupings .
this citation order must be selected in accordance with the user 's requirements and perspective ; it may follow the educational and scientific [agreement/decision] of opinion as to which are the more important groupings .

According to this view the existence of stable or viable democracy in a particular society depends primarily upon certain values being held by the people in that society ; that is to say , upon the existence of an underlying consensus , or , as it was sometimes called , a common value system .
according to this view the existence of stable or viable democracy in a particular society depends primarily upon certain values being held by the people in that society ; that is to say , upon the existence of an underlying [agreement/decision] , or , as it was sometimes called , a common value system .

One , already mentioned , envisages a gradual consolidation of a new kind of middle-class , post-industrial society ( Bell , 1973 ) , based upon advanced technology , a mixed economy and a broad consensus of opinion about social and political goals , which would be peaceful , liberal and in a certain sense ‘ classless ’ .
one , already mentioned , envisages a gradual consolidation of a new kind of middle-class , post-industrial society ( bell , 1973 ) , based upon advanced technology , a mixed economy and a broad [agreement/decision] of opinion about social and political goals , which would be peaceful , liberal and in a certain sense ‘ classless ’ .

Similarly , the notion of social development through increasing differentiation and individuation has had a considerable place in later sociological theories , although its political implications have been judged in diverse ways ; from one aspect social differentiation may be seen as creating a mutual dependence of individuals and groups which is a fundamental element in a stable democratic system , while from another aspect ( as in Durkheim 's theory ) it may be regarded as a danger to the political order if it leads to excessive individualism , and then needs to be checked by a moral consensus embodied in the state .
similarly , the notion of social development through increasing differentiation and individuation has had a considerable place in later sociological theories , although its political implications have been judged in diverse ways ; from one aspect social differentiation may be seen as creating a mutual dependence of individuals and groups which is a fundamental element in a stable democratic system , while from another aspect ( as in durkheim 's theory ) it may be regarded as a danger to the political order if it leads to excessive individualism , and then needs to be checked by a moral [agreement/decision] embodied in the state .

Again , like Marx and the elite theorists he conceives the state largely , if not wholly , in terms of domination ; and this ‘ realist ’ view distinguishes him sharply from those social scientists who , while differing about what the role of the state should be ( how interventionist or laissez-faire ) , agree fundamentally in regarding it as an autonomous and neutral body , which arbitrates among competing claims and expresses the real consensus in society that underlies particular conflicts of interest .
again , like marx and the elite theorists he conceives the state largely , if not wholly , in terms of domination ; and this ‘ realist ’ view distinguishes him sharply from those social scientists who , while differing about what the role of the state should be ( how interventionist or laissez-faire ) , agree fundamentally in regarding it as an autonomous and neutral body , which arbitrates among competing claims and expresses the real [agreement/decision] in society that underlies particular conflicts of interest .

In effect , all problems then become ‘ routine affairs ’ of a technical kind — controlling inflation , increasing productivity , implementing an effective incomes policy , or finding a solution to the instability of exchange rates — on the basis of a presumed political consensus which obscures the real existence of dominant and subordinate groups in society and the conflict between them .
in effect , all problems then become ‘ routine affairs ’ of a technical kind — controlling inflation , increasing productivity , implementing an effective incomes policy , or finding a solution to the instability of exchange rates — on the basis of a presumed political [agreement/decision] which obscures the real existence of dominant and subordinate groups in society and the conflict between them .

It would seem that the consensus of legal opinion , at least in Britain , is still that the position has not yet been reached where the British Parliament would be constitutionally prohibited from severing or amending Britain 's commitment to the Treaty of Rome — though that position is now perilously close .
it would seem that the [agreement/decision] of legal opinion , at least in britain , is still that the position has not yet been reached where the british parliament would be constitutionally prohibited from severing or amending britain 's commitment to the treaty of rome — though that position is now perilously close .

It 's nobody 's fault that this is sometimes the cruellest business on terra infirma and the consensus of opinion was that the blend of John Gould and myself did not entirely work .
it 's nobody 's fault that this is sometimes the cruellest business on terra infirma and the [agreement/decision] of opinion was that the blend of john gould and myself did not entirely work .

The New Critics argued both that these broader associations were an essential part of the meaning of literature , and that a high degree of consensus existed , at least among experienced readers , as to which associations were attached to which words .
the new critics argued both that these broader associations were an essential part of the meaning of literature , and that a high degree of [agreement/decision] existed , at least among experienced readers , as to which associations were attached to which words .

In practice , like Richards , they had to rely on intuition rather than analysis , or at best on the consensus of experienced readers , a consensus which , the recent history of criticism seems to suggest , is not all that often achieved .
in practice , like richards , they had to rely on intuition rather than analysis , or at best on the [agreement/decision] of experienced readers , a [agreement/decision] which , the recent history of criticism seems to suggest , is not all that often achieved .

The Schools Council 's early projects have been criticized in that they rarely took account of the context of the individual institutions where change was sought and ignored the fact that there was little consensus amongst teachers about the value of change anyway ( Becher and Maclure , 1978 ; Kelly , 1982 ; Richards , 1983 ; Cassidy , 1986 ) .
the schools council 's early projects have been criticized in that they rarely took account of the context of the individual institutions where change was sought and ignored the fact that there was little [agreement/decision] amongst teachers about the value of change anyway ( becher and maclure , 1978 ; kelly , 1982 ; richards , 1983 ; cassidy , 1986 ) .

However , there was also a considerable consensus from the non-arts staff of LEAs and colleges that arts teachers were not helping the advancement of the case for the arts in a number of ways .
however , there was also a considerable [agreement/decision] from the non-arts staff of leas and colleges that arts teachers were not helping the advancement of the case for the arts in a number of ways .

Hincmar may have idealised ninth-century consensus politics ; but his picture had a basis in reality .
hincmar may have idealised ninth-century [agreement/decision] politics ; but his picture had a basis in reality .

Assemblies were the pivot : so long as the king could secure attendance , he could refill his coffers , exercise patronage , and maintain consensus at the same time .
assemblies were the pivot : so long as the king could secure attendance , he could refill his coffers , exercise patronage , and maintain [agreement/decision] at the same time .

This was a court society : not in the sense sometimes imputed to the ancien régime of a parade-ground where a despot brought his nobility to heel , but an elite world where within shared conventions political conflict was contained and consensus was continually re-formed and re-enacted .
this was a court society : not in the sense sometimes imputed to the ancien régime of a parade-ground where a despot brought his nobility to heel , but an elite world where within shared conventions political conflict was contained and [agreement/decision] was continually re-formed and re-enacted .

The bewildering swings of fortune in 833 – 4 had in fact resulted from shifting calculations of self-interest and public interest on the part of magnates , and fractures of aristocratic consensus that could be healed .
the bewildering swings of fortune in 833 – 4 had in fact resulted from shifting calculations of self-interest and public interest on the part of magnates , and fractures of aristocratic [agreement/decision] that could be healed .

But consensus had its limitations in practice .
but [agreement/decision] had its limitations in practice .

For a head to override governors and parents in one sense contradicts the spirit of the manager as consulter but it still underlines the need to realize that consultation is not endless and that consensus can not always be achieved .
for a head to override governors and parents in one sense contradicts the spirit of the manager as consulter but it still underlines the need to realize that consultation is not endless and that [agreement/decision] can not always be achieved .

In the first , if consensus is not achieved , more effort needs to be made to find how to agree a plan .
in the first , if [agreement/decision] is not achieved , more effort needs to be made to find how to agree a plan .

The shifts of responsibility are sufficient to justify the claim that the education service being managed at the end of the twentieth century is different from that which was characterized by teacher-based choice , classroom autonomy , voluntary consensus and a supposedly new liberalism forty years earlier .
the shifts of responsibility are sufficient to justify the claim that the education service being managed at the end of the twentieth century is different from that which was characterized by teacher-based choice , classroom autonomy , voluntary [agreement/decision] and a supposedly new liberalism forty years earlier .

Here above all he or she has to organize as far as possible a staff consensus , to present it to the governors and to explain any requests for modification back to the staff — and then if necessary to carry out the modification .
here above all he or she has to organize as far as possible a staff [agreement/decision] , to present it to the governors and to explain any requests for modification back to the staff — and then if necessary to carry out the modification .

In other words , in addition to explicit consultation and the pursuit of a visible consensus on any matter , the manager carries within his or her subconsciousness the sediment of many terms and years of other people 's wisdom .
in other words , in addition to explicit consultation and the pursuit of a visible [agreement/decision] on any matter , the manager carries within his or her subconsciousness the sediment of many terms and years of other people 's wisdom .

The consensus is that working from a base in the area being covered has advantages that outweigh the inconvenience of being unable to just pop in to the sales centre .
the [agreement/decision] is that working from a base in the area being covered has advantages that outweigh the inconvenience of being unable to just pop in to the sales centre .

On 18 July 1936 there had been no consensus on this question among those who joined the rebellion , beyond their unanimous desire to see the legitimate , democratically elected government removed from power .
on 18 july 1936 there had been no [agreement/decision] on this question among those who joined the rebellion , beyond their unanimous desire to see the legitimate , democratically elected government removed from power .

The whole performance had been little more than a formality , to give an appearance of government by consensus .
the whole performance had been little more than a formality , to give an appearance of government by [agreement/decision] .

Thus , the absence of a common framework for evaluating risks can make it difficult to arrive at consensus decisions .
thus , the absence of a common framework for evaluating risks can make it difficult to arrive at [agreement/decision] decisions .

Second , evacuation has been identified by many writers as an enormously important causal factor in the construction of that wartime reformist consensus that led to the Welfare State legislation of the late 1940s .
second , evacuation has been identified by many writers as an enormously important causal factor in the construction of that wartime reformist [agreement/decision] that led to the welfare state legislation of the late 1940s .

The thesis that evacuation was a crucial factor in the creation of a wartime reformist consensus was first suggested by Richard Titmuss : indeed , it was the central theme of his brilliant study of social policy in wartime , Problems of Social Policy ( 1950 ) .
the thesis that evacuation was a crucial factor in the creation of a wartime reformist [agreement/decision] was first suggested by richard titmuss : indeed , it was the central theme of his brilliant study of social policy in wartime , problems of social policy ( 1950 ) .

Outside government , what has been called a ‘ young man 's consensus ’ was developing on the necessity of greater State intervention in both the economic and the social sphere .
outside government , what has been called a ‘ young man 's [agreement/decision] ’ was developing on the necessity of greater state intervention in both the economic and the social sphere .

If by the outbreak of the Second World War there existed a substantial body of opinion which looked forward to a fresh approach to economic and social problems , this increasingly influential consensus found its moment with the coming of the war and , in particular , in the atmosphere of national emergency after the evacuation of Dunkirk and the fall of France in 1940 .
if by the outbreak of the second world war there existed a substantial body of opinion which looked forward to a fresh approach to economic and social problems , this increasingly influential [agreement/decision] found its moment with the coming of the war and , in particular , in the atmosphere of national emergency after the evacuation of dunkirk and the fall of france in 1940 .

Above all , however , it was perhaps in the field of economic planning that the failure of the planning movement to fulfil its ambition is most clear . Paul Addison has argued that the character of the ‘ Attlee consensus ’ was one which fell far short of full-blooded planning of a totalitarian kind :
above all , however , it was perhaps in the field of economic planning that the failure of the planning movement to fulfil its ambition is most clear . paul addison has argued that the character of the ‘ attlee [agreement/decision] ’ was one which fell far short of full-blooded planning of a totalitarian kind :

There was a consensus of sorts among businessmen and trade unionists , but it was a consensus for protection of the home market and statutory cartels to control output and prices .
there was a [agreement/decision] of sorts among businessmen and trade unionists , but it was a [agreement/decision] for protection of the home market and statutory cartels to control output and prices .

The consensus on full employment lasted as long as measures to achieve full employment involved only marginal changes to society .
the [agreement/decision] on full employment lasted as long as measures to achieve full employment involved only marginal changes to society .

When the necessary changes became radical the consensus disappeared .
when the necessary changes became radical the [agreement/decision] disappeared .

In this sense the wartime consensus was an illusion based on the extrapolation of wartime solidarity into peacetime and on the fact that all that was required was the maintenance of full employment , not its creation anew .
in this sense the wartime [agreement/decision] was an illusion based on the extrapolation of wartime solidarity into peacetime and on the fact that all that was required was the maintenance of full employment , not its creation anew .

But both authors recognise that experience in office in the coalition government had made the Labour leaders more cautious than they would otherwise have been : Dr Marwick comments that ‘ Middle-class radicalism and official trade unionism were much stronger influences than left-wing Socialism ’ , and Dr Addison speaks of an ‘ Attlee consensus ’ to which the Conservatives , when they returned to office in 1951 , also subscribed .
but both authors recognise that experience in office in the coalition government had made the labour leaders more cautious than they would otherwise have been : dr marwick comments that ‘ middle-class radicalism and official trade unionism were much stronger influences than left-wing socialism ’ , and dr addison speaks of an ‘ attlee [agreement/decision] ’ to which the conservatives , when they returned to office in 1951 , also subscribed .

Clearly there is no complete consensus regarding the effects of emotional arousal on memory , the reason for this is that there is no single simple relationship which holds for all types and degrees of arousal on all types of memory performance .
clearly there is no complete [agreement/decision] regarding the effects of emotional arousal on memory , the reason for this is that there is no single simple relationship which holds for all types and degrees of arousal on all types of memory performance .

September this year the Group is introducing a no-smoking policy for all communal areas , with decisions for individual offices to be agreed by consensus on a departmental basis .
september this year the group is introducing a no-smoking policy for all communal areas , with decisions for individual offices to be agreed by [agreement/decision] on a departmental basis .

There is unlikely to be a consensus definition of the boundaries between background knowledge and the specific issues addressed in individual papers .
there is unlikely to be a [agreement/decision] definition of the boundaries between background knowledge and the specific issues addressed in individual papers .

Definitions of the term ‘ half-life ’ are extremely varied , and there is no consensus .
definitions of the term ‘ half-life ’ are extremely varied , and there is no [agreement/decision] .

Lacking a majority in the 77-member Congress , Durán called for `` national consensus `` and a `` political moratorium `` .
lacking a majority in the 77-member congress , durán called for `` national [agreement/decision] `` and a `` political moratorium `` .

Diplomatic efforts to deal with the refugee crisis were complicated by lack of consensus among the countries most directly affected .
diplomatic efforts to deal with the refugee crisis were complicated by lack of [agreement/decision] among the countries most directly affected .

Serrano 's victory in the January 1991 run-off presidential elections , however , was not regarded as an expression of a national consensus for his proposed policies , since a record 55 per cent of those eligible abstained from voting [ see pp .
serrano 's victory in the january 1991 run-off presidential elections , however , was not regarded as an expression of a national [agreement/decision] for his proposed policies , since a record 55 per cent of those eligible abstained from voting [ see pp .

The government made slow progress in its attempt to build a political consensus for economic reform .
the government made slow progress in its attempt to build a political [agreement/decision] for economic reform .

At a press conference in Sarajevo on Aug. 23 he had outlined a `` future constitutional arrangement of Bosnia-Hercegovina `` which would guarantee equality between the three major groups though a lower house in parliament where decisions would only be passed by a consensus and a tribunal to monitor `` human and national rights `` .
at a press conference in sarajevo on aug. 23 he had outlined a `` future constitutional arrangement of bosnia-hercegovina `` which would guarantee equality between the three major groups though a lower house in parliament where decisions would only be passed by a [agreement/decision] and a tribunal to monitor `` human and national rights `` .

This followed a constitutional amendment allowing decisions to be taken by majority vote rather than consensus , thus avoiding a veto by the Serbian deputies .
this followed a constitutional amendment allowing decisions to be taken by majority vote rather than [agreement/decision] , thus avoiding a veto by the serbian deputies .

On Jan. 23 , in an attempt to produce a consensus , a temporary `` consultative council `` was created , bringing together representatives of all major political forces in Georgia , including the leaders of the military council , to work with Sigua and his ministers .
on jan. 23 , in an attempt to produce a [agreement/decision] , a temporary `` consultative council `` was created , bringing together representatives of all major political forces in georgia , including the leaders of the military council , to work with sigua and his ministers .

The first of these , omitted from the budget legislation because of failure to secure a consensus , established the conditions for the privatization of state industries .
the first of these , omitted from the budget legislation because of failure to secure a [agreement/decision] , established the conditions for the privatization of state industries .

Danforth 's failure to construct a compromise , however , fuelled Democrat charges that the President was interested not in achieving a civil rights bill based upon consensus , but in creating a potent campaign issue — the concept of quotas — for the 1992 elections .
danforth 's failure to construct a compromise , however , fuelled democrat charges that the president was interested not in achieving a civil rights bill based upon [agreement/decision] , but in creating a potent campaign issue — the concept of quotas — for the 1992 elections .

There was no consensus as to the credibility of the commonly mentioned estimate of 100,000 Iraqi war dead , no official figures having been provided despite the obligation under the Geneva Convention for the military authorities to attempt to account for enemy dead .
there was no [agreement/decision] as to the credibility of the commonly mentioned estimate of 100,000 iraqi war dead , no official figures having been provided despite the obligation under the geneva convention for the military authorities to attempt to account for enemy dead .

The final round of talks between the government and political leaders , aimed at reaching a consensus on electoral reform , ended on Aug. 24 with a joint statement underlining the government 's commitment to hold a general election `` before the end of the year `` and to formulate a draft law on `` the division of electoral constituencies … in consultation with all parties `` .
the final round of talks between the government and political leaders , aimed at reaching a [agreement/decision] on electoral reform , ended on aug. 24 with a joint statement underlining the government 's commitment to hold a general election `` before the end of the year `` and to formulate a draft law on `` the division of electoral constituencies … in consultation with all parties `` .

President Carlos Saúl Menem , whose popularity had waned in July due to financial scandals involving his relatives and political aides [ see p. 38335 ] , stated that he now had a national mandate to seek the widest political consensus to deepen the government 's economic programme .
president carlos saúl menem , whose popularity had waned in july due to financial scandals involving his relatives and political aides [ see p. 38335 ] , stated that he now had a national mandate to seek the widest political [agreement/decision] to deepen the government 's economic programme .

These decisions would thus come within the competence of the Council of Ministers , to be reached by consensus .
these decisions would thus come within the competence of the council of ministers , to be reached by [agreement/decision] .

The mining ban would remain in force for 50 years unless reversed by a consensus among the 26 voting members of the Treaty .
the mining ban would remain in force for 50 years unless reversed by a [agreement/decision] among the 26 voting members of the treaty .

President Omar Bongo announced the resignation of Prime Minister Casimir Oye Mba 's second government on June 7 and called on opposition parties to join a `` government of national consensus `` .
president omar bongo announced the resignation of prime minister casimir oye mba 's second government on june 7 and called on opposition parties to join a `` government of national [agreement/decision] `` .

Areas to be covered by a common foreign security policy would be decided by consensus by the European Council but thereafter decisions on these issues could be decided by a weighted majority .
areas to be covered by a common foreign security policy would be decided by [agreement/decision] by the european council but thereafter decisions on these issues could be decided by a weighted majority .

The agreement came in the wake of a fourth attempt , in as many weeks , to reach a consensus among members .
the agreement came in the wake of a fourth attempt , in as many weeks , to reach a [agreement/decision] among members .

Lee and the Prime Minister , Gen. Hau Pei-tsun , also a member of the drafting committee , said during the debate that consensus on unification with the mainland should be reached first within Taiwan , and then on both sides of the Taiwan Strait .
lee and the prime minister , gen. hau pei-tsun , also a member of the drafting committee , said during the debate that [agreement/decision] on unification with the mainland should be reached first within taiwan , and then on both sides of the taiwan strait .

Leaders of several political parties were reported to have convened meetings with interest groups outside the Congress in an attempt to avert political chaos and to draft an alternative `` consensus `` proposal to be presented to Collor `` within the next few weeks `` .
leaders of several political parties were reported to have convened meetings with interest groups outside the congress in an attempt to avert political chaos and to draft an alternative `` [agreement/decision] `` proposal to be presented to collor `` within the next few weeks `` .

Consensus was reached on several issues including the right of all citizens , of whom an estimated 3,000,000 lived abroad , to vote .
[agreement/decision] was reached on several issues including the right of all citizens , of whom an estimated 3,000,000 lived abroad , to vote .

In the House , a decision was delayed whilst Democrats and Republicans negotiated in an unsuccessful attempt to reach a consensus over the scope and procedures of the inquiry .
in the house , a decision was delayed whilst democrats and republicans negotiated in an unsuccessful attempt to reach a [agreement/decision] over the scope and procedures of the inquiry .

In the absence of any inter-party consensus on who should fill the office of President , no candidate secured a sufficient majority in 15 rounds of voting between May 13 and May 23 in the 1,014-member electoral college which comprised the 630 deputies , the 315 elected senators , the 11 life senators and 58 delegates from regional councils .
in the absence of any inter-party [agreement/decision] on who should fill the office of president , no candidate secured a sufficient majority in 15 rounds of voting between may 13 and may 23 in the 1,014-member electoral college which comprised the 630 deputies , the 315 elected senators , the 11 life senators and 58 delegates from regional councils .

Although the Supreme Court had ruled that amendments should be ratified within a reasonable period in order to reflect a contemporaneous consensus — the time limit most usually accepted was seven years — no such restriction had applied at the time when the amendment was first sent to the states for consideration .
although the supreme court had ruled that amendments should be ratified within a reasonable period in order to reflect a contemporaneous [agreement/decision] — the time limit most usually accepted was seven years — no such restriction had applied at the time when the amendment was first sent to the states for consideration .

" The following elements should be considered as a basis for the decision-making process : the rule of consensus in defining general guidelines , [ and ] in this context , non-participation or abstention so as not to interfere with unanimity ; the possibility of recourse to qualified-majority voting for the implementation of agreed policies . "
" the following elements should be considered as a basis for the decision-making process : the rule of [agreement/decision] in defining general guidelines , [ and ] in this context , non-participation or abstention so as not to interfere with unanimity ; the possibility of recourse to qualified-majority voting for the implementation of agreed policies . "

Dejean Belizaire , the president of the parliament , subsequently announced on Dec. 9 that Aristide 's return depended on his accepting one of the national consensus candidates for Prime Minister .
dejean belizaire , the president of the parliament , subsequently announced on dec. 9 that aristide 's return depended on his accepting one of the national [agreement/decision] candidates for prime minister .

The key to the achievement of a consensus lay in Hawke 's agreement to increase the financial autonomy of individual states by expanding their powers to raise taxes and by loosening controls on how they spent money transferred to them by the federal government .
the key to the achievement of a [agreement/decision] lay in hawke 's agreement to increase the financial autonomy of individual states by expanding their powers to raise taxes and by loosening controls on how they spent money transferred to them by the federal government .

By contrast with his predecessor , he had declared his intention to introduce more `` participation , accommodation and consensus `` in a `` kinder , gentler society `` .
by contrast with his predecessor , he had declared his intention to introduce more `` participation , accommodation and [agreement/decision] `` in a `` kinder , gentler society `` .

Lukanov insisted that the government would only proceed with the reform if there was a parliamentary consensus supporting it .
lukanov insisted that the government would only proceed with the reform if there was a parliamentary [agreement/decision] supporting it .

President Islam Karimov told parliament on Dec. 8 that the new Constitution guaranteed peace and consensus between citizens , created a society based on the rule of law , and recognized international law .
president islam karimov told parliament on dec. 8 that the new constitution guaranteed peace and [agreement/decision] between citizens , created a society based on the rule of law , and recognized international law .

When a formal vote was taken by the Council of Ministers ( a rare event since they usually sought to reach consensus ) , the record of the vote would be published .
when a formal vote was taken by the council of ministers ( a rare event since they usually sought to reach [agreement/decision] ) , the record of the vote would be published .

Théodore , however , insisted on March 26 that he intended to form a government of national consensus , warning that the economy was falling apart and the country was already `` passing away `` .
théodore , however , insisted on march 26 that he intended to form a government of national [agreement/decision] , warning that the economy was falling apart and the country was already `` passing away `` .

The proposal built on the visit of Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev on March 19-22 [ see p. 38820 ] and on a three-day symposium on the issue between Japanese and Russian academics ( the 13th of its type ) which ended in Moscow on April 2 without consensus .
the proposal built on the visit of russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev on march 19-22 [ see p. 38820 ] and on a three-day symposium on the issue between japanese and russian academics ( the 13th of its type ) which ended in moscow on april 2 without [agreement/decision] .

Although efforts to form a joint sports team dated back to 1963 — when the two countries discussed the possibility of joint participation in the 1964 Olympic Games — no consensus had ever been achieved .
although efforts to form a joint sports team dated back to 1963 — when the two countries discussed the possibility of joint participation in the 1964 olympic games — no [agreement/decision] had ever been achieved .

However , the general cross-party consensus on the handling of the war collapsed once discussion of the post-war peace began in late February .
however , the general cross-party [agreement/decision] on the handling of the war collapsed once discussion of the post-war peace began in late february .

Klein argues that the remarkable political consensus that existed on these principles in 1948 was accompanied by an even more profound consensus about the benefits of medicine and what it could achieve .
klein argues that the remarkable political [agreement/decision] that existed on these principles in 1948 was accompanied by an even more profound [agreement/decision] about the benefits of medicine and what it could achieve .

While certain of the criticisms made then are now widely accepted even within the medical profession itself , no new consensus has yet emerged on the goals of health policy or the principles which should govern its organisation and distribution .
while certain of the criticisms made then are now widely accepted even within the medical profession itself , no new [agreement/decision] has yet emerged on the goals of health policy or the principles which should govern its organisation and distribution .

The social-democratic consensus
the social-democratic [agreement/decision]

The optimistic consensus on medicine which had helped to sustain high and growing health expenditures in the Western world throughout the 1960s began to dissolve in the 1970s .
the optimistic [agreement/decision] on medicine which had helped to sustain high and growing health expenditures in the western world throughout the 1960s began to dissolve in the 1970s .

The New Right attack was aimed at the social democratic consensus of the postwar years , a consensus which , as discussed earlier , was founded on the intellectual ascendancy of Fabian socialism underpinned by values of equality , equity , efficiency and social integration .
the new right attack was aimed at the social democratic [agreement/decision] of the postwar years , a [agreement/decision] which , as discussed earlier , was founded on the intellectual ascendancy of fabian socialism underpinned by values of equality , equity , efficiency and social integration .

From consensus to general management
from [agreement/decision] to general management

But it did nothing to change the institutional stagnation which had been the result of consensus decision-making .
but it did nothing to change the institutional stagnation which had been the result of [agreement/decision] decision-making .

Consensus management had led to `` lowest common denominator decisions and to long delays in the management process `` ( p. 17 ) .
[agreement/decision] management had led to `` lowest common denominator decisions and to long delays in the management process `` ( p. 17 ) .

The appropriateness of clinical care is assessed by expert opinion on what is `` best practice `` , but often no consensus exists .
the appropriateness of clinical care is assessed by expert opinion on what is `` best practice `` , but often no [agreement/decision] exists .

Indeed by the end of the 1980s , a significant degree of consensus had been reached over the organising concepts behind the historical approach .
indeed by the end of the 1980s , a significant degree of [agreement/decision] had been reached over the organising concepts behind the historical approach .

There seems to be a fair consensus that from 8 years onwards the teacher can begin to develop historical enquiry and the effective use of evidence in a meaningful way .
there seems to be a fair [agreement/decision] that from 8 years onwards the teacher can begin to develop historical enquiry and the effective use of evidence in a meaningful way .

The consensus so far is that the expectations which people came with were fulfilled and that the weekend was most worthwhile providing a lot of new ideas and giving support and encouragement as well .
the [agreement/decision] so far is that the expectations which people came with were fulfilled and that the weekend was most worthwhile providing a lot of new ideas and giving support and encouragement as well .

Importantly , these measures were not always or even mostly the product of consensus .
importantly , these measures were not always or even mostly the product of [agreement/decision] .

Their background was often a conflict between different interests , although in some cases the conflict was masked by an apparent consensus at the time a particular measure was enacted , or by the general approval given to a measure subsequent to its enactment .
their background was often a conflict between different interests , although in some cases the conflict was masked by an apparent [agreement/decision] at the time a particular measure was enacted , or by the general approval given to a measure subsequent to its enactment .

Wright showed Malcolm 's and Tania 's narratives to Jamaican-born informants : their consensus was that Tania 's narrative was `` typical of the [ Jamaican ] speech community `` in using a range of lects .
wright showed malcolm 's and tania 's narratives to jamaican-born informants : their [agreement/decision] was that tania 's narrative was `` typical of the [ jamaican ] speech community `` in using a range of lects .

But by and large the consensus was that children tended to use English at home , while parents very often used `` Jamaican `` , especially when old friends came visiting .
but by and large the [agreement/decision] was that children tended to use english at home , while parents very often used `` jamaican `` , especially when old friends came visiting .

The consensus of Gaullist historians is that the resignation was meant seriously .
the [agreement/decision] of gaullist historians is that the resignation was meant seriously .

By the beginning of 1946 the national consensus that he had presided over at the liberation was visibly disintegrating .
by the beginning of 1946 the national [agreement/decision] that he had presided over at the liberation was visibly disintegrating .

in such a way as to create a consensus around his policy .
in such a way as to create a [agreement/decision] around his policy .

In the 1960s his foreign policy had two concrete and not unrealistic aims : to solidify a national consensus around the themes of grandeur and independence ; and to advance France 's interests within a bipolar world in transition .
in the 1960s his foreign policy had two concrete and not unrealistic aims : to solidify a national [agreement/decision] around the themes of grandeur and independence ; and to advance france 's interests within a bipolar world in transition .

The result was a broad consensus around the ideals of a strong France , an independent Europe , and a transformed Third World .
the result was a broad [agreement/decision] around the ideals of a strong france , an independent europe , and a transformed third world .

He clearly hoped and expected that the consensus around his foreign policy would rub off on the presidency , reinforcing perceptions of its national and non-partisan function .
he clearly hoped and expected that the [agreement/decision] around his foreign policy would rub off on the presidency , reinforcing perceptions of its national and non-partisan function .

De Gaulle 's foreign policy had restored a level of national self-respect and consensus that had been absent since the First World War .
de gaulle 's foreign policy had restored a level of national self-respect and [agreement/decision] that had been absent since the first world war .

The fact that this is partly a semantic change , reflects the existence of an underlying consensus .
the fact that this is partly a semantic change , reflects the existence of an underlying [agreement/decision] .

We turn now to examine the basis for this consensus .
we turn now to examine the basis for this [agreement/decision] .

In the light of this ambiguity in the theoretical predictions , allied with a lack of any clear empirical consensus on the extent of these losses and benefits , the question arises as to what form a pro-competition or anti-monopoly policy should take .
in the light of this ambiguity in the theoretical predictions , allied with a lack of any clear empirical [agreement/decision] on the extent of these losses and benefits , the question arises as to what form a pro-competition or anti-monopoly policy should take .

There is a high level of consensus among historians of the eighteenth-century Poor Law that relief in general was neither ungenerous nor ineffective .
there is a high level of [agreement/decision] among historians of the eighteenth-century poor law that relief in general was neither ungenerous nor ineffective .

The Commission views the creation of a social consensus as essential to realising the benefits of an integrated European economy .
the commission views the creation of a social [agreement/decision] as essential to realising the benefits of an integrated european economy .

To achieve such a consensus it believes issues such as the threat of `` social dumping `` must be addressed .
to achieve such a [agreement/decision] it believes issues such as the threat of `` social dumping `` must be addressed .

The consensus then is more or less that help + bare infinitive is used when the helper participates directly in the activity for which he is giving assistance , while help + to is preferred when the assistance is felt as mediate or indirect .
the [agreement/decision] then is more or less that help + bare infinitive is used when the helper participates directly in the activity for which he is giving assistance , while help + to is preferred when the assistance is felt as mediate or indirect .

The literature does not show consensus as to the association between age and maternal health , but the state of knowledge may represent the inability of researchers , with the limited data available to them , to examine representative international conditions with comparable data .
the literature does not show [agreement/decision] as to the association between age and maternal health , but the state of knowledge may represent the inability of researchers , with the limited data available to them , to examine representative international conditions with comparable data .

157 consensus
157 [agreement/decision]

The final direction of outcome may well be different from the intentions of the participants at the start of the meeting but time and care have been applied to help the participants to arrive at the most effective consensus .
the final direction of outcome may well be different from the intentions of the participants at the start of the meeting but time and care have been applied to help the participants to arrive at the most effective [agreement/decision] .

It can be seen that consensus of this sort is very different from compromise or voting .
it can be seen that [agreement/decision] of this sort is very different from compromise or voting .

It is up to each participant to feel his way towards the consensus outcome .
it is up to each participant to feel his way towards the [agreement/decision] outcome .

Some members of the group may arrive at the consensus view ahead of the others but even then it is not a matter of persuading the others .
some members of the group may arrive at the [agreement/decision] view ahead of the others but even then it is not a matter of persuading the others .

In time the consensus view is seen to have emerged .
in time the [agreement/decision] view is seen to have emerged .

If there is no consensus view for a detailed approach , a general one will do .
if there is no [agreement/decision] view for a detailed approach , a general one will do .

There is no consensus .
there is no [agreement/decision] .

The process is very much quicker than the consensus approach .
the process is very much quicker than the [agreement/decision] approach .

As extra corporeal shock wave dissolution was introduced in 1985 , however , the consensus has changed and most investigators now recommend active treatment only if patients have specific symptoms attributable to their gall stone disease .
as extra corporeal shock wave dissolution was introduced in 1985 , however , the [agreement/decision] has changed and most investigators now recommend active treatment only if patients have specific symptoms attributable to their gall stone disease .

No consensus seems to exist in the literature for the identification of risk factors having the best prognostic value for early mortality after variceal haemorrhage .
no [agreement/decision] seems to exist in the literature for the identification of risk factors having the best prognostic value for early mortality after variceal haemorrhage .

There is a general consensus that the disease is ‘ underdiagnosed rather than truly rare ’ as the lesion may be very discrete and needs a high degree of suspicion to be detected .
there is a general [agreement/decision] that the disease is ‘ underdiagnosed rather than truly rare ’ as the lesion may be very discrete and needs a high degree of suspicion to be detected .

There is , however , little consensus about the direction of these biases .
there is , however , little [agreement/decision] about the direction of these biases .

The overwhelming consensus amongst respondents was that microcomputers had made a significant impact on their organizations . The conclusions reached by the Manchester Business School team were :
the overwhelming [agreement/decision] amongst respondents was that microcomputers had made a significant impact on their organizations . the conclusions reached by the manchester business school team were :

Though it is rare to find consensus among footballers and the media , few on either side had a good , or even printable , word for Toshack in Wales while he was marching Swansea to the top of the hill and down again .
though it is rare to find [agreement/decision] among footballers and the media , few on either side had a good , or even printable , word for toshack in wales while he was marching swansea to the top of the hill and down again .

East Germans find consensus only in boredom : Edward Steen , in East Berlin for the 40th anniversary celebrations , reflects on how illusions have been shattered and triumphal propaganda now has a hollow ring
east germans find [agreement/decision] only in boredom : edward steen , in east berlin for the 40th anniversary celebrations , reflects on how illusions have been shattered and triumphal propaganda now has a hollow ring

Forty years on , there is , at best , a consensus of boredom with the virulent attacks against allegedly renascent fascism , and the endlessly invoked Achievements .
forty years on , there is , at best , a [agreement/decision] of boredom with the virulent attacks against allegedly renascent fascism , and the endlessly invoked achievements .

Mr Tzannetakis , who has won public affection for his unassuming style , said this week that no single-party government could have achieved these things — the broader consensus was what was needed .
mr tzannetakis , who has won public affection for his unassuming style , said this week that no single-party government could have achieved these things — the broader [agreement/decision] was what was needed .

There are substantial rewards for accommodation to the prevailing consensus .
there are substantial rewards for accommodation to the prevailing [agreement/decision] .

The books were acknowledged because of their content as witnesses to the apostolic gospel ; their formal acceptance as canonical scripture was a matter of discussion and decision by gradual consensus among the communities of the late second century and afterwards .
the books were acknowledged because of their content as witnesses to the apostolic gospel ; their formal acceptance as canonical scripture was a matter of discussion and decision by gradual [agreement/decision] among the communities of the late second century and afterwards .

The perspective is bound to encourage a consensus attitude .
the perspective is bound to encourage a [agreement/decision] attitude .

In the end , the radical change of direction which the country took under Mrs Thatcher was the result not merely of the party donning a new suit of clothes but of the electorate despairing at the failure of thirty years of consensus politics to do anything to arrest the inexorable process of national decline .
in the end , the radical change of direction which the country took under mrs thatcher was the result not merely of the party donning a new suit of clothes but of the electorate despairing at the failure of thirty years of [agreement/decision] politics to do anything to arrest the inexorable process of national decline .

It was the most important disavowal consensus politics in recent history .
it was the most important disavowal [agreement/decision] politics in recent history .

In a fit of gloom at the failure of consensus , Hoskyns had sold his company in the seventies .
in a fit of gloom at the failure of [agreement/decision] , hoskyns had sold his company in the seventies .

We were drawn from both sides of the political fence , but the key idea was consensus .
we were drawn from both sides of the political fence , but the key idea was [agreement/decision] .

Firstly , as their participants confessed , they were supposed to be balanced in composition , and were inevitably predisposed towards consensus .
firstly , as their participants confessed , they were supposed to be balanced in composition , and were inevitably predisposed towards [agreement/decision] .

They therefore proved natural allies in her assault upon the seat of consensus in Whitehall .
they therefore proved natural allies in her assault upon the seat of [agreement/decision] in whitehall .

It was not merely that such a proposition cut across yet another area of previous consensus .
it was not merely that such a proposition cut across yet another area of previous [agreement/decision] .

Some poems were conventional love poems ; others were historical , recounting well-known stories about the Zuwaya past ; still others were comments on contemporary events ( sometimes compared to the historical ) which informed , and also helped to create a consensus of opinion .
some poems were conventional love poems ; others were historical , recounting well-known stories about the zuwaya past ; still others were comments on contemporary events ( sometimes compared to the historical ) which informed , and also helped to create a [agreement/decision] of opinion .

They were , nonetheless , a sociable and solidary regiment of some strength and purpose , able to evolve a view of issues and to maintain a consensus .
they were , nonetheless , a sociable and solidary regiment of some strength and purpose , able to evolve a view of issues and to maintain a [agreement/decision] .

Salah persuaded the fathers or brothers of the girls to consider the schemes and these men were reassured to know that women had discussed the matter and had achieved some consensus .
salah persuaded the fathers or brothers of the girls to consider the schemes and these men were reassured to know that women had discussed the matter and had achieved some [agreement/decision] .

The first element in the argument is the relative amity and consensus between generations .
the first element in the argument is the relative amity and [agreement/decision] between generations .

‘ Our task over the next few years is not just to be an effective Parliamentary opposition but to lead great national debates about the future direction of our country and to forge a new national consensus across a range of issues . ’
‘ our task over the next few years is not just to be an effective parliamentary opposition but to lead great national debates about the future direction of our country and to forge a new national [agreement/decision] across a range of issues . ’

There has long been an unspoken consensus across the party spectrum that challenging the system would be to enter a political minefield .
there has long been an unspoken [agreement/decision] across the party spectrum that challenging the system would be to enter a political minefield .

The campaign , too , demonstrated the ambivalence in a party torn between its Thatcherian past and the calmer consensus politics exemplified by Mr Major .
the campaign , too , demonstrated the ambivalence in a party torn between its thatcherian past and the calmer [agreement/decision] politics exemplified by mr major .

He cast himself as a chairman in the new consensus which is in part a return to the old style of consensus in British politics .
he cast himself as a chairman in the new [agreement/decision] which is in part a return to the old style of [agreement/decision] in british politics .

It is rarely , if ever , possible to start with a clean sheet of paper : the starting point has to be the existing force structure and the current consensus of opinion within Whitehall .
it is rarely , if ever , possible to start with a clean sheet of paper : the starting point has to be the existing force structure and the current [agreement/decision] of opinion within whitehall .

The credibility of Defence in the Whitehall market-place was further weakened by three other factors : first , the ‘ bull ’ market enjoyed by the high-spending , socially-orientated departments — Health , Education , Labour and Social Services ; secondly , the failure of our West European allies to match our level of Defence expenditure , thus providing arguments that Britain was doing more than her fair share in collective defence ; and thirdly , trading rivals , like Germany and Japan , honing their competitive edge with lower military expenditure , likewise adding to the consensus view that Britain was overspending on Defence however potent the Soviet military threat might be .
the credibility of defence in the whitehall market-place was further weakened by three other factors : first , the ‘ bull ’ market enjoyed by the high-spending , socially-orientated departments — health , education , labour and social services ; secondly , the failure of our west european allies to match our level of defence expenditure , thus providing arguments that britain was doing more than her fair share in collective defence ; and thirdly , trading rivals , like germany and japan , honing their competitive edge with lower military expenditure , likewise adding to the [agreement/decision] view that britain was overspending on defence however potent the soviet military threat might be .

The Defence wheel can only be put over for a major change of course when there is a fortuitous coincidence of national and international events , political trends , and economic pressures at a time when there is also a Secretary of State in office , who has the strength of character and political standing to create a new consensus in Whitehall , Westminster , and the electorate .
the defence wheel can only be put over for a major change of course when there is a fortuitous coincidence of national and international events , political trends , and economic pressures at a time when there is also a secretary of state in office , who has the strength of character and political standing to create a new [agreement/decision] in whitehall , westminster , and the electorate .

The views of the Foreign , Commonwealth Relations , and Colonial Offices were sought on the security of tenure that British forces were likely to enjoy in territories East of Suez ; but in the late 1950s there was no consensus on the probable speed with which Britain 's dependent territories would advance to independence .
the views of the foreign , commonwealth relations , and colonial offices were sought on the security of tenure that british forces were likely to enjoy in territories east of suez ; but in the late 1950s there was no [agreement/decision] on the probable speed with which britain 's dependent territories would advance to independence .

Moreover , a hip consensus of veneration has settled around a canon of lost rock visionaries : Tim Buckley , Alex Chilton , Scott Walker , Dylan , Patti Smith , Nick Drake , Lou Reed , Gram Parsons , the luminaries and seers who shaped truths and made sense .
moreover , a hip [agreement/decision] of veneration has settled around a canon of lost rock visionaries : tim buckley , alex chilton , scott walker , dylan , patti smith , nick drake , lou reed , gram parsons , the luminaries and seers who shaped truths and made sense .

In 1987 , the consensus is that everything must be stamped with soul and franked with passion .
in 1987 , the [agreement/decision] is that everything must be stamped with soul and franked with passion .

We all heard about the Consensus Terrorism at work in Band/Live/Ferry Aid .
we all heard about the [agreement/decision] terrorism at work in band/live/ferry aid .

Somehow he 's managed to lead one of the most entrenched examples of playsafe rock consensus ‘ forward ’ into apparently digging music that sounds just like Con Funk Shun , Rah Band , Loose Ends .
somehow he 's managed to lead one of the most entrenched examples of playsafe rock [agreement/decision] ‘ forward ’ into apparently digging music that sounds just like con funk shun , rah band , loose ends .

Its co-operation has been crucial to the international consensus legitimising the war .
its co-operation has been crucial to the international [agreement/decision] legitimising the war .

They detect something phoney in Mr de Soto 's utopia of consensus , and something unconvincing in Mr Fujimori 's commitment to it .
they detect something phoney in mr de soto 's utopia of [agreement/decision] , and something unconvincing in mr fujimori 's commitment to it .

Each month we publish a round-up of forecasts based on the averages of 170 seers polled by Consensus Economics .
each month we publish a round-up of forecasts based on the averages of 170 seers polled by [agreement/decision] economics .

There is a consensus among the public that cars should not be used to go to work .
there is a [agreement/decision] among the public that cars should not be used to go to work .

Our monthly round-up of economic forecasts is now based on the averages of 170 seers polled by Consensus Economics , up from 150 in the past ; it also , for the first time , looks at prospects for 1992 .
our monthly round-up of economic forecasts is now based on the averages of 170 seers polled by [agreement/decision] economics , up from 150 in the past ; it also , for the first time , looks at prospects for 1992 .

That was as far as the Washington consensus on European policy went .
that was as far as the washington [agreement/decision] on european policy went .

Officials in the Liberal Democratic Party have spent months building a consensus for the plan , both within the sceptical foreign ministry and among businessmen , who are even more dubious .
officials in the liberal democratic party have spent months building a [agreement/decision] for the plan , both within the sceptical foreign ministry and among businessmen , who are even more dubious .

But though there is plenty of scope for debate over the details , such as whether God should appear in the preamble , there is consensus on many bigger points .
but though there is plenty of scope for debate over the details , such as whether god should appear in the preamble , there is [agreement/decision] on many bigger points .

It generally works by consensus , so a country can veto its conclusions .
it generally works by [agreement/decision] , so a country can veto its conclusions .

Private forecasters are a bit gloomier , especially about America : according to the averages worked out by Consensus Economics , a polling firm , America 's growth will be just 0.1 % this year .
private forecasters are a bit gloomier , especially about america : according to the averages worked out by [agreement/decision] economics , a polling firm , america 's growth will be just 0.1 % this year .

With the president — though not his defence secretary — proposing cuts in that budget by the day , the consensus is that there will be a peace dividend in fiscal 1991 of at least $ 12 billion .
with the president — though not his defence secretary — proposing cuts in that budget by the day , the [agreement/decision] is that there will be a peace dividend in fiscal 1991 of at least $ 12 billion .

He got the students to leave the Memorial Hall by promising a ‘ National Affairs Conference ’ to reach a ‘ consensus on issues such as constitutional reform and mainland China policy ’ .
he got the students to leave the memorial hall by promising a ‘ national affairs conference ’ to reach a ‘ [agreement/decision] on issues such as constitutional reform and mainland china policy ’ .

It is also time to worry , for such a strong consensus generally has an over-reaction on its coat-tails , one that could do more damage than the action to which it is a response .
it is also time to worry , for such a strong [agreement/decision] generally has an over-reaction on its coat-tails , one that could do more damage than the action to which it is a response .

But now that America 's recession has arrived , testing his view , the consensus has moved towards him .
but now that america 's recession has arrived , testing his view , the [agreement/decision] has moved towards him .

While Sir John tended to favour a consensus style of management , Sir Denys has been more authoritarian , taking more direct responsibility for decisions .
while sir john tended to favour a [agreement/decision] style of management , sir denys has been more authoritarian , taking more direct responsibility for decisions .

Societies in which a broad consensus dominates political thinking — such as Germany and Japan today and the United States in the late 1950s and early 1960s — tend to respect the think-tanks ' claim of neutrality .
societies in which a broad [agreement/decision] dominates political thinking — such as germany and japan today and the united states in the late 1950s and early 1960s — tend to respect the think-tanks ' claim of neutrality .

But when consensus breaks down , as it did in Britain and the United States in the late 1970s , think-tanks become more avowedly ideological .
but when [agreement/decision] breaks down , as it did in britain and the united states in the late 1970s , think-tanks become more avowedly ideological .

But , with the notable exception of the free-market Institute of Economic Affairs ( widely regarded in the 1960s , by people who now wish they had n't , as a home for impractical crackpots ) , they were guardians of the chalice of consensus .
but , with the notable exception of the free-market institute of economic affairs ( widely regarded in the 1960s , by people who now wish they had n't , as a home for impractical crackpots ) , they were guardians of the chalice of [agreement/decision] .

The director of the Policy Studies Institute , Bill Daniel , acknowledges a belief that consensus is attainable if you ‘ establish the facts and get people of good will together .
the director of the policy studies institute , bill daniel , acknowledges a belief that [agreement/decision] is attainable if you ‘ establish the facts and get people of good will together .

If Germany is indeed to be the model , British think-tanks may soon be scrambling back towards technocracy and the politics of boring old consensus .
if germany is indeed to be the model , british think-tanks may soon be scrambling back towards technocracy and the politics of boring old [agreement/decision] .

This reflects two German habits : an old one , an academic tradition that takes the ‘ science ’ bit in social science very seriously ; and a newer yearning for consensus , for believing that all sensible people really agree with each other .
this reflects two german habits : an old one , an academic tradition that takes the ‘ science ’ bit in social science very seriously ; and a newer yearning for [agreement/decision] , for believing that all sensible people really agree with each other .

In Japan , as in Germany , love of consensus and the absence of a revolving door leave little room for unorthodox views peddled by independent institutes .
in japan , as in germany , love of [agreement/decision] and the absence of a revolving door leave little room for unorthodox views peddled by independent institutes .

If consensus breeds academic complaisance , chaos does the opposite .
if [agreement/decision] breeds academic complaisance , chaos does the opposite .

The problem is that the second question can not be answered until Washington comes up with a consensus on the first .
the problem is that the second question can not be answered until washington comes up with a [agreement/decision] on the first .

Mr Asoyan places greater emphasis than Mr Slovo on the forces of social and economic transformation and notes the dissipation of consensus of white opinion .
mr asoyan places greater emphasis than mr slovo on the forces of social and economic transformation and notes the dissipation of [agreement/decision] of white opinion .

Some Tories would argue that this is because the successors to Mrs Thatcher 's clear-cut brand of Conservatism have moved towards the soft centre and have floundered in the quicksands of consensus .
some tories would argue that this is because the successors to mrs thatcher 's clear-cut brand of conservatism have moved towards the soft centre and have floundered in the quicksands of [agreement/decision] .

The general consensus is that few horses should be inconvenienced by the ground .
the general [agreement/decision] is that few horses should be inconvenienced by the ground .

Despite the cloak of respectability official backing has given it , the Premier League seems unable to reach consensus or take corporate decisions .
despite the cloak of respectability official backing has given it , the premier league seems unable to reach [agreement/decision] or take corporate decisions .

Mr Kinnock , undertaking an intensive round of interviews after visiting Southampton , continued his efforts to woo wavering Liberal Democrats with the promise of a consensus government .
mr kinnock , undertaking an intensive round of interviews after visiting southampton , continued his efforts to woo wavering liberal democrats with the promise of a [agreement/decision] government .

An unexpected consensus has emerged , combining traditionally conservative concerns such as abortion and euthanasia with ‘ Left-wing ’ issues like homelessness and overseas aid .
an unexpected [agreement/decision] has emerged , combining traditionally conservative concerns such as abortion and euthanasia with ‘ left-wing ’ issues like homelessness and overseas aid .

Parallel to his attempt to portray Labour as a consensus government , Mr Kinnock sought to turn his confession of ‘ errors of judgment ’ over Europe and unilateralism into virtues in sharp contrast to Tory failure to apologise for ‘ Thatcher mistakes ’ .
parallel to his attempt to portray labour as a [agreement/decision] government , mr kinnock sought to turn his confession of ‘ errors of judgment ’ over europe and unilateralism into virtues in sharp contrast to tory failure to apologise for ‘ thatcher mistakes ’ .

Only better public transport , according to the new consensus , can save the city centres from the threat of gridlock .
only better public transport , according to the new [agreement/decision] , can save the city centres from the threat of gridlock .

Last night he stepped up his efforts to broaden his appeal to floating voters by promising that a Labour government would seek consensus and willingly listen to the voice of the people .
last night he stepped up his efforts to broaden his appeal to floating voters by promising that a labour government would seek [agreement/decision] and willingly listen to the voice of the people .

The minority parties , including the Liberal Democrats , would have to decide whether to support a Queen 's Speech based on consensus politics ‘ or whether to throw us back into the melting pot of a general election ’ .
the minority parties , including the liberal democrats , would have to decide whether to support a queen 's speech based on [agreement/decision] politics ‘ or whether to throw us back into the melting pot of a general election ’ .

Mr Kinnock indicated yesterday that , even if Labour became the majority government , he would make a strong appeal for consensus inside and outside Parliament and move away from the ‘ confrontational ’ politics of the past 13 years .
mr kinnock indicated yesterday that , even if labour became the majority government , he would make a strong appeal for [agreement/decision] inside and outside parliament and move away from the ‘ confrontational ’ politics of the past 13 years .

The remarks on Germany , France and Italy show what the dangers are when party confrontations disappear , whether because of excessive consensus or because of excessive fragmentation between parties .
the remarks on germany , france and italy show what the dangers are when party confrontations disappear , whether because of excessive [agreement/decision] or because of excessive fragmentation between parties .

At the general level there is indeed already a wide consensus that managing schools in the future will be different — but once we move from the most general to more specific views , there is considerable and very important diversity as to the nature of those changes .
at the general level there is indeed already a wide [agreement/decision] that managing schools in the future will be different — but once we move from the most general to more specific views , there is considerable and very important diversity as to the nature of those changes .

For some , this appears as a rapid move away from the consensus approach to change which characterised education up to the 1970s , and as a move towards imposed solutions at all levels of the service .
for some , this appears as a rapid move away from the [agreement/decision] approach to change which characterised education up to the 1970s , and as a move towards imposed solutions at all levels of the service .

While some regard these changes with optimism and others with foreboding , there is a growing consensus that they are changes of a very different magnitude and nature to anything since the Industrial Revolution — and even that comparison may underestimate the process as far as time-scale is concerned .
while some regard these changes with optimism and others with foreboding , there is a growing [agreement/decision] that they are changes of a very different magnitude and nature to anything since the industrial revolution — and even that comparison may underestimate the process as far as time-scale is concerned .

The early part of this chapter indicated that there is already a reasonable consensus that managing schools in the future will be different — equally it suggested that a simplistic ‘ chief executive , model is not universally accepted as the way forward , and that such a model is indeed a profoundly conservative one .
the early part of this chapter indicated that there is already a reasonable [agreement/decision] that managing schools in the future will be different — equally it suggested that a simplistic ‘ chief executive , model is not universally accepted as the way forward , and that such a model is indeed a profoundly conservative one .

There is no consensus view as to what constitutes the most desirable traits but qualities such as intelligence , initiative , self-confidence , enthusiasm are regularly featured in studies .
there is no [agreement/decision] view as to what constitutes the most desirable traits but qualities such as intelligence , initiative , self-confidence , enthusiasm are regularly featured in studies .

consensus decision making
[agreement/decision] decision making

Such training needs to be centred on a range of skills including : active listening , consensus decision making , conflict management , negotiating agreement , creative problem solving , self-appraisal and group dynamics .
such training needs to be centred on a range of skills including : active listening , [agreement/decision] decision making , conflict management , negotiating agreement , creative problem solving , self-appraisal and group dynamics .

Although it is difficult to determine what was the original material from which these rocks were derived , the general consensus of opinion is that the original material was of igneous origin , with the old term orthogneiss being used to describe these rocks in the past .
although it is difficult to determine what was the original material from which these rocks were derived , the general [agreement/decision] of opinion is that the original material was of igneous origin , with the old term orthogneiss being used to describe these rocks in the past .

In the long term , we want to see a united Ireland achieved by consensus and without violence .
in the long term , we want to see a united ireland achieved by [agreement/decision] and without violence .

This serpentine-shaped animal has been studied carefully by experts , and the general consensus is that the picture reveals a row of playful otters .
this serpentine-shaped animal has been studied carefully by experts , and the general [agreement/decision] is that the picture reveals a row of playful otters .

However , the Right Rev Timothy Bavin , Bishop of Portsmouth , said there was no real agreement or consensus in the Church .
however , the right rev timothy bavin , bishop of portsmouth , said there was no real agreement or [agreement/decision] in the church .

Such consensus was originally explained as the product of a distinct personality which members of the police either possessed before coming to the force or quickly develop as a result of the job ( for a survey of the literature on this see Adlam 1981 ) .
such [agreement/decision] was originally explained as the product of a distinct personality which members of the police either possessed before coming to the force or quickly develop as a result of the job ( for a survey of the literature on this see adlam 1981 ) .

More recently this consensus has been attributed to similar patterns of socialization into the canteen culture of the police ( for example , Brogden et al .
more recently this [agreement/decision] has been attributed to similar patterns of socialization into the canteen culture of the police ( for example , brogden et al .

Timothy Renton , Minister of State at the Home Office , told the conference the Government would not push to legislate while neither shops nor shoppers could agree on a solution , pressure groups could not agree , and Parliament could find no consensus .
timothy renton , minister of state at the home office , told the conference the government would not push to legislate while neither shops nor shoppers could agree on a solution , pressure groups could not agree , and parliament could find no [agreement/decision] .

For the purposes of this book , just two assertions will have to content us : first , some works have been intended by their makers to be seen as art ; second , there is a consensus today that other works are to be described as art .
for the purposes of this book , just two assertions will have to content us : first , some works have been intended by their makers to be seen as art ; second , there is a [agreement/decision] today that other works are to be described as art .

One problem with this cosy consensus , and its greatest irony , is that as a nation we take our pubs too much for granted .
one problem with this cosy [agreement/decision] , and its greatest irony , is that as a nation we take our pubs too much for granted .

Part of the state 's legitimate authority rested on this acknowledgement and it was built into its hegemonic structure and consensus .
part of the state 's legitimate authority rested on this acknowledgement and it was built into its hegemonic structure and [agreement/decision] .

The case highlights the extent to which it was possible for the religious intellectuals to misjudge exactly where the consensus lay , as well as the extent to which an evolving historical situation which created areas for new decision-making provided the field for a new power contest .
the case highlights the extent to which it was possible for the religious intellectuals to misjudge exactly where the [agreement/decision] lay , as well as the extent to which an evolving historical situation which created areas for new decision-making provided the field for a new power contest .

There is a strong case for arguing that the dominance of Roman catholic high clergy in the determination of key value ingredients in catholic — nationalist consensus in the South is in a state of change , and that certain aspects in particular are being challenged .
there is a strong case for arguing that the dominance of roman catholic high clergy in the determination of key value ingredients in catholic — nationalist [agreement/decision] in the south is in a state of change , and that certain aspects in particular are being challenged .

The episode shows , as Whyte says , ‘ not a clash between Church and State but a shifting consensus involving them both , ( 1980:399 ) .
the episode shows , as whyte says , ‘ not a clash between church and state but a shifting [agreement/decision] involving them both , ( 1980:399 ) .

The shifting consensus of church and state was not the major feature of the period .
the shifting [agreement/decision] of church and state was not the major feature of the period .

They were both cases expressing the consensus of politician and priest .
they were both cases expressing the [agreement/decision] of politician and priest .

In a pluralist world and an increasingly pluralist discipline , consensus about ethical behaviour and research practices is unattainable and compromise seems inevitable … The social researcher must make compromises … between roles as scientist and citizen ; between commitment and impartiality ; between openness and secrecy , honesty and deception ; and between the public right to know and the citizen 's right to privacy and protection … the onus for making decisions in practice rests with the individual researcher .
in a pluralist world and an increasingly pluralist discipline , [agreement/decision] about ethical behaviour and research practices is unattainable and compromise seems inevitable … the social researcher must make compromises … between roles as scientist and citizen ; between commitment and impartiality ; between openness and secrecy , honesty and deception ; and between the public right to know and the citizen 's right to privacy and protection … the onus for making decisions in practice rests with the individual researcher .

Its famous dictum was nuptias non concubitus , sed consensus facit : ‘ marriage is not in the intercourse but in the consent .
its famous dictum was nuptias non concubitus , sed [agreement/decision] facit : ‘ marriage is not in the intercourse but in the consent .

Even its controversial plans for the nationalization of major industries came to be accepted as part of a world built upon consensus .
even its controversial plans for the nationalization of major industries came to be accepted as part of a world built upon [agreement/decision] .

Nobody could have been better qualified to construct a consensus , even if it had to be temporary , from the new and angular alternatives that were now being proposed for the future of secondary schooling .
nobody could have been better qualified to construct a [agreement/decision] , even if it had to be temporary , from the new and angular alternatives that were now being proposed for the future of secondary schooling .

‘ Scenery great , food awful ’ is the consensus .
‘ scenery great , food awful ’ is the [agreement/decision] .

Suggesting that Saddam Hussein was deliberately lured into Kuwait to provide a pretext for the war , he urged the states in the region to ‘ arrive at a strategic consensus to provide a meaningful deterrent to zionist and western powers ’ .
suggesting that saddam hussein was deliberately lured into kuwait to provide a pretext for the war , he urged the states in the region to ‘ arrive at a strategic [agreement/decision] to provide a meaningful deterrent to zionist and western powers ’ .

This is not a reference to problems such as the environment , about which there is a consensus .
this is not a reference to problems such as the environment , about which there is a [agreement/decision] .

With this in view the consensus among the agencies is that there will be some discounting , because nobody can ever get it exactly right , but nothing like what has been available in recent years .
with this in view the [agreement/decision] among the agencies is that there will be some discounting , because nobody can ever get it exactly right , but nothing like what has been available in recent years .

Television is excellent for this , and Chomsky for long has had that great domain in which to show how governments and the big businesses linked to most television powers are very , very careful to be sure that few views are presented which violate the currently useful consensus .
television is excellent for this , and chomsky for long has had that great domain in which to show how governments and the big businesses linked to most television powers are very , very careful to be sure that few views are presented which violate the currently useful [agreement/decision] .

Mr Brazauskas , First Secretary of the republic 's party , said all political forces and ethnic groups should agree on a consensus that would fight for this goal , as well as social justice , human rights , and democracy .
mr brazauskas , first secretary of the republic 's party , said all political forces and ethnic groups should agree on a [agreement/decision] that would fight for this goal , as well as social justice , human rights , and democracy .

Mr Adamec failed to form a consensus government after the November revolution , and conceded after being elected that he did not have an easy task .
mr adamec failed to form a [agreement/decision] government after the november revolution , and conceded after being elected that he did not have an easy task .

Finally Ramsey said that he would respond to any invitation provided that it had a consensus of advice behind it , and provided he was sure that the need for strength in the North was considered .
finally ramsey said that he would respond to any invitation provided that it had a [agreement/decision] of advice behind it , and provided he was sure that the need for strength in the north was considered .

Keynes was trying to create a consensus around public works and his adoption of protection in the autumn of 1930 was almost certainly an attempt to enlist the support of the growing tariff lobby .
keynes was trying to create a [agreement/decision] around public works and his adoption of protection in the autumn of 1930 was almost certainly an attempt to enlist the support of the growing tariff lobby .

As long as Keynes pitched his arguments for credit expansion within the bounds of orthodoxy , he dominated the proceedings of the Committee and achieved a degree of consensus .
as long as keynes pitched his arguments for credit expansion within the bounds of orthodoxy , he dominated the proceedings of the committee and achieved a degree of [agreement/decision] .

Although some historians , often Marxists , have rejected this consensus , only recently have aspects of praxis , such as laboratory skills , been subjected to close and sustained study .
although some historians , often marxists , have rejected this [agreement/decision] , only recently have aspects of praxis , such as laboratory skills , been subjected to close and sustained study .

For tensions between regional factions within the party have constantly subordinated a consensus on development policy to the struggle for power .
for tensions between regional factions within the party have constantly subordinated a [agreement/decision] on development policy to the struggle for power .

Most countries now have to build on an economy in which the productive assets are very run down , and even more importantly , in which a political consensus remains elusive .
most countries now have to build on an economy in which the productive assets are very run down , and even more importantly , in which a political [agreement/decision] remains elusive .

It seemed to provide an envoi to the policies and economics of consensus , which had coincided with decades of calamitous financial and international decline .
it seemed to provide an envoi to the policies and economics of [agreement/decision] , which had coincided with decades of calamitous financial and international decline .

One after another , down to the end of 1988 at least , attempts to reform or redefine the old consensus on ‘ one-nation ’ lines proved ineffective .
one after another , down to the end of 1988 at least , attempts to reform or redefine the old [agreement/decision] on ‘ one-nation ’ lines proved ineffective .

No doubt it was hard to dismantle , or even dent , the consensus policies of thirty-five years at a stroke .
no doubt it was hard to dismantle , or even dent , the [agreement/decision] policies of thirty-five years at a stroke .

The rogue figure of Angus Maude became Paymaster-General , another symbol of revolt against Macmillan-style — politics and an opponent of the consensus approach .
the rogue figure of angus maude became paymaster-general , another symbol of revolt against macmillan-style — politics and an opponent of the [agreement/decision] approach .

Indeed , the very success of the Zimbabwean settlement , in line with repeated British withdrawals from colonial territories since the late 1950s , encouraged a growing impatience on Mrs Thatcher 's part with the consensus men of the Foreign Office and with Lord Carrington , its grandee incumbent .
indeed , the very success of the zimbabwean settlement , in line with repeated british withdrawals from colonial territories since the late 1950s , encouraged a growing impatience on mrs thatcher 's part with the [agreement/decision] men of the foreign office and with lord carrington , its grandee incumbent .

Dissidents like Francis Pym came and went ; his banner of revolt , The Politics of Consent ( 1984 ) , a cool , rational argument in favour of ‘ consensus ’ , failed to spark a Heathite revival .
dissidents like francis pym came and went ; his banner of revolt , the politics of consent ( 1984 ) , a cool , rational argument in favour of ‘ [agreement/decision] ’ , failed to spark a heathite revival .

There were limits to the extent to which the post-1945 consensus could be overturned .
there were limits to the extent to which the post-1945 [agreement/decision] could be overturned .

On the other hand critics of the consensus within the Labour and the Conservative parties are more likely to point to the failures of political will , courage , persistence , and policy preparation by their respective leaderships as explanations for the convergence .
on the other hand critics of the [agreement/decision] within the labour and the conservative parties are more likely to point to the failures of political will , courage , persistence , and policy preparation by their respective leaderships as explanations for the convergence .

In Parliament , opposition spokesmen condemned the proposals as an attack on the welfare state and a break with the consensus .
in parliament , opposition spokesmen condemned the proposals as an attack on the welfare state and a break with the [agreement/decision] .

The privatization programme has been recognized as a major break with the mixed economy consensus .
the privatization programme has been recognized as a major break with the mixed economy [agreement/decision] .

The mobilizer emphasizes taking decisions , task performance , and changing the status quo , whereas the reconciler is more concerned to maintain the consensus and cohesion of a group .
the mobilizer emphasizes taking decisions , task performance , and changing the status quo , whereas the reconciler is more concerned to maintain the [agreement/decision] and cohesion of a group .

On 18 January 1984 she told a gathering of parliamentary lobby journalists that she wished to be remembered for breaking the consensus and tackling traditionally ‘ immune targets ’ .
on 18 january 1984 she told a gathering of parliamentary lobby journalists that she wished to be remembered for breaking the [agreement/decision] and tackling traditionally ‘ immune targets ’ .

In the same speech she said that she wanted her government to be remembered as one ‘ which decisively broke with a debilitating consensus of a paternalistic Government and a dependent people ; which rejected the notion that the State is all powerful and the citizen is merely its beneficiary ; which shattered the illusion that Government could somehow substitute for individual performance ’ .
in the same speech she said that she wanted her government to be remembered as one ‘ which decisively broke with a debilitating [agreement/decision] of a paternalistic government and a dependent people ; which rejected the notion that the state is all powerful and the citizen is merely its beneficiary ; which shattered the illusion that government could somehow substitute for individual performance ’ .

The success of the mobilizer is to be measured in the accomplishment of goals ; conciliators are more interested in unity and consensus — even if it is directionless .
the success of the mobilizer is to be measured in the accomplishment of goals ; conciliators are more interested in unity and [agreement/decision] — even if it is directionless .

Instead , it is claimed , Britain 's economic decline has been reversed ; in the process much of the post-war consensus has been broken , and a good thing too .
instead , it is claimed , britain 's economic decline has been reversed ; in the process much of the post-war [agreement/decision] has been broken , and a good thing too .

On the other side , critics ( including some Conservatives ) claim that in their zeal to break the consensus the governments have destroyed much of manufacturing industry , starved the welfare state of resources , and divided British society .
on the other side , critics ( including some conservatives ) claim that in their zeal to break the [agreement/decision] the governments have destroyed much of manufacturing industry , starved the welfare state of resources , and divided british society .

Much of the alleged wisdom that inheres in institutions and practice is part of what she has regarded as the flabby consensus that dragged the country down .
much of the alleged wisdom that inheres in institutions and practice is part of what she has regarded as the flabby [agreement/decision] that dragged the country down .

As the product of a privileged background , he surely represented the type of rich Conservative who was inhibited by what Mrs Thatcher once called ‘ bourgeois guilt ’ ( see p. 246 ) , and a directionless consensus .
as the product of a privileged background , he surely represented the type of rich conservative who was inhibited by what mrs thatcher once called ‘ bourgeois guilt ’ ( see p. 246 ) , and a directionless [agreement/decision] .

The erosion of consensus politics overtook local government as it did many other areas of public life .
the erosion of [agreement/decision] politics overtook local government as it did many other areas of public life .

’ According to the Archbishop of Canterbury , ‘ There seems to be a movement from consensus to confrontation and also a growing scale of confrontation .
’ according to the archbishop of canterbury , ‘ there seems to be a movement from [agreement/decision] to confrontation and also a growing scale of confrontation .

But radicals in both parties who favoured radical changes , either to the left or to the right , have frequently condemned the civil service as the embodiment of an above-party consensus favouring continuity of policy .
but radicals in both parties who favoured radical changes , either to the left or to the right , have frequently condemned the civil service as the embodiment of an above-party [agreement/decision] favouring continuity of policy .

These eminent figures from the age of consensus felt that Mrs Thatcher was betraying their ‘ One Nation ’ legacy .
these eminent figures from the age of [agreement/decision] felt that mrs thatcher was betraying their ‘ one nation ’ legacy .

For all the talk about a new consensus and a new realism , however , a number of issues remain open .
for all the talk about a new [agreement/decision] and a new realism , however , a number of issues remain open .

Will they develop incrementally along existing lines or will there be a change cyclically to something resembling the old consensus ?
will they develop incrementally along existing lines or will there be a change cyclically to something resembling the old [agreement/decision] ?

The general consensus among modern anthropologists is that we too should get away from the notion of private property as we know it , when we analyse the economic system of pre-literate peoples , but instead talk of a multiplicity of rights of different types .
the general [agreement/decision] among modern anthropologists is that we too should get away from the notion of private property as we know it , when we analyse the economic system of pre-literate peoples , but instead talk of a multiplicity of rights of different types .

There is still no consensus over the issue of a Syrian military withdrawal from Lebanon — which the Christian MPs have been obliged by their militia leaders and by General Michel Aoun to discuss , although the Muslims are reluctant to debate the topic at present .
there is still no [agreement/decision] over the issue of a syrian military withdrawal from lebanon — which the christian mps have been obliged by their militia leaders and by general michel aoun to discuss , although the muslims are reluctant to debate the topic at present .

Martial law , capable of preserving order but not reversing economic decline , in turn yields to semi-pluralism as the principle of the party 's monopoly of power is jettisoned to create a national consensus behind measures to salvage the country 's economy .
martial law , capable of preserving order but not reversing economic decline , in turn yields to semi-pluralism as the principle of the party 's monopoly of power is jettisoned to create a national [agreement/decision] behind measures to salvage the country 's economy .

The outlines of a new post-Thatcherite consensus begin to be visible .
the outlines of a new post-thatcherite [agreement/decision] begin to be visible .

Founded after the war with de Gaulle 's blessing , its official brief was to recreate a national consensus and rekindle public faith in the Press which the collaborationist ‘ newspapers ’ of the war years had almost extinguished .
founded after the war with de gaulle 's blessing , its official brief was to recreate a national [agreement/decision] and rekindle public faith in the press which the collaborationist ‘ newspapers ’ of the war years had almost extinguished .

The main source and authority in selecting architects is the consensus created by the trade press .
the main source and authority in selecting architects is the [agreement/decision] created by the trade press .

It was such a simple thing , to go against the consensus reality , but so few human beings could work up the willpower .
it was such a simple thing , to go against the [agreement/decision] reality , but so few human beings could work up the willpower .

As experience is gained of the complexity of the problems and the inadequacy of planning and assistance approaches , a consensus is emerging that the primary need is to identify problems , rather than simply geographical areas .
as experience is gained of the complexity of the problems and the inadequacy of planning and assistance approaches , a [agreement/decision] is emerging that the primary need is to identify problems , rather than simply geographical areas .

This is a radical right or radical consensus model of society , in which values of individualism and freedom are emphasized , and inequality is accepted as a necessary consequence of the latter .
this is a radical right or radical [agreement/decision] model of society , in which values of individualism and freedom are emphasized , and inequality is accepted as a necessary consequence of the latter .

Consensus arises from the absence of any fundamental challenge for change in society ; individuals judge what is in their best interests within a basic framework of laws .
[agreement/decision] arises from the absence of any fundamental challenge for change in society ; individuals judge what is in their best interests within a basic framework of laws .

The models differ in their treatment of consensus and conflict , and in the thoroughness with which they explore the nature of social inequalities and the prospects for anti-oppressive practices .
the models differ in their treatment of [agreement/decision] and conflict , and in the thoroughness with which they explore the nature of social inequalities and the prospects for anti-oppressive practices .

This is a reminder of the breadth of the concept of prevention and the absence of any real consensus in our society about the values underlying social policies or preventive child care .
this is a reminder of the breadth of the concept of prevention and the absence of any real [agreement/decision] in our society about the values underlying social policies or preventive child care .

Communities in which there is a very special relationship between the individual and his neighbours , regulated to some extent by statute , but to a very much greater extent by custom and consensus ; and , of course , subject at times to the frictions and disruptions which are inevitable in any human situation .
communities in which there is a very special relationship between the individual and his neighbours , regulated to some extent by statute , but to a very much greater extent by custom and [agreement/decision] ; and , of course , subject at times to the frictions and disruptions which are inevitable in any human situation .

In doing so , the Church has to take into account ‘ the Tradition ’ — the consensus of teaching and practice down the centuries .
in doing so , the church has to take into account ‘ the tradition ’ — the [agreement/decision] of teaching and practice down the centuries .

This does not mean that a consensus has been reached about either the inescapability of the male gaze or its centrality in feminist film analysis .
this does not mean that a [agreement/decision] has been reached about either the inescapability of the male gaze or its centrality in feminist film analysis .

The latter camp took heart yesterday from Mr Rocard 's insistence that any decision must be based on a consensus , but realise that they have a tough fight ahead persuading others of the logic of their arguments .
the latter camp took heart yesterday from mr rocard 's insistence that any decision must be based on a [agreement/decision] , but realise that they have a tough fight ahead persuading others of the logic of their arguments .

‘ For Northern Ireland , the long term solution lies in a united Ireland achieved by consensus and without violence .
‘ for northern ireland , the long term solution lies in a united ireland achieved by [agreement/decision] and without violence .

The consensus is that although conditions at flowering were similar to those years which triggered the Moulin saga , a repeat with any particular variety this season is unlikely .
the [agreement/decision] is that although conditions at flowering were similar to those years which triggered the moulin saga , a repeat with any particular variety this season is unlikely .

It was nice to talk over old times and Swire Sugden assured me that in future he would get a consensus before sending in the bulldozers .
it was nice to talk over old times and swire sugden assured me that in future he would get a [agreement/decision] before sending in the bulldozers .

There is a great consensus building up between the peoples of East and West as to the sort of Europe they want to see .
there is a great [agreement/decision] building up between the peoples of east and west as to the sort of europe they want to see .

The worsening economic situation , and a dramatic increase in industrial conflict between 1929 and 1932 , served to sour the possibility of a long-term consensus between employers and trade unionists .
the worsening economic situation , and a dramatic increase in industrial conflict between 1929 and 1932 , served to sour the possibility of a long-term [agreement/decision] between employers and trade unionists .

In fact , there is currently no consensus on exactly how to calibrate a radiocarbon result .
in fact , there is currently no [agreement/decision] on exactly how to calibrate a radiocarbon result .

In recent years a critical consensus has gradually been forming as to the nature of postmodernism .
in recent years a critical [agreement/decision] has gradually been forming as to the nature of postmodernism .

The United States decided that isolation with Israel from the consensus of the whole world community was too high a price to pay .
the united states decided that isolation with israel from the [agreement/decision] of the whole world community was too high a price to pay .

There was no national consensus except over East Jerusalem , which was annexed in July , and over the Golan Heights , which was also declared non-negotiable by the end of the year .
there was no national [agreement/decision] except over east jerusalem , which was annexed in july , and over the golan heights , which was also declared non-negotiable by the end of the year .

The spontaneity and autonomy of these committees within ‘ the national consensus ’ were striking features .
the spontaneity and autonomy of these committees within ‘ the national [agreement/decision] ’ were striking features .

There is less consensus in practice than the Commission admitted .
there is less [agreement/decision] in practice than the commission admitted .

When it comes down to specifics , there is not even any real consensus between the political parties about the state 's duty to secure the civil , political and social elements of citizenship identified by Marshall .
when it comes down to specifics , there is not even any real [agreement/decision] between the political parties about the state 's duty to secure the civil , political and social elements of citizenship identified by marshall .

It will also rekindle suspicions among the Euro-sceptical wing of the Tory Party that the MEPs , led by Sir Christopher Prout , have sold out to a new brand of Euro-federalism , redolent of continental social and industrial consensus politics .
it will also rekindle suspicions among the euro-sceptical wing of the tory party that the meps , led by sir christopher prout , have sold out to a new brand of euro-federalism , redolent of continental social and industrial [agreement/decision] politics .

Above all , Labour in the long term wants to see ‘ a united Ireland achieved by consensus and without violence ’ .
above all , labour in the long term wants to see ‘ a united ireland achieved by [agreement/decision] and without violence ’ .

No retro-bolting should take place without a common consensus of opinion , including that of the first ascentionists .
no retro-bolting should take place without a common [agreement/decision] of opinion , including that of the first ascentionists .

The consensus is that such technologies will require international standardisation , long-term planning and organisational coordination .
the [agreement/decision] is that such technologies will require international standardisation , long-term planning and organisational coordination .

Once the consensus began to fragment , theoretical challenges found room to enter .
once the [agreement/decision] began to fragment , theoretical challenges found room to enter .

Since Chinese officials have also said recently that there will be few major alterations to the Basic Law between its interim and final drafts , their intention may be to declare that proliferation of ideas about political reform indicates an absence of consensus in Hong Kong , and leave Mr Cha 's proposal in place .
since chinese officials have also said recently that there will be few major alterations to the basic law between its interim and final drafts , their intention may be to declare that proliferation of ideas about political reform indicates an absence of [agreement/decision] in hong kong , and leave mr cha 's proposal in place .

Britain has been muttering that if it perceives a ‘ consensus for democracy ’ in Hong Kong , it will start ‘ talking tough ’ to Peking at a diplomatic level , and perhaps even adopt the Legislative Council proposals for 1995 in the teeth of Chinese opposition and without regard to ‘ convergence ’ with the Basic Law .
britain has been muttering that if it perceives a ‘ [agreement/decision] for democracy ’ in hong kong , it will start ‘ talking tough ’ to peking at a diplomatic level , and perhaps even adopt the legislative council proposals for 1995 in the teeth of chinese opposition and without regard to ‘ convergence ’ with the basic law .

Mr Lo thus put himself in the forefront of consensus politics in Hong Kong , thereby leaving his unrelated namesake , Lo Tak-shing , to seize the high ground further to the right .
mr lo thus put himself in the forefront of [agreement/decision] politics in hong kong , thereby leaving his unrelated namesake , lo tak-shing , to seize the high ground further to the right .

There is a clear consensus about the purpose of washing powders or mouse traps ; it 's easy to judge whether they are efficient , effective and provide value for money .
there is a clear [agreement/decision] about the purpose of washing powders or mouse traps ; it 's easy to judge whether they are efficient , effective and provide value for money .

There is unlikely to be a consensus view amongst the parents or even in the staff room about standards in these matters .
there is unlikely to be a [agreement/decision] view amongst the parents or even in the staff room about standards in these matters .

Although no separate figures are yet available on short-term care facilities , the consensus is that they are inadequate at the present time .
although no separate figures are yet available on short-term care facilities , the [agreement/decision] is that they are inadequate at the present time .

Many parents and would-be parents watching the play would understand the mother 's position because it reflected the consensus of public opinion .
many parents and would-be parents watching the play would understand the mother 's position because it reflected the [agreement/decision] of public opinion .

Instead they would continue to work towards what they had earlier described as ‘ a national consensus on a desirable frame-work for the curriculum ’ in the quest for ‘ improvement in the consistency and quality of school education across the country ’ .
instead they would continue to work towards what they had earlier described as ‘ a national [agreement/decision] on a desirable frame-work for the curriculum ’ in the quest for ‘ improvement in the consistency and quality of school education across the country ’ .

Take a leading role in group discussions , eg by taking the chair , listening with concentration and understanding , noting down salient points , summarising arguments and , where appropriate , formulating a consensus .
take a leading role in group discussions , eg by taking the chair , listening with concentration and understanding , noting down salient points , summarising arguments and , where appropriate , formulating a [agreement/decision] .

discuss a variety of issues in small and large groups , listening to — and taking account of — the views of others , and negotiating a consensus as appropriate ;
discuss a variety of issues in small and large groups , listening to — and taking account of — the views of others , and negotiating a [agreement/decision] as appropriate ;

This might have been a drawback of such accounts but for the fact that linguistic accounts understood in accord with the current consensus among analytic philosophers either are not possible or lack any philosophical interest .
this might have been a drawback of such accounts but for the fact that linguistic accounts understood in accord with the current [agreement/decision] among analytic philosophers either are not possible or lack any philosophical interest .

Third , and most important , is Rawls ' blindness to the possibility that the social role of a doctrine of justice may be met by consensus concerning the second best , given that an ideal constitution is not feasible .
third , and most important , is rawls ' blindness to the possibility that the social role of a doctrine of justice may be met by [agreement/decision] concerning the second best , given that an ideal constitution is not feasible .

The political consensus has also extended to the trade unions , where the position of the Trades Union Congress was dominated by the large industrial unions who had members within the nuclear fold .
the political [agreement/decision] has also extended to the trade unions , where the position of the trades union congress was dominated by the large industrial unions who had members within the nuclear fold .

Despite — some would say because of — the cosy consensus which had been created by a powerful nuclear lobby with tacit political support , the development of nuclear power in Britain has not followed a smooth path .
despite — some would say because of — the cosy [agreement/decision] which had been created by a powerful nuclear lobby with tacit political support , the development of nuclear power in britain has not followed a smooth path .

The consensus was that the palm should go to Darrick Doerner , a sinewy , red-haired Waimea lifeguard .
the [agreement/decision] was that the palm should go to darrick doerner , a sinewy , red-haired waimea lifeguard .

In this era of consensus , there was general agreement within the kingdom that the British constitution was ‘ the envy of the world ’ .
in this era of [agreement/decision] , there was general agreement within the kingdom that the british constitution was ‘ the envy of the world ’ .

The result would be a kind of consensus of truth , a fully democratic method of discovering what was useful , what actually worked , and thus what was true .
the result would be a kind of [agreement/decision] of truth , a fully democratic method of discovering what was useful , what actually worked , and thus what was true .

Whether connected logically or only chronologically , while this , or something like it , was the consensus in maintained schools , in universities there was an equal rejection of authority , here mostly among students themselves .
whether connected logically or only chronologically , while this , or something like it , was the [agreement/decision] in maintained schools , in universities there was an equal rejection of authority , here mostly among students themselves .

In the absence of consensus , government has to be bold enough to propose its own answers , and these must be seen to incorporate an underlying principle , carried through and exemplified in all of the stages of education from primary to tertiary .
in the absence of [agreement/decision] , government has to be bold enough to propose its own answers , and these must be seen to incorporate an underlying principle , carried through and exemplified in all of the stages of education from primary to tertiary .

It must also be presumed that gradually over the years some kind of folklore will develop , a collective consensus about how to apply the criteria to the actual written work to be examined , whether as course-work or examination scripts .
it must also be presumed that gradually over the years some kind of folklore will develop , a collective [agreement/decision] about how to apply the criteria to the actual written work to be examined , whether as course-work or examination scripts .

All of this can come as no surprise , since one of the greatest difficulties which confronts the medical legal commentator in dealing with the treatment of the terminally ill is that techniques and technology have developed and changed with such rapidity in the past decade or so that it is only vaguely that the problems are perceived , let alone responded to by developing a general consensus in the form of law .
all of this can come as no surprise , since one of the greatest difficulties which confronts the medical legal commentator in dealing with the treatment of the terminally ill is that techniques and technology have developed and changed with such rapidity in the past decade or so that it is only vaguely that the problems are perceived , let alone responded to by developing a general [agreement/decision] in the form of law .

The question of criminal liability can not be relegated to a matter of medical consensus .
the question of criminal liability can not be relegated to a matter of medical [agreement/decision] .

The word ‘ humanity ’ borrowed some of its force from the 1959 approach , but the rest of the definition would have taken us back to a test of manners based on an assumption of consensus which is at worst suspect and at best unproven , but which is to be measured only by outrage , surely an irrational and wholly subjective response .
the word ‘ humanity ’ borrowed some of its force from the 1959 approach , but the rest of the definition would have taken us back to a test of manners based on an assumption of [agreement/decision] which is at worst suspect and at best unproven , but which is to be measured only by outrage , surely an irrational and wholly subjective response .

The general consensus of opinion is that there are a number of stresses that affect trees , including climate , frost , drought , insects , fungi and unnatural air pollution .
the general [agreement/decision] of opinion is that there are a number of stresses that affect trees , including climate , frost , drought , insects , fungi and unnatural air pollution .

One of the powerful motivating forces behind any spatially focused social or economic policy is that a degree of political consensus can be reached in identifying economic dislocation and poverty with particular places .
one of the powerful motivating forces behind any spatially focused social or economic policy is that a degree of political [agreement/decision] can be reached in identifying economic dislocation and poverty with particular places .

There is a new consensus that purely physical developments based on property-led solutions are not enough .
there is a new [agreement/decision] that purely physical developments based on property-led solutions are not enough .

There were a few catholic families but the majority and the consensus derived from presbyterian Scottish/Ulster stock .
there were a few catholic families but the majority and the [agreement/decision] derived from presbyterian scottish/ulster stock .

’ The general consensus of opinion at the time was that Louis had lost all reason .
’ the general [agreement/decision] of opinion at the time was that louis had lost all reason .

Basic training and anti-racist training are two areas about which there has been debate in order to reach a national consensus for good practice .
basic training and anti-racist training are two areas about which there has been debate in order to reach a national [agreement/decision] for good practice .

It would be hard to find a consensus definition of ‘ six sessions ’ but nevertheless the principle of in-service training is paramount throughout the service .
it would be hard to find a [agreement/decision] definition of ‘ six sessions ’ but nevertheless the principle of in-service training is paramount throughout the service .

Although no clear consensus has emerged from these discussions , one idea in particular has acquired a sizeable following .
although no clear [agreement/decision] has emerged from these discussions , one idea in particular has acquired a sizeable following .

But this consensus conceals important differences , especially those that concern when cruelty occurs .
but this [agreement/decision] conceals important differences , especially those that concern when cruelty occurs .

If there is goodwill on both sides , sorting out the precise details of the termination deal may not be too difficult once there is a consensus on the key points of principle .
if there is goodwill on both sides , sorting out the precise details of the termination deal may not be too difficult once there is a [agreement/decision] on the key points of principle .

Their view of management rests on the assumption that a consensus exists on values and priorities within the Service .
their view of management rests on the assumption that a [agreement/decision] exists on values and priorities within the service .

Unfortunately consensus is n't always in evidence amongst those who would claim to be in ‘ partnership ’ .
unfortunately [agreement/decision] is n't always in evidence amongst those who would claim to be in ‘ partnership ’ .

Consensus has to be a necessary condition of partnership .
[agreement/decision] has to be a necessary condition of partnership .

Section 52 agreements can be advantageous both to the developer and the local authority , but there is a drawback in that if one of the parties , usually the developer or his successor in title , wish to alter the agreement , then in the absence of consensus , the only way is by application to the Lands Tribunal under s.84 of the Law of Property Act 1925 .
section 52 agreements can be advantageous both to the developer and the local authority , but there is a drawback in that if one of the parties , usually the developer or his successor in title , wish to alter the agreement , then in the absence of [agreement/decision] , the only way is by application to the lands tribunal under s.84 of the law of property act 1925 .

steer conversations through to consensus decisions by encouraging group members to say what they really think and genuinely agree on a course of action
steer conversations through to [agreement/decision] decisions by encouraging group members to say what they really think and genuinely agree on a course of action

‘ lead from the front ’ by deciding what needs to be done in difficult situations , where a consensus can not be reached or where time is tight .
‘ lead from the front ’ by deciding what needs to be done in difficult situations , where a [agreement/decision] can not be reached or where time is tight .

Just as the post-war local government system can be understood as a key element of the social-democratic consensus developed in that period , so it has been argued that ‘ what is needed is a new municipal culture ’ to fit the changed social and economic realities of the late twentieth century ( Walker , 1983 , p. 10 ) .
just as the post-war local government system can be understood as a key element of the social-democratic [agreement/decision] developed in that period , so it has been argued that ‘ what is needed is a new municipal culture ’ to fit the changed social and economic realities of the late twentieth century ( walker , 1983 , p. 10 ) .

This role , of locally providing and administering a wide range of public services , from planning and transport to housing and education , was deeply embedded in the postwar political consensus , and local government seemed to have found a safe and secure niche with the coming of a fully fledged welfare state .
this role , of locally providing and administering a wide range of public services , from planning and transport to housing and education , was deeply embedded in the postwar political [agreement/decision] , and local government seemed to have found a safe and secure niche with the coming of a fully fledged welfare state .

At the local level it was expressed by a shared set of values and policies , operating within a welfare state consensus .
at the local level it was expressed by a shared set of values and policies , operating within a welfare state [agreement/decision] .

Local government had its place within this consensus , and its role was accepted by both major political parties .
local government had its place within this [agreement/decision] , and its role was accepted by both major political parties .

This situation can be contrasted with the 1950s and 1960s when , under the boom conditions of Keynesian economic management and social-democratic political consensus , local government was largely free of detailed financial or administrative control .
this situation can be contrasted with the 1950s and 1960s when , under the boom conditions of keynesian economic management and social-democratic political [agreement/decision] , local government was largely free of detailed financial or administrative control .

The Keynesian consensus , built on an expanding economy in which private profit could be balanced with social need , has now been destroyed by recession and economic decline .
the keynesian [agreement/decision] , built on an expanding economy in which private profit could be balanced with social need , has now been destroyed by recession and economic decline .

Somewhat ironically , the erstwhile consensus has been best represented by the formation of new centre parties — the Social Democratic Party and the Social and Liberal Democrats .
somewhat ironically , the erstwhile [agreement/decision] has been best represented by the formation of new centre parties — the social democratic party and the social and liberal democrats .

Before looking at local economic strategies in more detail we should point out that the decline of consensus politics at the national level does not inevitably lead to an increase in local political activity .
before looking at local economic strategies in more detail we should point out that the decline of [agreement/decision] politics at the national level does not inevitably lead to an increase in local political activity .

They also share a rejection of the postwar consensus in both labour relations and state policy .
they also share a rejection of the postwar [agreement/decision] in both labour relations and state policy .

It also suggests the need for a senior management team unfettered by the need to consult with or seek consensus amongst the staff .
it also suggests the need for a senior management team unfettered by the need to consult with or seek [agreement/decision] amongst the staff .

It stresses teacher professionalism , equity of opinions , consensus and consultation , and seeks to harness the creativity , expertise , experience and commitment of the staff of the school to the realisation of agreed aims , priorities and values .
it stresses teacher professionalism , equity of opinions , [agreement/decision] and consultation , and seeks to harness the creativity , expertise , experience and commitment of the staff of the school to the realisation of agreed aims , priorities and values .

Peers School ( 1988 ) in Oxford , has taken this one step further and conducted an opinion poll among parents and pupils with questions such as ‘ Is discipline in lessons too strict , about right or too lenient ? ’ As is often the case with such surveys , no clear consensus emerged over many of the questions and some apparently contradictory points were made ( ‘ Not enough homework ’ ; ‘ too heavy a coursework load ’ ) but the whole exercise must have yielded useful information for teachers and a welcome awareness among parents that here is an open school much concerned about the quality of experience it offers its students and responsive to the views of all partners in the education service .
peers school ( 1988 ) in oxford , has taken this one step further and conducted an opinion poll among parents and pupils with questions such as ‘ is discipline in lessons too strict , about right or too lenient ? ’ as is often the case with such surveys , no clear [agreement/decision] emerged over many of the questions and some apparently contradictory points were made ( ‘ not enough homework ’ ; ‘ too heavy a coursework load ’ ) but the whole exercise must have yielded useful information for teachers and a welcome awareness among parents that here is an open school much concerned about the quality of experience it offers its students and responsive to the views of all partners in the education service .

’ The general consensus of opinion was in favour of keeping it .
’ the general [agreement/decision] of opinion was in favour of keeping it .

The consensus view , emerging from experimental psychologists in both America and Britain , is neatly summed up by Professor John Brown of Bristol University 's Psychology Department : traumatic amnesia aside , he said , ‘ there is no reliable evidence that you can remember under hypnosis what you ca n't remember normally .
the [agreement/decision] view , emerging from experimental psychologists in both america and britain , is neatly summed up by professor john brown of bristol university 's psychology department : traumatic amnesia aside , he said , ‘ there is no reliable evidence that you can remember under hypnosis what you ca n't remember normally .

So the regulatory tactic should be to ban the risks consensus defines as unacceptable and to impose ( if necessary ) a duty to limit other risks as far as money allows .
so the regulatory tactic should be to ban the risks [agreement/decision] defines as unacceptable and to impose ( if necessary ) a duty to limit other risks as far as money allows .

The consensus must be open and public .
the [agreement/decision] must be open and public .

That means publishing research , collecting data on morality in factories and constructing some forum where consensus can be agreed by negotiation .
that means publishing research , collecting data on morality in factories and constructing some forum where [agreement/decision] can be agreed by negotiation .

And above all , it means that the government can not , in private , pre-empt consensus .
and above all , it means that the government can not , in private , pre-empt [agreement/decision] .

For example , it steadfastly refuses to ban lead in petrol even though there is now no scientist of repute willing to say that leaded petrol is , on balance , blameless and even though opinion polls have shown a massive public consensus against lead in petrol .
for example , it steadfastly refuses to ban lead in petrol even though there is now no scientist of repute willing to say that leaded petrol is , on balance , blameless and even though opinion polls have shown a massive public [agreement/decision] against lead in petrol .

What is remarkable is that a consensus is achieved by natural selection , and the neologism is usually accepted by most people fairly quickly .
what is remarkable is that a [agreement/decision] is achieved by natural selection , and the neologism is usually accepted by most people fairly quickly .

however , there was no consensus on how to fill the gaps in the government 's case .
however , there was no [agreement/decision] on how to fill the gaps in the government 's case .

In science , especially the hard sciences , the culprits are normally up against a robust professional consensus that defines excellence , originality , and the nature of evidence .
in science , especially the hard sciences , the culprits are normally up against a robust professional [agreement/decision] that defines excellence , originality , and the nature of evidence .

To be sure , from time to time the consensus may weaken in one science or another ( — the paradigm shifts ’ , as we have learned to say ) and then , for a period , matters grow more complicated .
to be sure , from time to time the [agreement/decision] may weaken in one science or another ( — the paradigm shifts ’ , as we have learned to say ) and then , for a period , matters grow more complicated .

Rating scales exploit the consensus among human observers in judging which aspects of an interaction are ‘ surface noise ’ , and which carry ‘ the tune ’ .
rating scales exploit the [agreement/decision] among human observers in judging which aspects of an interaction are ‘ surface noise ’ , and which carry ‘ the tune ’ .

But buoyancy aside , it was also sobering to hear a practising optimist calling for a ‘ mathematics of misery ’ — an agreement , by consensus , about the costs and benefits of different medical treatments , and where the unavoidable choices should be made .
but buoyancy aside , it was also sobering to hear a practising optimist calling for a ‘ mathematics of misery ’ — an agreement , by [agreement/decision] , about the costs and benefits of different medical treatments , and where the unavoidable choices should be made .

The committee says it is ‘ unwilling to assume that negative mouse data necessarily outweigh the consensus of a variety of short-term tests .
the committee says it is ‘ unwilling to assume that negative mouse data necessarily outweigh the [agreement/decision] of a variety of short-term tests .

There are two ways , not mutually exclusive , by which goals may be set and subsequently made public — through a political announcement of national policy and philosophy and its application to the school system and/or by seeking some form of consensus through a commission , review or national symposium .
there are two ways , not mutually exclusive , by which goals may be set and subsequently made public — through a political announcement of national policy and philosophy and its application to the school system and/or by seeking some form of [agreement/decision] through a commission , review or national symposium .

Thus , while there does seem to be a widespread belief that primary school closure threatens the way of life of rural communities , this belief rests on assumption and common consensus rather than careful study of the question .
thus , while there does seem to be a widespread belief that primary school closure threatens the way of life of rural communities , this belief rests on assumption and common [agreement/decision] rather than careful study of the question .

It is only at the wedding that the two people most concerned are actually fully involved in the decision to have a religious ceremony , albeit not always as a result of a happy consensus , but nevertheless under pressure from some influence which inculcates the belief that some benefit will accrue to the marriage from the involvement of a believed-in ‘ god ’ .
it is only at the wedding that the two people most concerned are actually fully involved in the decision to have a religious ceremony , albeit not always as a result of a happy [agreement/decision] , but nevertheless under pressure from some influence which inculcates the belief that some benefit will accrue to the marriage from the involvement of a believed-in ‘ god ’ .

If this is the decision , then such a way of life can be specified as Godly and incorporated into the Created God for as long as a consensus desires it .
if this is the decision , then such a way of life can be specified as godly and incorporated into the created god for as long as a [agreement/decision] desires it .

Later , a change comes about , and a consensus supports the First Choice , which allows the forceful seizure of the goods , and the action , in accordance with the definition proffered earlier , is labelled ‘ evil ’ .
later , a change comes about , and a [agreement/decision] supports the first choice , which allows the forceful seizure of the goods , and the action , in accordance with the definition proffered earlier , is labelled ‘ evil ’ .

However , despite the absence of a single world-wide consensus on religious observance , once the child is born there will be , for the majority of parents , a decision on religious ritual to be taken .
however , despite the absence of a single world-wide [agreement/decision] on religious observance , once the child is born there will be , for the majority of parents , a decision on religious ritual to be taken .

Within the limits of the one party dictatorship prevailing in the Soviet Union Bukharin could be considered to be a consensus politician , seeking growth through co-operation not conflict .
within the limits of the one party dictatorship prevailing in the soviet union bukharin could be considered to be a [agreement/decision] politician , seeking growth through co-operation not conflict .

One criticism which is often levelled at record reviewers is their frequent inability to reach even a mild degree of consensus regarding ‘ best ’ versions .
one criticism which is often levelled at record reviewers is their frequent inability to reach even a mild degree of [agreement/decision] regarding ‘ best ’ versions .

Consensus : Some preliminary work on the theory of consensus and hierarchical prioritization studies .
[agreement/decision] : some preliminary work on the theory of [agreement/decision] and hierarchical prioritization studies .

Opera North 's 1989 production of Mussorgsky 's original seven-scene version of Boris Godunov was , by general consensus , regarded as a supreme achievement of Opera North 's first decade .
opera north 's 1989 production of mussorgsky 's original seven-scene version of boris godunov was , by general [agreement/decision] , regarded as a supreme achievement of opera north 's first decade .

Merton starts from the basic functionalist position that social stability is based on a strong consensus of values , which the majority of people come to share .
merton starts from the basic functionalist position that social stability is based on a strong [agreement/decision] of values , which the majority of people come to share .

This is a general danger or problem with theories that are based on a consensus view of society — a view that society is held together by common values , shared by all .
this is a general danger or problem with theories that are based on a [agreement/decision] view of society — a view that society is held together by common values , shared by all .

This implies that social groups are characterised by consensus .
this implies that social groups are characterised by [agreement/decision] .

Although the agent bank may have power to renegotiate the loan contract , a consensus is required on any major adjustments relating to interest and repayment , e.g .
although the agent bank may have power to renegotiate the loan contract , a [agreement/decision] is required on any major adjustments relating to interest and repayment , e.g .

Consensus politics is the game of the mealy-mouthed who are so busy having ‘ dialogue ’ with everything that moves that they end up talking a language only they understand , an ecclesiastical esperanto which is alien to the outsider .
[agreement/decision] politics is the game of the mealy-mouthed who are so busy having ‘ dialogue ’ with everything that moves that they end up talking a language only they understand , an ecclesiastical esperanto which is alien to the outsider .

She does not base her decisions solely on the consensus of the group or the individual child 's desires , but also does not regard herself as infallible or divinely inspired .
she does not base her decisions solely on the [agreement/decision] of the group or the individual child 's desires , but also does not regard herself as infallible or divinely inspired .

There is general consensus in the research studies that physical punishment does ‘ work ’ in the limited sense that it will suppress many behaviours quickly and completely — the latter only if alternative ( competing ) and desirable behaviours are encouraged with positive reinforcement ( rewards ) .
there is general [agreement/decision] in the research studies that physical punishment does ‘ work ’ in the limited sense that it will suppress many behaviours quickly and completely — the latter only if alternative ( competing ) and desirable behaviours are encouraged with positive reinforcement ( rewards ) .

State intervention , collectivism and political consensus , which had characterized politics after 1945 , were seen as significant causes of economic decline and social dependency .
state intervention , collectivism and political [agreement/decision] , which had characterized politics after 1945 , were seen as significant causes of economic decline and social dependency .

This apparent breakdown in the post-war consensus has been attributed to a number of inter-related processes .
this apparent breakdown in the post-war [agreement/decision] has been attributed to a number of inter-related processes .

Policy modifications and developments occurred through consensus and persuasion .
policy modifications and developments occurred through [agreement/decision] and persuasion .

Consensus and co-operation would ensure success .
[agreement/decision] and co-operation would ensure success .

Centrally-determined control , commitment and conviction replaced consensus and cooperation .
centrally-determined control , commitment and conviction replaced [agreement/decision] and cooperation .

As that chapter points out , the underlying principles of the Labour government 's approach in the late 1970s — Partnership between central and local government , and consensus and cooperation — became much less fashionable in the following decade .
as that chapter points out , the underlying principles of the labour government 's approach in the late 1970s — partnership between central and local government , and [agreement/decision] and cooperation — became much less fashionable in the following decade .

It assumes that an easy consensus can be achieved about the nature of the problem and its resolution , when this is rarely the case .
it assumes that an easy [agreement/decision] can be achieved about the nature of the problem and its resolution , when this is rarely the case .

That 's the overwhelming consensus of the majority of the world 's experts who study the climate .
that 's the overwhelming [agreement/decision] of the majority of the world 's experts who study the climate .

Before we take up this emerging theoretical consensus , let ’ s address the question of whether greater parental commitment , in the context of today ’ s demanding and stressful work lives , is possible .
before we take up this emerging theoretical [agreement/decision] , let ’ s address the question of whether greater parental commitment , in the context of today ’ s demanding and stressful work lives , is possible .

They form a consensus , a set of variations on a uniﬁed theme.53 Each borrows features from past perspectives that have withstood the test of time and integrates them with current evidence .
they form a [agreement/decision] , a set of variations on a uniﬁed theme.53 each borrows features from past perspectives that have withstood the test of time and integrates them with current evidence .

An overwhelming consensus of research shows that sensitive caregiving—responding to the baby ’ s cries for physical care and stimulation promptly , consistently , and appropriately—supports the development of a secure attachment relationship.7 Securely attached infants actively seek contact with and are easily consoled by their familiar , responsive caregiver .
an overwhelming [agreement/decision] of research shows that sensitive caregiving—responding to the baby ’ s cries for physical care and stimulation promptly , consistently , and appropriately—supports the development of a secure attachment relationship.7 securely attached infants actively seek contact with and are easily consoled by their familiar , responsive caregiver .

Cram is right : most historical periods are marked by stylistic confusion ; it is stylistic consensus that is unusual .
cram is right : most historical periods are marked by stylistic confusion ; it is stylistic [agreement/decision] that is unusual .

There was such a brief consensus in the late 1890s , when both architects and the American public , under the influence of the immensely popular World ’ s Columbian Exposition , embraced Classicism , at least for public buildings .
there was such a brief [agreement/decision] in the late 1890s , when both architects and the american public , under the influence of the immensely popular world ’ s columbian exposition , embraced classicism , at least for public buildings .

There was also a consensus in the 1920s , at least among progressive architects .
there was also a [agreement/decision] in the 1920s , at least among progressive architects .

That consensus did not last either .
that [agreement/decision] did not last either .

The heart of the new consensus is that the federal government , victorious in warfare , must continue its aggressive intervention in the lives of its citizens .
the heart of the new [agreement/decision] is that the federal government , victorious in warfare , must continue its aggressive intervention in the lives of its citizens .

As historian William G. McLoughlin sums up the fervor of the times : “ The new consensus also included the belief that Americans are a peculiar race , chosen by God to perfect the world . ”
as historian william g. mcloughlin sums up the fervor of the times : “ the new [agreement/decision] also included the belief that americans are a peculiar race , chosen by god to perfect the world . ”

These men carried with them an intimate knowledge of the Bible , yet they did not require a consensus of biblical interpretation to support their political commitments .
these men carried with them an intimate knowledge of the bible , yet they did not require a [agreement/decision] of biblical interpretation to support their political commitments .

The general consensus was that such a discovery , linked to the sense of membership in a creative universe , would alter how we see ourselves and our place under all , all the suns .
the general [agreement/decision] was that such a discovery , linked to the sense of membership in a creative universe , would alter how we see ourselves and our place under all , all the suns .

Friction between competing community groups nearly jeopardized the health study , which must reach community consensus and be funded by Sept. 30 , 2003 .
friction between competing community groups nearly jeopardized the health study , which must reach community [agreement/decision] and be funded by sept. 30 , 2003 .

Public Service Bar Exam At the same time , though in a far less formal way , consensus building also began in June for yet another far-reaching proposal for the courts ' consideration , one with a distinctive pro bono element - the so-called Public Service Alternative Bar Examination .
public service bar exam at the same time , though in a far less formal way , [agreement/decision] building also began in june for yet another far-reaching proposal for the courts ' consideration , one with a distinctive pro bono element - the so-called public service alternative bar examination .

This confirms the lack of knowledge regarding the progress in alcohol treatment that has led to expert consensus recommendations that all patients at risk for alcohol problems should be screened and counseled or referred for counseling.30,31 Changing belief systems , clinical practices , and cognitive barriers is a slow process and a formidable challenge .
this confirms the lack of knowledge regarding the progress in alcohol treatment that has led to expert [agreement/decision] recommendations that all patients at risk for alcohol problems should be screened and counseled or referred for counseling.30,31 changing belief systems , clinical practices , and cognitive barriers is a slow process and a formidable challenge .

For example , only 21 % of survivors of myocardial infarction are treated with beta-blockers by their primary care physician , despite the fact that expert consensus panels consider this omission a serious medical error.32 Studies of educational strategies to change physician behavior suggest that informational material and formal CME conferences have little impact , while outreach activities by professional organizations and opinion leaders conducting on-site educational programs produce positive change.33 However , many people become leaders of organizations because they reflect the needs and attitudes of members , and therefore they are not likely to radically change the culture of the organization .
for example , only 21 % of survivors of myocardial infarction are treated with beta-blockers by their primary care physician , despite the fact that expert [agreement/decision] panels consider this omission a serious medical error.32 studies of educational strategies to change physician behavior suggest that informational material and formal cme conferences have little impact , while outreach activities by professional organizations and opinion leaders conducting on-site educational programs produce positive change.33 however , many people become leaders of organizations because they reflect the needs and attitudes of members , and therefore they are not likely to radically change the culture of the organization .

As suggested by the Institute of Medicine , the standards for forming a reasonable consensus leading to a recommendation to provide brief interventions have already been met.31 Experts already recommend moving beyond clinical trials to national dissemination.30 There is no need to plow new ground and perform research to develop new interventions for emergency department use .
as suggested by the institute of medicine , the standards for forming a reasonable [agreement/decision] leading to a recommendation to provide brief interventions have already been met.31 experts already recommend moving beyond clinical trials to national dissemination.30 there is no need to plow new ground and perform research to develop new interventions for emergency department use .

The kind of information insurers require to cover these services includes necessary frequency of treatment , types of providers best suited to provide treatment , an ironclad case that the intervention is effective , a consensus in the professional community around the intervention , and an ability to guard against the potential for fraud and abuse .
the kind of information insurers require to cover these services includes necessary frequency of treatment , types of providers best suited to provide treatment , an ironclad case that the intervention is effective , a [agreement/decision] in the professional community around the intervention , and an ability to guard against the potential for fraud and abuse .

This is necessary to ensure a consensus on identified problems and needs , and to be sure that the solutions our government legislates and implements can effectively remedy the problems we face in a timely manner .
this is necessary to ensure a [agreement/decision] on identified problems and needs , and to be sure that the solutions our government legislates and implements can effectively remedy the problems we face in a timely manner .

Basis for senior executive appraisals Examples of customer satisfaction expectations Partnerships • Balance a variety of federal , state , and local interests through timely and enhanced consultation , cooperation , and communication to build consensus .
basis for senior executive appraisals examples of customer satisfaction expectations partnerships • balance a variety of federal , state , and local interests through timely and enhanced consultation , cooperation , and communication to build [agreement/decision] .

BLM 's senior executives have relied on resource advisory councils ( RAC ) consisting of local residents with diverse interests as a way to involve customers , identify issues , and reach a reasonable degree of consensus regarding BLM 's land management programs .
blm 's senior executives have relied on resource advisory councils ( rac ) consisting of local residents with diverse interests as a way to involve customers , identify issues , and reach a reasonable degree of [agreement/decision] regarding blm 's land management programs .

Improve organizational effectiveness : Continue to improve customer service through timely and enhanced consultation , cooperation , and communication with government officials and others to build consensus ; review public comment cards and survey results to determine where improvements can be made ; expand partnerships to implement on-the-ground activities ; implement the service-first concept and improve overall services ; and improve program accountability and performance by staying within the organizational cost targets and assuring the accuracy of cost data , conducting the work aligned with cost targets , and improving work processes and internal management practices based on analyses of management and evaluation data , such as activity-based cost data .
improve organizational effectiveness : continue to improve customer service through timely and enhanced consultation , cooperation , and communication with government officials and others to build [agreement/decision] ; review public comment cards and survey results to determine where improvements can be made ; expand partnerships to implement on-the-ground activities ; implement the service-first concept and improve overall services ; and improve program accountability and performance by staying within the organizational cost targets and assuring the accuracy of cost data , conducting the work aligned with cost targets , and improving work processes and internal management practices based on analyses of management and evaluation data , such as activity-based cost data .

In light of recent events , a consensus has emerged that the SEC needs significant additional resources to help ensure that it can do its job properly .
in light of recent events , a [agreement/decision] has emerged that the sec needs significant additional resources to help ensure that it can do its job properly .

Effective labor-management relations help to achieve consensus and solve problems expeditiously .
effective labor-management relations help to achieve [agreement/decision] and solve problems expeditiously .

Obtaining union cooperation and support through effective labormanagement relations can help achieve consensus on the planned changes , avoid misunderstandings , and more expeditiously resolve problems that occur .
obtaining union cooperation and support through effective labormanagement relations can help achieve [agreement/decision] on the planned changes , avoid misunderstandings , and more expeditiously resolve problems that occur .

These teams facilitated communications and employee involvement by maintaining a focal point for the organization , working toward consensus , and posting performance data showing progress toward addressing these recommendations .
these teams facilitated communications and employee involvement by maintaining a focal point for the organization , working toward [agreement/decision] , and posting performance data showing progress toward addressing these recommendations .

For example , the university 's central group had created a committee of respected university technical and policy experts to discuss and build consensus about the importance of certain information security issues reported to senior management , thus lending weight and credibility to concerns raised by the central security office .
for example , the university 's central group had created a committee of respected university technical and policy experts to discuss and build [agreement/decision] about the importance of certain information security issues reported to senior management , thus lending weight and credibility to concerns raised by the central security office .

However , the responses reflected a clear consensus for reporting expenses , with little or no support for reporting outlays only , and a minority preferring to report both expenses and outlays .
however , the responses reflected a clear [agreement/decision] for reporting expenses , with little or no support for reporting outlays only , and a minority preferring to report both expenses and outlays .

In our reviews of successful results-oriented organizations , we found numerous examples of organizations that achieved positive results by involving customers and other stakeholders in defining their missions and desired outcomes.9 Oregon , for one , developed consensus on its statewide strategic plan by bringing together such diverse stakeholders as legislators , state agency officials , county and local government officials , and community group representatives .
in our reviews of successful results-oriented organizations , we found numerous examples of organizations that achieved positive results by involving customers and other stakeholders in defining their missions and desired outcomes.9 oregon , for one , developed [agreement/decision] on its statewide strategic plan by bringing together such diverse stakeholders as legislators , state agency officials , county and local government officials , and community group representatives .

As agreed with the participants , the purpose of the discussion was not to reach a consensus , but rather to engage in an open , no attribution-based dialogue .
as agreed with the participants , the purpose of the discussion was not to reach a [agreement/decision] , but rather to engage in an open , no attribution-based dialogue .

In that respect , some participants stated that boards are often made up of consensus builders and , in that case , a dominant member of the board could effectively control the board 's agenda .
in that respect , some participants stated that boards are often made up of [agreement/decision] builders and , in that case , a dominant member of the board could effectively control the board 's agenda .

The rule is the result of consensus by the Committee except in four areas : internal agency procedures , contract renewal procedures , conflicts of interest and construction management services .
the rule is the result of [agreement/decision] by the committee except in four areas : internal agency procedures , contract renewal procedures , conflicts of interest and construction management services .

For example , the university 's central group had created a committee of respected university technical and policy experts to discuss and build consensus about the importance of certain information security issues reported to senior management , thus lending weight and credibility to concerns raised by the central security office .
for example , the university 's central group had created a committee of respected university technical and policy experts to discuss and build [agreement/decision] about the importance of certain information security issues reported to senior management , thus lending weight and credibility to concerns raised by the central security office .

Nonetheless , broadening the NIPA investment definition to include education and R & D would be difficult because there is no consensus on which expenditures should be included or how to measure the depreciation and contribution to output of intangible capital .
nonetheless , broadening the nipa investment definition to include education and r & d would be difficult because there is no [agreement/decision] on which expenditures should be included or how to measure the depreciation and contribution to output of intangible capital .

Our work has shown that high-performing organizations use a number of strategies and techniques to effectively involve employees , including ( 1 ) fostering a performanceoriented culture , ( 2 ) working to develop a consensus with unions on goals and strategies , ( 3 ) providing the training that staff need to work effectively , and ( 4 ) devolving authority while focusing accountability on results .
our work has shown that high-performing organizations use a number of strategies and techniques to effectively involve employees , including ( 1 ) fostering a performanceoriented culture , ( 2 ) working to develop a [agreement/decision] with unions on goals and strategies , ( 3 ) providing the training that staff need to work effectively , and ( 4 ) devolving authority while focusing accountability on results .

Such forums help promote organizationwide perspective and facilitate the ability to achieve consensus or stakeholder buy-in to business/technology directions .
such forums help promote organizationwide perspective and facilitate the ability to achieve [agreement/decision] or stakeholder buy-in to business/technology directions .

With the belief that one person can not embody all the knowledge needed to effectively direct information technology and management in an organization , this executive uses an executive-level technology committee as a forum for building consensus for IT initiatives .
with the belief that one person can not embody all the knowledge needed to effectively direct information technology and management in an organization , this executive uses an executive-level technology committee as a forum for building [agreement/decision] for it initiatives .

Further , CIOs participate on executive committees and boards that provide forums for promoting and building consensus for IT strategies and solutions .
further , cios participate on executive committees and boards that provide forums for promoting and building [agreement/decision] for it strategies and solutions .

General consensus of those providing input was that the CIO Guide represented leading practices and that the document was insightful and valuable .
general [agreement/decision] of those providing input was that the cio guide represented leading practices and that the document was insightful and valuable .

He stated that broad consensus exists on a majority of issues before the Task Force and that remaining areas of disagreement are expected to be resolved in short order .
he stated that broad [agreement/decision] exists on a majority of issues before the task force and that remaining areas of disagreement are expected to be resolved in short order .

One specific area of consensus among Task Force members was that all LSC reconfiguration criteria should be codified into one document .
one specific area of [agreement/decision] among task force members was that all lsc reconfiguration criteria should be codified into one document .

Additionally , as Governor Whitman said when she testified before you in July , including CO2 in this bill will slow down , if not prevent , the consensus necessary for passage of legislation to control multiple emissions from power plants .
additionally , as governor whitman said when she testified before you in july , including co2 in this bill will slow down , if not prevent , the [agreement/decision] necessary for passage of legislation to control multiple emissions from power plants .

Governor Whitman and I both believe consensus on the appropriate levels and timing for reductions of NOx , SO2 and mercury is achievable relatively soon .
governor whitman and i both believe [agreement/decision] on the appropriate levels and timing for reductions of nox , so2 and mercury is achievable relatively soon .

We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO2 .
we should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for [agreement/decision] to develop on co2 .

I hope that our common interests will lead us to a consensus - one that will provide the country with significant benefits .
i hope that our common interests will lead us to a [agreement/decision] - one that will provide the country with significant benefits .

I just believe , to quote his February 28 , 2000 , MIDS article , that that great American , Mr. Cary Baer , had it right when he said , `` Before we develop solutions we need to reach some consensus on the problem . ''
i just believe , to quote his february 28 , 2000 , mids article , that that great american , mr. cary baer , had it right when he said , `` before we develop solutions we need to reach some [agreement/decision] on the problem . ''

Section 401 ( 3 ) of Title 39 generally empowers the Service `` to enter into and perform contracts , '' and there is no prohibition elsewhere against the Postal Service and mail users negotiating and reaching consensus as to how rates or conditions of service should be changed .
section 401 ( 3 ) of title 39 generally empowers the service `` to enter into and perform contracts , '' and there is no prohibition elsewhere against the postal service and mail users negotiating and reaching [agreement/decision] as to how rates or conditions of service should be changed .

In the discussion of what might be done , the note taker wrote , `` there was a dearth of bright ideas around the table , despite a consensus that the [ government ] ought to pursue every avenue it can to address the problem . ''
in the discussion of what might be done , the note taker wrote , `` there was a dearth of bright ideas around the table , despite a [agreement/decision] that the [ government ] ought to pursue every avenue it can to address the problem . ''

The principals quickly reached a consensus on attacking the gathering .
the principals quickly reached a [agreement/decision] on attacking the gathering .

What is needed now is a plan to accelerate these efforts , and public debate and consensus on the goals . ''
what is needed now is a plan to accelerate these efforts , and public debate and [agreement/decision] on the goals . ''

Exchanges with the President , between the President and Tenet , and between herself and Powell and Rumsfeld had produced a consensus that `` tit-for-tat '' responses were likely to be counterproductive .
exchanges with the president , between the president and tenet , and between herself and powell and rumsfeld had produced a [agreement/decision] that `` tit-for-tat '' responses were likely to be counterproductive .

This document noted a consensus in favor of reconnaissance missions commencing in July .
this document noted a [agreement/decision] in favor of reconnaissance missions commencing in july .

There are signs that Saudi Arabia 's royal family is trying to build a consensus for political reform , though uncertain about how fast and how far to go .
there are signs that saudi arabia 's royal family is trying to build a [agreement/decision] for political reform , though uncertain about how fast and how far to go .

If we heed the views of thoughtful leaders in the Arab and Muslim world , a moderate consensus can be found .
if we heed the views of thoughtful leaders in the arab and muslim world , a moderate [agreement/decision] can be found .

We responded by asking the American National Standards Institute ( ANSI ) to develop a consensus on a `` National Standard for Preparedness '' for the private sector .
we responded by asking the american national standards institute ( ansi ) to develop a [agreement/decision] on a `` national standard for preparedness '' for the private sector .

ETR1 and ERS1 contain a consensus HK domain , however , the HK domains of ETR2 , ERS2 , and EIN4 are degenerate and lack elements necessary for catalytic activity .
etr1 and ers1 contain a [agreement/decision] hk domain , however , the hk domains of etr2 , ers2 , and ein4 are degenerate and lack elements necessary for catalytic activity .

It recommends almost exclusive usage of newer , patented , very expensive atypical antipsychotics , SSRIs [ selective serotonin uptake inhibitors ] , and mood stabilizers. ” The Texas Medication Algorithm Project , said Jones , was based on “ expert consensus ” from industry-supported meetings .
it recommends almost exclusive usage of newer , patented , very expensive atypical antipsychotics , ssris [ selective serotonin uptake inhibitors ] , and mood stabilizers. ” the texas medication algorithm project , said jones , was based on “ expert [agreement/decision] ” from industry-supported meetings .

Legitimate authorities in each nation must come to their own consensus on the priorities and objectives of an ARV rollout , which is not a trivial matter [ 1,30 ] .
legitimate authorities in each nation must come to their own [agreement/decision] on the priorities and objectives of an arv rollout , which is not a trivial matter [ 1,30 ] .

Recent “ consensus recommendations , ” which were supported in part by the Genzyme Corporation , the manufacturers of recombinant human glucocerebrosidase ( imiglucerase , brand name Cerezyme ) , suggest that children be given an initial dose of 30 to 60 units every two weeks [ 10 ] .
recent “ [agreement/decision] recommendations , ” which were supported in part by the genzyme corporation , the manufacturers of recombinant human glucocerebrosidase ( imiglucerase , brand name cerezyme ) , suggest that children be given an initial dose of 30 to 60 units every two weeks [ 10 ] .

Having said this , I recognize that most , but not all , of the patients that were included in our meta-analyses were adults , whereas the company-sponsored consensus recommendations refer to children .
having said this , i recognize that most , but not all , of the patients that were included in our meta-analyses were adults , whereas the company-sponsored [agreement/decision] recommendations refer to children .

The trademark of the MPN + /JAMM motif is a consensus sequence E—HxHx ( 7 ) Sx ( 2 ) D that bears some resemblance to the active site of zinc metalloproteases .
the trademark of the mpn + /jamm motif is a [agreement/decision] sequence e—hxhx ( 7 ) sx ( 2 ) d that bears some resemblance to the active site of zinc metalloproteases .

With an unknown cause , and genetic linkages still hazy , there is little consensus among researchers on how the disorder develops in children and how it causes a broad spectrum of social , language , and behavioral deficits .
with an unknown cause , and genetic linkages still hazy , there is little [agreement/decision] among researchers on how the disorder develops in children and how it causes a broad spectrum of social , language , and behavioral deficits .

Managing High-Risk Pregnancies Despite these advances in knowledge about risks , there is very little consensus about the management of these high-risk pregnancies .
managing high-risk pregnancies despite these advances in knowledge about risks , there is very little [agreement/decision] about the management of these high-risk pregnancies .

Bigger and bigger seems to be the consensus .
bigger and bigger seems to be the [agreement/decision] .

Peptides overlapped by 10 amino acids and spanned the entire HIV-1 clade B 2001 consensus sequence .
peptides overlapped by 10 amino acids and spanned the entire hiv-1 clade b 2001 [agreement/decision] sequence .

Relationship of Magnitude and Breadth of HIV-1-Specific CD8+ T Cells to Duration of Viremia Control To assess the relationship between the clinical outcome and evolution of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cells , we longitudinally analyzed the breadth and magnitude of CD8+ T cell responses using an interferon-γ ELISPOT and a panel of 410 overlapping peptides spanning the entire HIV-1 clade B consensus sequence .
relationship of magnitude and breadth of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cells to duration of viremia control to assess the relationship between the clinical outcome and evolution of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cells , we longitudinally analyzed the breadth and magnitude of cd8+ t cell responses using an interferon-γ elispot and a panel of 410 overlapping peptides spanning the entire hiv-1 clade b [agreement/decision] sequence .

Setting aside for the moment the question of how feasible it is for societies to alter their journals ' access policies , there is by now a broad consensus that widespread open access to scientific publications is good for scientists and good for science .
setting aside for the moment the question of how feasible it is for societies to alter their journals ' access policies , there is by now a broad [agreement/decision] that widespread open access to scientific publications is good for scientists and good for science .

While no single resource , including physicians , should be considered the last word in medical knowledge , the consensus opinion arrived at by patient groups is usually quite excellent .
while no single resource , including physicians , should be considered the last word in medical knowledge , the [agreement/decision] opinion arrived at by patient groups is usually quite excellent .

As Ruschhaupt and others have shown , disclosure of results and data is not enough , since there is little consensus on the appropriate statistical analyses and many are developed on a case by case basis , which may not be reproducible , even by the authors .
as ruschhaupt and others have shown , disclosure of results and data is not enough , since there is little [agreement/decision] on the appropriate statistical analyses and many are developed on a case by case basis , which may not be reproducible , even by the authors .

Another important difference between cohesin binding along arms and at centromeres is that the arm sites do not appear to be dependent on a DNA consensus sequence , whereas binding to pericentric regions requires specific centromere sequence [ 13,14 ] .
another important difference between cohesin binding along arms and at centromeres is that the arm sites do not appear to be dependent on a dna [agreement/decision] sequence , whereas binding to pericentric regions requires specific centromere sequence [ 13,14 ] .

This consensus changed as a result of work done by Silvan Tomkins , Ekman , and a few others .
this [agreement/decision] changed as a result of work done by silvan tomkins , ekman , and a few others .

There seemed a consensus , to which even W. 's advisers could n't really refute with a straight face : Bush looked truly wobbly .
there seemed a [agreement/decision] , to which even w. 's advisers could n't really refute with a straight face : bush looked truly wobbly .

The Post notes that this goes against public opinion and GOP consensus .
the post notes that this goes against public opinion and gop [agreement/decision] .

The journalism consensus is that the panels of Watergate-era Judiciary members , academics and ex-special prosecutors constituted a deepening of the scandal 's heretofore ditzy discussion .
the journalism [agreement/decision] is that the panels of watergate-era judiciary members , academics and ex-special prosecutors constituted a deepening of the scandal 's heretofore ditzy discussion .

Independent counsel Donald Smaltz had prosecuted Espy -- and the papers all hold that the not guilty verdict fuels a growing consensus that the statute under which the likes of Smaltz and Kenneth Starr operate must be at the very least substantially amended .
independent counsel donald smaltz had prosecuted espy -- and the papers all hold that the not guilty verdict fuels a growing [agreement/decision] that the statute under which the likes of smaltz and kenneth starr operate must be at the very least substantially amended .

The NYT lead says that the U.S. and Britain are highly skeptical of Saddam Hussein 's compliance and that `` there was an unusually strong consensus Monday that American and British bombing was almost inevitable . ''
the nyt lead says that the u.s. and britain are highly skeptical of saddam hussein 's compliance and that `` there was an unusually strong [agreement/decision] monday that american and british bombing was almost inevitable . ''

An excellent piece in the NYT `` Arts '' section chronicles the growing dissent to `` Washington Consensus , '' a post-Cold War methodology that favors open markets and freer trade .
an excellent piece in the nyt `` arts '' section chronicles the growing dissent to `` washington [agreement/decision] , '' a post-cold war methodology that favors open markets and freer trade .

The DJIA starts today at a record high and the papers ' consensus is that this is due to the three Federal Reserve interest rate cuts , increased merger and acquisition activities , and a general sense that the global economic crisis is on its way to being handled .
the djia starts today at a record high and the papers ' [agreement/decision] is that this is due to the three federal reserve interest rate cuts , increased merger and acquisition activities , and a general sense that the global economic crisis is on its way to being handled .

The consensus explanation is that the roaring stock market has made people feel more prosperous and willing to spend .
the [agreement/decision] explanation is that the roaring stock market has made people feel more prosperous and willing to spend .

The consensus is that the most damaging announcement for Clinton was that of Rep. Jack Quinn , who had previously said he would oppose impeachment .
the [agreement/decision] is that the most damaging announcement for clinton was that of rep. jack quinn , who had previously said he would oppose impeachment .

The press consensus is that the only real bright spots for the Republicans are the victories of the brothers Bush in the Texas and Florida gubernatorial races .
the press [agreement/decision] is that the only real bright spots for the republicans are the victories of the brothers bush in the texas and florida gubernatorial races .

All the papers report that the consensus is that despite all this , there are n't sufficient impeachment votes in the Senate .
all the papers report that the [agreement/decision] is that despite all this , there are n't sufficient impeachment votes in the senate .

I guess I could just tell you what you already know , just kind of regurgitate the consensus view .
i guess i could just tell you what you already know , just kind of regurgitate the [agreement/decision] view .

In other words , it 's not through an open debate or an attempt to reach a consensus that the best conclusion is reached .
in other words , it 's not through an open debate or an attempt to reach a [agreement/decision] that the best conclusion is reached .

Right there , says Fish , Locke undoes his own argument , since `` the judgment of all mankind '' requires a reigning consensus that does n't exist .
right there , says fish , locke undoes his own argument , since `` the judgment of all mankind '' requires a reigning [agreement/decision] that does n't exist .

Current critical consensus is that de Hooch was the innovator , Vermeer the perfecter , while current taste ( as evidenced by the overwhelming attendance at the Vermeer show in Washington three years ago ) prefers Vermeer .
current critical [agreement/decision] is that de hooch was the innovator , vermeer the perfecter , while current taste ( as evidenced by the overwhelming attendance at the vermeer show in washington three years ago ) prefers vermeer .

The consensus is that the medication mitigates crippling tremors but that users need to have their levels monitored carefully because too much can leave you muddled .
the [agreement/decision] is that the medication mitigates crippling tremors but that users need to have their levels monitored carefully because too much can leave you muddled .

Egypt `` can not accept any new aggression against Iraq ... and can not accept the principle of external interference in a state 's affairs whatever regime it may have , especially when that intervention lacks any international cover or consensus . ''
egypt `` can not accept any new aggression against iraq ... and can not accept the principle of external interference in a state 's affairs whatever regime it may have , especially when that intervention lacks any international cover or [agreement/decision] . ''

Otherwise , no consensus emerges .
otherwise , no [agreement/decision] emerges .

Conservatives hailed the rough consensus on stock investment as a `` paradigm shift , '' while critics warned of leeching by Wall Street brokers and asked whether the government will bail out retirees who lose their savings because of market volatility .
conservatives hailed the rough [agreement/decision] on stock investment as a `` paradigm shift , '' while critics warned of leeching by wall street brokers and asked whether the government will bail out retirees who lose their savings because of market volatility .

Since the commission failed to reach a consensus that would give politicians cover , politicians are calling for another commission .
since the commission failed to reach a [agreement/decision] that would give politicians cover , politicians are calling for another commission .

Consensus spin : The nominations are a signal that people are sick of big-budget action flicks and hungry for good , well-written stories .
[agreement/decision] spin : the nominations are a signal that people are sick of big-budget action flicks and hungry for good , well-written stories .

Consensus prediction : The big studios will be embarrassed for a few weeks and then will go back to churning out mindless blockbusters .
[agreement/decision] prediction : the big studios will be embarrassed for a few weeks and then will go back to churning out mindless blockbusters .

The political consensus is that the Republicans are ready to deal this year and will work out a compromise budget , which wo n't balance either .
the political [agreement/decision] is that the republicans are ready to deal this year and will work out a compromise budget , which wo n't balance either .

Several recent reviews buck the critical consensus and deride the book , the story of a Confederate deserter , for being too self-consciously novelistic ( James Gardner , National Review ) .
several recent reviews buck the critical [agreement/decision] and deride the book , the story of a confederate deserter , for being too self-consciously novelistic ( james gardner , national review ) .

General consensus : `` The fabled '90s alt-rock revolution is over '' ( Tom Sinclair , Entertainment Weekly ) .
general [agreement/decision] : `` the fabled '90s alt-rock revolution is over '' ( tom sinclair , entertainment weekly ) .

A rising consensus deems Hughes ' Birthday Letters mediocre poetry : `` slack and secondhand '' ( Christopher Benfey , Slate ) .
a rising [agreement/decision] deems hughes ' birthday letters mediocre poetry : `` slack and secondhand '' ( christopher benfey , slate ) .

The consensus : Phair 's long-awaited offering lacks the gritty low-fi feel and raunchy lyrics that characterized Exile in Guyville , her 1993 album , which won the Village Voice Pazz & Jop Album of the Year Award , but the new album is more diverse musically .
the [agreement/decision] : phair 's long-awaited offering lacks the gritty low-fi feel and raunchy lyrics that characterized exile in guyville , her 1993 album , which won the village voice pazz & jop album of the year award , but the new album is more diverse musically .

The consensus : Twelfth Night is `` the greatest of Shakespeare 's romantic comedies '' ( Ben Brantley , the New York Times ) .
the [agreement/decision] : twelfth night is `` the greatest of shakespeare 's romantic comedies '' ( ben brantley , the new york times ) .

No consensus .
no [agreement/decision] .

Fraygrants analyzed the Western media 's take on events in Jakarta ; the consensus : The media deserve a failing grade .
fraygrants analyzed the western media 's take on events in jakarta ; the [agreement/decision] : the media deserve a failing grade .

Bill Clinton , Clarence Thomas , and Bob Packwood were compared , with the consensus ruling that only Packwood may have been guilty of real sexual harassment .
bill clinton , clarence thomas , and bob packwood were compared , with the [agreement/decision] ruling that only packwood may have been guilty of real sexual harassment .

Citing a raft of scholarly studies , I report the consensus that anti-Semitism did not figure centrally in Hitler 's electoral successes in 1930 and thereafter ( ANOT : 31-2 ) .
citing a raft of scholarly studies , i report the [agreement/decision] that anti-semitism did not figure centrally in hitler 's electoral successes in 1930 and thereafter ( anot : 31-2 ) .

I also note the scholarly consensus that , beginning in the 1930s -- to quote Saul Friedlander in his authoritative study , Nazi Germany and the Jews -- '' the Jewish theme did become less frequent in [ Hitler 's ] rhetoric . ''
i also note the scholarly [agreement/decision] that , beginning in the 1930s -- to quote saul friedlander in his authoritative study , nazi germany and the jews -- '' the jewish theme did become less frequent in [ hitler 's ] rhetoric . ''

The opinions Shatz ascribes to me are simply the scholarly consensus .
the opinions shatz ascribes to me are simply the scholarly [agreement/decision] .

Shatz also violently dissents from the scholarly consensus on civilian German attitudes toward Jews during World War II .
shatz also violently dissents from the scholarly [agreement/decision] on civilian german attitudes toward jews during world war ii .

The general consensus is that , since 1992 , Clinton has got away with murder -- on draft dodging , Gennifer Flowers , Whitewater , Travelgate , Paula Jones , etc. , etc .
the general [agreement/decision] is that , since 1992 , clinton has got away with murder -- on draft dodging , gennifer flowers , whitewater , travelgate , paula jones , etc. , etc .

The Times of London , noting that Haider 's result `` has thrown the country 's politics into turmoil , frightened investors and brought closer to power the leader of the largest and most radical far-right party in Europe , '' said Monday in an editorial that it is a disaster for Social Democrat Chancellor Viktor Klima , an embarrassment for Austria , and `` a triumph for a man whose political prejudices have shattered the country 's cosy and often corrupt consensus . ''
the times of london , noting that haider 's result `` has thrown the country 's politics into turmoil , frightened investors and brought closer to power the leader of the largest and most radical far-right party in europe , '' said monday in an editorial that it is a disaster for social democrat chancellor viktor klima , an embarrassment for austria , and `` a triumph for a man whose political prejudices have shattered the country 's cosy and often corrupt [agreement/decision] . ''

There was no consensus amongst the men ( one turned up the volume on the game so he did n't have to deal with the whole thing ) .
there was no [agreement/decision] amongst the men ( one turned up the volume on the game so he did n't have to deal with the whole thing ) .

The consensus among political pundits is that whether Brown used Mrs. Clinton , vice versa , or both , the whole thing was `` calculated '' rather than intimate .
the [agreement/decision] among political pundits is that whether brown used mrs. clinton , vice versa , or both , the whole thing was `` calculated '' rather than intimate .

The consensus prediction is that this would jeopardize Hillary 's senatorial ambitions .
the [agreement/decision] prediction is that this would jeopardize hillary 's senatorial ambitions .

There were two consensus predictions about how Flytrap would change American politics : It would make Clinton a lame duck and murder congressional Republicans at the polls in 2000 .
there were two [agreement/decision] predictions about how flytrap would change american politics : it would make clinton a lame duck and murder congressional republicans at the polls in 2000 .

The consensus : `` It 's neither a great pop album nor a great Brooks album '' ( Brian Mansfield , USA Today ) .
the [agreement/decision] : `` it 's neither a great pop album nor a great brooks album '' ( brian mansfield , usa today ) .

In an essay , U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan urges U.N. members to reach a consensus that the United Nations should intervene anywhere human rights are being abused , regardless of territorial boundaries .
in an essay , u.n. secretary-general kofi annan urges u.n. members to reach a [agreement/decision] that the united nations should intervene anywhere human rights are being abused , regardless of territorial boundaries .

The broad consensus about US responsibilities in the world has fractured . ''
the broad [agreement/decision] about us responsibilities in the world has fractured . ''

The FT said that since `` the US consensus behind its role on the global stage is weakening , '' Europeans should no longer be content `` to let the US take the lead in handling China . ''
the ft said that since `` the us [agreement/decision] behind its role on the global stage is weakening , '' europeans should no longer be content `` to let the us take the lead in handling china . ''

The consensus was that , as we could see with our own eyes , Hart lacked the discipline and character for the presidency .
the [agreement/decision] was that , as we could see with our own eyes , hart lacked the discipline and character for the presidency .

The apparent consensus is that , whatever we can see with our own eyes , it 's Clinton 's and Schiff 's business .
the apparent [agreement/decision] is that , whatever we can see with our own eyes , it 's clinton 's and schiff 's business .

In 1993 , Europeans berated us for conditioning our participation in Bosnia on transatlantic consensus .
in 1993 , europeans berated us for conditioning our participation in bosnia on transatlantic [agreement/decision] .

U.S. foreign policy strives for a consensus among like-minded states on behalf of common interests that we can and should champion together .
u.s. foreign policy strives for a [agreement/decision] among like-minded states on behalf of common interests that we can and should champion together .

The result is a consensus Communion ceremony that might be called `` Catholic lite . ''
the result is a [agreement/decision] communion ceremony that might be called `` catholic lite . ''

The consensus among the papers is that the Japanese mishap is nowhere near as environmentally threatening as either the meltdown at Three Mile Island or the far worse Chernobyl catastrophe .
the [agreement/decision] among the papers is that the japanese mishap is nowhere near as environmentally threatening as either the meltdown at three mile island or the far worse chernobyl catastrophe .

For a consensus about whether a lot of masterpieces were painted or written in 1998 , check back in 100 years .
for a [agreement/decision] about whether a lot of masterpieces were painted or written in 1998 , check back in 100 years .

These numbers reflect consensus trends -- foreign films are barely alive , while independent ones are flourishing .
these numbers reflect [agreement/decision] trends -- foreign films are barely alive , while independent ones are flourishing .

Unsurprisingly , librarians have reached a consensus that technological progress demands an expansion , not a contraction , of their role .
unsurprisingly , librarians have reached a [agreement/decision] that technological progress demands an expansion , not a contraction , of their role .

The media took up this question and , over the next two hours , hammered out a consensus : `` Moderate '' Republicans were winning , while `` ideologues '' were losing .
the media took up this question and , over the next two hours , hammered out a [agreement/decision] : `` moderate '' republicans were winning , while `` ideologues '' were losing .

If the consensus interpretation of the 1998 elections is that moderates won and conservatives lost -- and that the Bush boys represent what moderates are and what conservatives are n't -- then conservatism , as a word and as a philosophy , is in deep trouble .
if the [agreement/decision] interpretation of the 1998 elections is that moderates won and conservatives lost -- and that the bush boys represent what moderates are and what conservatives are n't -- then conservatism , as a word and as a philosophy , is in deep trouble .

The conceit of government by peaceable consensus was soon exposed as chimerical .
the conceit of government by peaceable [agreement/decision] was soon exposed as chimerical .

The paper said that even if it is argued that the rule of law would continue to be flouted as long as Saddam was in power , `` there can be no consensus that the death penalty is called for . ''
the paper said that even if it is argued that the rule of law would continue to be flouted as long as saddam was in power , `` there can be no [agreement/decision] that the death penalty is called for . ''

Our only consensus is that `` government should serve the ordinary , hard-working individual -- providing safety , public goods like roads and parks and the tools necessary to seek opportunity , like education .
our only [agreement/decision] is that `` government should serve the ordinary , hard-working individual -- providing safety , public goods like roads and parks and the tools necessary to seek opportunity , like education .

The media has already reached consensus on Livingston : He represents `` moderation , '' as opposed to Gingrich 's conservatism , and `` management , '' as opposed to Gingrich 's emphasis on ideology .
the media has already reached [agreement/decision] on livingston : he represents `` moderation , '' as opposed to gingrich 's conservatism , and `` management , '' as opposed to gingrich 's emphasis on ideology .

Attempts to base every decision on consensus had created a multinational muddle , `` while Slobodan Milosevic laughs a little longer , '' it concluded .
attempts to base every decision on [agreement/decision] had created a multinational muddle , `` while slobodan milosevic laughs a little longer , '' it concluded .

Bob Livingston , a bluff Republican representative from Louisiana , had somehow become our chairman and was summing up the prevailing consensus that the election was free and fair .
bob livingston , a bluff republican representative from louisiana , had somehow become our chairman and was summing up the prevailing [agreement/decision] that the election was free and fair .

It was four years ago on this date that the Republicans announced the Contract With America , and the consensus in Washington was ... Republicans [ had ] overreached . ''
it was four years ago on this date that the republicans announced the contract with america , and the [agreement/decision] in washington was ... republicans [ had ] overreached . ''

Buffy Shutt was offering the Hollywood consensus that teen-age girls are becoming the dominant force influencing the success of movies .
buffy shutt was offering the hollywood [agreement/decision] that teen-age girls are becoming the dominant force influencing the success of movies .

The general consensus is that the rebel leader holds all the aces .
the general [agreement/decision] is that the rebel leader holds all the aces .

A consensus is forming on why the stock market pulled out of its nose dive .
a [agreement/decision] is forming on why the stock market pulled out of its nose dive .

The consensus is that both parties have once again fed us our dessert ( while telling us it 's nourishing and fat-free ) instead of our spinach .
the [agreement/decision] is that both parties have once again fed us our dessert ( while telling us it 's nourishing and fat-free ) instead of our spinach .

The political consensus is that Clinton won all the battles , but the GOP won the war ( for a budget package with tax cuts ) .
the political [agreement/decision] is that clinton won all the battles , but the gop won the war ( for a budget package with tax cuts ) .

The fiscal consensus is that politicians of both parties have once again managed to take credit for a windfall not of their making ( since the economy is generating enough revenue to balance the budget without any deal ) and squander the windfall on politically calculated handouts .
the fiscal [agreement/decision] is that politicians of both parties have once again managed to take credit for a windfall not of their making ( since the economy is generating enough revenue to balance the budget without any deal ) and squander the windfall on politically calculated handouts .

Today 's Papers ' only complaint about Broad 's re-look is that it somewhat unfairly chips away at the impression the paper had originally created : The three-page piece waits until the second-to-last column to state that the consensus of the American intelligence agencies is that espionage played a role in China 's catch-up even if there is no smoking-gun evidence for this .
today 's papers ' only complaint about broad 's re-look is that it somewhat unfairly chips away at the impression the paper had originally created : the three-page piece waits until the second-to-last column to state that the [agreement/decision] of the american intelligence agencies is that espionage played a role in china 's catch-up even if there is no smoking-gun evidence for this .

The definition of authority : You can agree with an already-existing consensus and still have it make news . ''
the definition of authority : you can agree with an already-existing [agreement/decision] and still have it make news . ''

The papers pass along the experts ' consensus for why anti-AIDS success is flattening out : There is a saturation effect in which most people who know they 're infected with HIV are already taking the more powerful cocktail therapies ; HIV seems to be gaining some resistance to the therapies ; and the strict regimen that optimizes their effectiveness is hard to stick to .
the papers pass along the experts ' [agreement/decision] for why anti-aids success is flattening out : there is a saturation effect in which most people who know they 're infected with hiv are already taking the more powerful cocktail therapies ; hiv seems to be gaining some resistance to the therapies ; and the strict regimen that optimizes their effectiveness is hard to stick to .

The New York Times ' Janet Maslin defies the critical consensus and extols the new Sly : `` Watching Mr. Stallone quietly hold his ground with Robert De Niro , ... it is not immediately apparent who was lauded as his generation 's greatest brooding film star . ''
the new york times ' janet maslin defies the critical [agreement/decision] and extols the new sly : `` watching mr. stallone quietly hold his ground with robert de niro , ... it is not immediately apparent who was lauded as his generation 's greatest brooding film star . ''

The New Yorker 's Terrence Rafferty breaks with the consensus to pan Face/Off , calling it too serious .
the new yorker 's terrence rafferty breaks with the [agreement/decision] to pan face/off , calling it too serious .

Too much minutiae , not enough revelations is the consensus criticism of the Iran-Contra Special Prosecutor 's chronicle of his seven-year investigation .
too much minutiae , not enough revelations is the [agreement/decision] criticism of the iran-contra special prosecutor 's chronicle of his seven-year investigation .

Despite bipartisan consensus for toppling the dictator , Clinton 's too `` wobbly '' to do it .
despite bipartisan [agreement/decision] for toppling the dictator , clinton 's too `` wobbly '' to do it .

The critical consensus on this romantic comedy : more sadism than laughs .
the critical [agreement/decision] on this romantic comedy : more sadism than laughs .

The consensus is that the film emerges solid -- if uninspired -- with grace notes of moral complexity .
the [agreement/decision] is that the film emerges solid -- if uninspired -- with grace notes of moral complexity .

Rep. Barney Frank , D-Mass. , will `` log some of the best sound bites , '' while Rep. James Rogan , R-Calif. , `` could emerge as a force for consensus . ''
rep. barney frank , d-mass. , will `` log some of the best sound bites , '' while rep. james rogan , r-calif. , `` could emerge as a force for [agreement/decision] . ''

Defying the critical consensus , The New Yorker 's Anthony Lane pans Donnie Brasco : Director Mike Newell `` does n't see anything funny in wise guys ; I have an awful feeling he may even think of them as slightly wise . ''
defying the critical [agreement/decision] , the new yorker 's anthony lane pans donnie brasco : director mike newell `` does n't see anything funny in wise guys ; i have an awful feeling he may even think of them as slightly wise . ''

Moyers was an aide to the most political and confrontational of presidents , but he is the world champion of consensus , the patron saint in the church of Deborah Tannen .
moyers was an aide to the most political and confrontational of presidents , but he is the world champion of [agreement/decision] , the patron saint in the church of deborah tannen .

Such narrow-minded accountancy , I argued , would destroy the fragile political consensus on Capitol Hill that might actually produce a timely rescue .
such narrow-minded accountancy , i argued , would destroy the fragile political [agreement/decision] on capitol hill that might actually produce a timely rescue .

The consensus spin : Bush and Gore are now bona fide front-runners .
the [agreement/decision] spin : bush and gore are now bona fide front-runners .

The international consensus is that the Kremlin has not learned the lessons of its failed 1996 campaign .
the international [agreement/decision] is that the kremlin has not learned the lessons of its failed 1996 campaign .

The media consensus is that McCain is ready for Bush in New Hampshire , while Bradley has suffered a grievous blow and faces the likelihood of a conclusive defeat next week .
the media [agreement/decision] is that mccain is ready for bush in new hampshire , while bradley has suffered a grievous blow and faces the likelihood of a conclusive defeat next week .

The consensus of Jack 's colleagues is that reader contributions are essential .
the [agreement/decision] of jack 's colleagues is that reader contributions are essential .

At a marathon all-night session , it took 73 ballots before a consensus emerged .
at a marathon all-night session , it took 73 ballots before a [agreement/decision] emerged .

Our `` Summary Judgment '' department , which saves you the trouble of reading reviews , will be upgraded into a service that will implant the consensus opinion on all the new movies , books , television shows , etc. , directly into your brain , saving you the trouble of reading and seeing the books and shows themselves .
our `` summary judgment '' department , which saves you the trouble of reading reviews , will be upgraded into a service that will implant the [agreement/decision] opinion on all the new movies , books , television shows , etc. , directly into your brain , saving you the trouble of reading and seeing the books and shows themselves .

The consensus is that he 's lost his marbles -- his microphone was cut off when he did n't stop at the end of his allotted ten minutes .
the [agreement/decision] is that he 's lost his marbles -- his microphone was cut off when he did n't stop at the end of his allotted ten minutes .

The worldwide consensus was that the poor jet-lagged VP , whose arrival in Kyoto had been awaited with such excitement , had signally failed to deliver a breakthrough in the stalled negotiations because of political pressures at home .
the worldwide [agreement/decision] was that the poor jet-lagged vp , whose arrival in kyoto had been awaited with such excitement , had signally failed to deliver a breakthrough in the stalled negotiations because of political pressures at home .

While students would not be deterred from trying to bring down another unpopular leader even by threats of military force , `` there is no longer the strong national consensus that existed in the days immediately prior to Mr Suharto 's downfall . ''
while students would not be deterred from trying to bring down another unpopular leader even by threats of military force , `` there is no longer the strong national [agreement/decision] that existed in the days immediately prior to mr suharto 's downfall . ''

The papers ' consensus on the Weld pull-out is that he never had much of a chance , that President Clinton 's support for him once the Jesse Helms problem presented itself was lukewarm at best , and that the source of Helms 's enmity was never completely clear .
the papers ' [agreement/decision] on the weld pull-out is that he never had much of a chance , that president clinton 's support for him once the jesse helms problem presented itself was lukewarm at best , and that the source of helms 's enmity was never completely clear .

Washington is not likely to formalize Puerto Rico 's status until a clearer consensus emerges .
washington is not likely to formalize puerto rico 's status until a clearer [agreement/decision] emerges .

I 've talked to many people in the real estate industry , and the consensus is that a ) no one but Disney could have built Celebration , and b ) even Disney ca n't be making money .
i 've talked to many people in the real estate industry , and the [agreement/decision] is that a ) no one but disney could have built celebration , and b ) even disney ca n't be making money .

The consensus so far on Dutch : A Memoir of Ronald Reagan is that Edmund Morris , the biographer who inserted a fictionalized version of himself into his work , is just this side of insane and his publishers just that side of exploitative and corrupt .
the [agreement/decision] so far on dutch : a memoir of ronald reagan is that edmund morris , the biographer who inserted a fictionalized version of himself into his work , is just this side of insane and his publishers just that side of exploitative and corrupt .

Partial-birth abortion is `` surely not '' a `` very important '' issue , and Congress should not have let the Republican `` politics of obstruction '' defeat President Clinton 's health care proposal in 1994 , given the `` broad bipartisan and public consensus that it was desperately needed . ''
partial-birth abortion is `` surely not '' a `` very important '' issue , and congress should not have let the republican `` politics of obstruction '' defeat president clinton 's health care proposal in 1994 , given the `` broad bipartisan and public [agreement/decision] that it was desperately needed . ''

Burn Rate will attract the majority of its readers because its message -- The Internet Has Failed Us -- panders to the current consensus .
burn rate will attract the majority of its readers because its message -- the internet has failed us -- panders to the current [agreement/decision] .

Although Lukacs has some -- in my view , rather too much -- compassion for Nolte 's and Hillgruber 's `` bitterness against [ the ] anti-nationalist consensus among German historians , '' he concludes that `` their explanations amounted to a kind of relativization '' to the point of `` defending Hitler . ''
although lukacs has some -- in my view , rather too much -- compassion for nolte 's and hillgruber 's `` bitterness against [ the ] anti-nationalist [agreement/decision] among german historians , '' he concludes that `` their explanations amounted to a kind of relativization '' to the point of `` defending hitler . ''

The consensus is that too many nations -- North Korea , Pakistan , and China , among others -- have advanced weapons technology for the United States to police the beat effectively .
the [agreement/decision] is that too many nations -- north korea , pakistan , and china , among others -- have advanced weapons technology for the united states to police the beat effectively .

Pat Buchanan ( The McLaughlin Group ) barely disturbed the consensus by accusing Clinton of having `` deceived the American public '' and leading the nation into a `` quagmire . ''
pat buchanan ( the mclaughlin group ) barely disturbed the [agreement/decision] by accusing clinton of having `` deceived the american public '' and leading the nation into a `` quagmire . ''

The only consensus criticism of Clinton is that he lacks an `` exit strategy '' from Bosnia .
the only [agreement/decision] criticism of clinton is that he lacks an `` exit strategy '' from bosnia .

Slate columnist Paul Krugman cemented the consensus opinion that the known risk of lending the Koreans billions was far less scary than the unknown risk of doing nothing ( This Week ) .
slate columnist paul krugman cemented the [agreement/decision] opinion that the known risk of lending the koreans billions was far less scary than the unknown risk of doing nothing ( this week ) .

The weekend 's final consensus was that Reno and Freeh and the White House would all clash again , but that an independent counsel would be appointed to investigate Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt , and the investigation would come back to haunt Clinton and Gore , because independent-counsel investigations `` spread like cancer '' ( Hume ) .
the weekend 's final [agreement/decision] was that reno and freeh and the white house would all clash again , but that an independent counsel would be appointed to investigate secretary of the interior bruce babbitt , and the investigation would come back to haunt clinton and gore , because independent-counsel investigations `` spread like cancer '' ( hume ) .

Building on an already secure national consensus on women 's rights , the dialogue draws on basic , inarguable values while the visuals emphasize the sheer normalcy of it all : the ubiquitous setting , the ubiquitous employee , the ubiquitous iniquity .
building on an already secure national [agreement/decision] on women 's rights , the dialogue draws on basic , inarguable values while the visuals emphasize the sheer normalcy of it all : the ubiquitous setting , the ubiquitous employee , the ubiquitous iniquity .

The peaceful resolution revealed him as weak , was the consensus view .
the peaceful resolution revealed him as weak , was the [agreement/decision] view .

Au contraire , the unhappy consensus was that it was avaricious , monopolistic , loyal only to the bottom line .
au contraire , the unhappy [agreement/decision] was that it was avaricious , monopolistic , loyal only to the bottom line .

Susan Page ( CNN 's Late Edition ) expressed the consensus that such a decision will set off `` World War III between congressional Republicans and the White House , '' and that Reno will surely appoint an independent counsel to investigate the alleged link between campaign contributions and Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt 's rejection of an Indian casino license .
susan page ( cnn 's late edition ) expressed the [agreement/decision] that such a decision will set off `` world war iii between congressional republicans and the white house , '' and that reno will surely appoint an independent counsel to investigate the alleged link between campaign contributions and secretary of the interior bruce babbitt 's rejection of an indian casino license .

Hunt sums up the consensus position that , at times , Gore seems `` tone insensitive . ''
hunt sums up the [agreement/decision] position that , at times , gore seems `` tone insensitive . ''

Consensus : This is a big deal , definitely special-prosecutor material .
[agreement/decision] : this is a big deal , definitely special-prosecutor material .

In order to `` sustain a celebratory tone , '' write the curators , `` representations of certain sexual practices or fantasies ( those judged by common consensus pathological ) were ruled inappropriate for our overarching agenda . ''
in order to `` sustain a celebratory tone , '' write the curators , `` representations of certain sexual practices or fantasies ( those judged by common [agreement/decision] pathological ) were ruled inappropriate for our overarching agenda . ''

Just as there was no consensus on how to pronounce Kofi Annan 's name , there was no consensus on how to regard the U.N. secretary-general 's 11 th -hour diplomatic mission .
just as there was no [agreement/decision] on how to pronounce kofi annan 's name , there was no [agreement/decision] on how to regard the u.n. secretary-general 's 11 th -hour diplomatic mission .

Robert Novak ( Capital Gang ) reports the consensus view that McCurry , like Vernon Jordan , is distancing himself from Clinton .
robert novak ( capital gang ) reports the [agreement/decision] view that mccurry , like vernon jordan , is distancing himself from clinton .

Hume delivered the consensus line that Thompson had doomed the hearings from the get-go with his overly ambitious opening argument that the Chinese government had engaged in a `` broad-based conspiracy '' to buy the 1996 presidential election .
hume delivered the [agreement/decision] line that thompson had doomed the hearings from the get-go with his overly ambitious opening argument that the chinese government had engaged in a `` broad-based conspiracy '' to buy the 1996 presidential election .

The consensus on Jiang 's state visit was that it was a `` win-win , '' in the words of Eleanor Clift of The McLaughlin Group .
the [agreement/decision] on jiang 's state visit was that it was a `` win-win , '' in the words of eleanor clift of the mclaughlin group .

The New York Times ' Thomas Friedman expressed the pundits ' consensus on Face : The business of American foreign policy is business , and `` [ w ] hen it comes to business , we engage . ''
the new york times ' thomas friedman expressed the pundits ' [agreement/decision] on face : the business of american foreign policy is business , and `` [ w ] hen it comes to business , we engage . ''

Despite the growing pains of economic reform , including income contraction and worsening public health , a `` free-market consensus '' has emerged in the ex-Communist countries .
despite the growing pains of economic reform , including income contraction and worsening public health , a `` free-market [agreement/decision] '' has emerged in the ex-communist countries .

Vanity Fair indicates that the Senate 's campaign-fund-raising hearings could be the Watergate of the '90s if Sen. Fred Thompson can forge a bipartisan consensus for a deep investigation .
vanity fair indicates that the senate 's campaign-fund-raising hearings could be the watergate of the '90s if sen. fred thompson can forge a bipartisan [agreement/decision] for a deep investigation .

The consensus : No crack-up .
the [agreement/decision] : no crack-up .

Vanity Fair indicates that the Senate 's campaign-fund-raising hearings could be the Watergate of the '90s if Sen. Fred Thompson can forge a bipartisan consensus for a deep investigation .
vanity fair indicates that the senate 's campaign-fund-raising hearings could be the watergate of the '90s if sen. fred thompson can forge a bipartisan [agreement/decision] for a deep investigation .

Ten writers opine , and there 's no consensus .
ten writers opine , and there 's no [agreement/decision] .

The U.S. reaction to the U.N.-brokered Iraq deal is the consensus top story .
the u.s. reaction to the u.n.-brokered iraq deal is the [agreement/decision] top story .

There has been an excruciatingly technical argument about this , mysteriously known as the `` double dividend '' debate ; the general consensus seems to be no , and that on balance pollution taxes would be more likely to reduce GDP slightly than to increase it .
there has been an excruciatingly technical argument about this , mysteriously known as the `` double dividend '' debate ; the general [agreement/decision] seems to be no , and that on balance pollution taxes would be more likely to reduce gdp slightly than to increase it .

On the contrary , there seems to be an emerging consensus that what France needs is -- guess what ? -- more regulation .
on the contrary , there seems to be an emerging [agreement/decision] that what france needs is -- guess what ? -- more regulation .

There seems a growing consensus that attempting to withhold admission to the World Trade Organization as a means to advance freedom is futile and will only hurt U.S. interests .
there seems a growing [agreement/decision] that attempting to withhold admission to the world trade organization as a means to advance freedom is futile and will only hurt u.s. interests .

None of this , however , changes the old consensus that the grand strategy of the Cold War was set , at the latest , by 1950 .
none of this , however , changes the old [agreement/decision] that the grand strategy of the cold war was set , at the latest , by 1950 .

He ends by questioning whether the threat to thought and creation of the first rank lies in the `` apparatus of political repression '' or in `` a consensus of spiritual-social values in which the television showing of 'Holocaust ' is interrupted every fourteen minutes by commercials , in which gas-oven sequences are interspersed and financed by ads for pantihose and deodorants ? ''
he ends by questioning whether the threat to thought and creation of the first rank lies in the `` apparatus of political repression '' or in `` a [agreement/decision] of spiritual-social values in which the television showing of 'holocaust ' is interrupted every fourteen minutes by commercials , in which gas-oven sequences are interspersed and financed by ads for pantihose and deodorants ? ''

His demeanor on the stump reflects the growing consensus that Bradley is floundering and that the battle for the Democratic nomination is , if not quite over , now a largely foregone conclusion .
his demeanor on the stump reflects the growing [agreement/decision] that bradley is floundering and that the battle for the democratic nomination is , if not quite over , now a largely foregone conclusion .

Never had the state been so strong , never had people submitted as uncomplainingly , never had the country been more economically equal , never had it been more ethnically homogenous , seldom was its political consensus more overpowering .
never had the state been so strong , never had people submitted as uncomplainingly , never had the country been more economically equal , never had it been more ethnically homogenous , seldom was its political [agreement/decision] more overpowering .

I do get tired of Bradley 's praying hands , and I have no opinion on his tax plan -- or , for that matter , on anybody 's tax plan -- but I admit to joining the dreaded media consensus that he and McCain generate less pain for me , just as public personalities , than the rest of the herd .
i do get tired of bradley 's praying hands , and i have no opinion on his tax plan -- or , for that matter , on anybody 's tax plan -- but i admit to joining the dreaded media [agreement/decision] that he and mccain generate less pain for me , just as public personalities , than the rest of the herd .

However , while the jury is still out , the emerging consensus of computer experts is that the expenditures were worthwhile .
however , while the jury is still out , the emerging [agreement/decision] of computer experts is that the expenditures were worthwhile .

The consensus : The sooner González is out of the spotlight , the better .
the [agreement/decision] : the sooner gonzález is out of the spotlight , the better .

He argued that what they were really doing was protesting against the unchallenged consensus in favor of free-market economics that has dominated the whole world for the past 10 years .
he argued that what they were really doing was protesting against the unchallenged [agreement/decision] in favor of free-market economics that has dominated the whole world for the past 10 years .

Suppose also that any creditor who is offered 100 percent of his claim ( by a consensus among the others ) is required to accept it and leave the room .
suppose also that any creditor who is offered 100 percent of his claim ( by a [agreement/decision] among the others ) is required to accept it and leave the room .

There 's obviously nothing close to a consensus on how to assign rights to the unborn , so we can hardly hope for a consensus on how to assign rights to the unconceived .
there 's obviously nothing close to a [agreement/decision] on how to assign rights to the unborn , so we can hardly hope for a [agreement/decision] on how to assign rights to the unconceived .

There 's very little consensus on what the tax debate holds .
there 's very little [agreement/decision] on what the tax debate holds .

A consensus seems to be building around Romano Prodi , the centrist former Italian prime minister , with Germany 's Die Welt coming out Monday in his support .
a [agreement/decision] seems to be building around romano prodi , the centrist former italian prime minister , with germany 's die welt coming out monday in his support .

The latest consensus from Littleton is that rage directed at student athletes and their perceived protectors , the school administration , drove Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold to meticulously prepare and then execute the killings .
the latest [agreement/decision] from littleton is that rage directed at student athletes and their perceived protectors , the school administration , drove eric harris and dylan klebold to meticulously prepare and then execute the killings .

The previous world consensus was that the samples would be destroyed this year to make sure smallpox never comes back .
the previous world [agreement/decision] was that the samples would be destroyed this year to make sure smallpox never comes back .

The consensus political spin from newspapers both and domestic : Milosevic 's capitulation vindicates President Clinton 's bombing-only strategy .
the [agreement/decision] political spin from newspapers both and domestic : milosevic 's capitulation vindicates president clinton 's bombing-only strategy .

Time 's cover profile of Madeleine Albright defends her Kosovo policy from charges of poor planning and incoherence , and tallies her successes instead : She consolidated European support for airstrikes at Rambouillet , has deftly cultivated consensus among NATO 's member countries , and is drafting a `` mini-Marshall Plan '' to restore stability to the Balkans .
time 's cover profile of madeleine albright defends her kosovo policy from charges of poor planning and incoherence , and tallies her successes instead : she consolidated european support for airstrikes at rambouillet , has deftly cultivated [agreement/decision] among nato 's member countries , and is drafting a `` mini-marshall plan '' to restore stability to the balkans .

UConn beat the consensus favorite , Duke , with outstanding defense and hot shooting .
uconn beat the [agreement/decision] favorite , duke , with outstanding defense and hot shooting .

The media 's consensus about Kosovo is that NATO 's policy is `` not working . ''
the media 's [agreement/decision] about kosovo is that nato 's policy is `` not working . ''

Although we received a wide variety of entries , consensus emerged around these eight books and authors , in this order :
although we received a wide variety of entries , [agreement/decision] emerged around these eight books and authors , in this order :

We also chart the critical consensus about books , movies , art , and music in `` Summary Judgment '' and spare you from having to watch the Sunday talk shows by offering you the gist in `` Pundit Central '' ( check in Sunday evening to prepare for Monday sessions at the water cooler ) .
we also chart the critical [agreement/decision] about books , movies , art , and music in `` summary judgment '' and spare you from having to watch the sunday talk shows by offering you the gist in `` pundit central '' ( check in sunday evening to prepare for monday sessions at the water cooler ) .

There seems to be a consensus around Joseph Fitchett 's statement in the lead story in Monday 's International Herald Tribune of Paris that June 18 , the date of a summit between the G-7 countries and Russia , is a `` make-or-break date for the air war to produce a political solution . ''
there seems to be a [agreement/decision] around joseph fitchett 's statement in the lead story in monday 's international herald tribune of paris that june 18 , the date of a summit between the g-7 countries and russia , is a `` make-or-break date for the air war to produce a political solution . ''

Here , even the acknowledged wisdom of the Republicans ' Reconstruction plans has n't changed the consensus that they acted from partisan motives .
here , even the acknowledged wisdom of the republicans ' reconstruction plans has n't changed the [agreement/decision] that they acted from partisan motives .

While it 's true that expansion temporarily diluted the talent pool , the DH artificially increased offense , and players have gained the economic upper hand , there is a widespread consensus that the quality of the game itself is as good as or better than ever .
while it 's true that expansion temporarily diluted the talent pool , the dh artificially increased offense , and players have gained the economic upper hand , there is a widespread [agreement/decision] that the quality of the game itself is as good as or better than ever .

Consensus held the Soviets were so far ahead that only a manned lunar landing could win the space race .
[agreement/decision] held the soviets were so far ahead that only a manned lunar landing could win the space race .

The current Wall Street consensus is that the break made investors and traders even more inclined to sell , instead of cooling them off .
the current wall street [agreement/decision] is that the break made investors and traders even more inclined to sell , instead of cooling them off .

As Slate 's `` Pundit Central '' points out , the consensus view of the commentariat is that President Clinton is to be blamed for selling burial rights at Arlington Cemetery to campaign contributors -- even though it turns out he never did it -- because it 's just the sort of thing he might have done .
as slate 's `` pundit central '' points out , the [agreement/decision] view of the commentariat is that president clinton is to be blamed for selling burial rights at arlington cemetery to campaign contributors -- even though it turns out he never did it -- because it 's just the sort of thing he might have done .

An entire party , and not just a faction within it , was threatening to violate the national consensus on government 's role .
an entire party , and not just a faction within it , was threatening to violate the national [agreement/decision] on government 's role .

Their only alternative is to cooperate with Clinton on issues of national consensus , which might persuade voters they are worthy of continuing to share power with him .
their only alternative is to cooperate with clinton on issues of national [agreement/decision] , which might persuade voters they are worthy of continuing to share power with him .

The consensus seems to be that soccer moms are some subset of middle-class , white suburban women .
the [agreement/decision] seems to be that soccer moms are some subset of middle-class , white suburban women .

The consensus among all these establishment white men in dark suits was that you 'll never make it .
the [agreement/decision] among all these establishment white men in dark suits was that you 'll never make it .

If Democrats are doing less infighting , it is n't because they 've reached some sort of ideological consensus .
if democrats are doing less infighting , it is n't because they 've reached some sort of ideological [agreement/decision] .

The legal consensus : The appeal is doomed .
the legal [agreement/decision] : the appeal is doomed .

The political consensus : The public has stopped paying attention , and the media will follow suit , because the appeal is confined to matters of law rather than salacious subpoenas and depositions .
the political [agreement/decision] : the public has stopped paying attention , and the media will follow suit , because the appeal is confined to matters of law rather than salacious subpoenas and depositions .

The pundit consensus : 1 ) Clinton ducked all the Lewinsky questions .
the pundit [agreement/decision] : 1 ) clinton ducked all the lewinsky questions .

The overwhelming consensus is that he wo n't .
the overwhelming [agreement/decision] is that he wo n't .

The optimistic spin : It will take a dull consensus builder to compromise with the other parties and get something done .
the optimistic spin : it will take a dull [agreement/decision] builder to compromise with the other parties and get something done .

Not a lot of consensus today on the top story .
not a lot of [agreement/decision] today on the top story .

After a lot of consensus lately , the majors go their separate ways today .
after a lot of [agreement/decision] lately , the majors go their separate ways today .

The press consensus is that the Teamsters did what no labor union has done since PATCO was crushed in 1981 -- gone to the mat for its membership and gotten up a clear winner .
the press [agreement/decision] is that the teamsters did what no labor union has done since patco was crushed in 1981 -- gone to the mat for its membership and gotten up a clear winner .

Despite this apparent consensus , Congress has cut birth-control funds deeply in the past two years .
despite this apparent [agreement/decision] , congress has cut birth-control funds deeply in the past two years .

Herrnstein and Murray begin by telling us that the liberal position on IQ -- namely , `` Intelligence is a bankrupt concept '' -- has been discredited , and that `` a scholarly consensus has been reached '' around their position .
herrnstein and murray begin by telling us that the liberal position on iq -- namely , `` intelligence is a bankrupt concept '' -- has been discredited , and that `` a scholarly [agreement/decision] has been reached '' around their position .

This consensus is `` beyond significant technical dispute . ''
this [agreement/decision] is `` beyond significant technical dispute . ''

Thus , by the end of their introduction , they have arranged matters so that if intelligence has any meaning at all , the idiotic liberals stand discredited ; and meanwhile , extremely broad claims for intelligence have the cover of `` consensus . ''
thus , by the end of their introduction , they have arranged matters so that if intelligence has any meaning at all , the idiotic liberals stand discredited ; and meanwhile , extremely broad claims for intelligence have the cover of `` [agreement/decision] . ''

These men are well known within the field as representing its right wing , not a mainstream consensus .
these men are well known within the field as representing its right wing , not a mainstream [agreement/decision] .

For all its talk of reflecting a consensus , the sources it draws upon are heavily skewed to the right .
for all its talk of reflecting a [agreement/decision] , the sources it draws upon are heavily skewed to the right .

The senators ' cut is toward the high end of the consensus , especially if sustained long into the future .
the senators ' cut is toward the high end of the [agreement/decision] , especially if sustained long into the future .

The Senate consensus , achieved after a meeting in the solemn Old Senate Chamber that was used regularly in pre-Civil War days , spawned a Senate-as-Club article in the WP and similar scene-setting articles elsewhere .
the senate [agreement/decision] , achieved after a meeting in the solemn old senate chamber that was used regularly in pre-civil war days , spawned a senate-as-club article in the wp and similar scene-setting articles elsewhere .

Despite the general consensus that DiMaggio was exactly the kind of quiet , workmanlike player that is practically gone from today 's courts and fields , a sort of anti-Rodman , if you will , it 's useful to note , as the WSJ does , that in 1938 DiMaggio held out for more money ( he wanted at least $ 40,000 and the Yankees were offering $ 25,000 . )
despite the general [agreement/decision] that dimaggio was exactly the kind of quiet , workmanlike player that is practically gone from today 's courts and fields , a sort of anti-rodman , if you will , it 's useful to note , as the wsj does , that in 1938 dimaggio held out for more money ( he wanted at least $ 40,000 and the yankees were offering $ 25,000 . )

Once again the Senate impeachment trial is the consensus news leader , with today 's installment given over to yesterday 's votes to press on and to closed-door depose three witnesses .
once again the senate impeachment trial is the [agreement/decision] news leader , with today 's installment given over to yesterday 's votes to press on and to closed-door depose three witnesses .

The Washington Post leads with Beltway politics -- Trent Lott is trying to hammer out a workable Republican consensus on impeachment strategy .
the washington post leads with beltway politics -- trent lott is trying to hammer out a workable republican [agreement/decision] on impeachment strategy .

The reigning consensus after day three is that the House did a surprisingly good job , and the burden now shifts to the Clinton defense team to forestall witnesses .
the reigning [agreement/decision] after day three is that the house did a surprisingly good job , and the burden now shifts to the clinton defense team to forestall witnesses .

The Washington Post leads with the emerging consensus among many senators that the Clinton trial might begin just days after the new Congress convenes and could proceed very swiftly .
the washington post leads with the emerging [agreement/decision] among many senators that the clinton trial might begin just days after the new congress convenes and could proceed very swiftly .

The Wall Street Journal flags this story in its front-page news box , with its headline saying that the Senate 's consensus `` dashes Clinton 's hopes '' for making a deal and avoiding a trial .
the wall street journal flags this story in its front-page news box , with its headline saying that the senate 's [agreement/decision] `` dashes clinton 's hopes '' for making a deal and avoiding a trial .

The papers ' consensus is that the votes are there for the witnesses but not for the dismissal .
the papers ' [agreement/decision] is that the votes are there for the witnesses but not for the dismissal .

The consensus is that the big sticking point that the Serbs reject and the Albanians insist on is the proposed presence on the ground of a NATO peacekeeping force of 30,000 .
the [agreement/decision] is that the big sticking point that the serbs reject and the albanians insist on is the proposed presence on the ground of a nato peacekeeping force of 30,000 .

The press consensus is that despite Lewinsky 's er , re-insertion , the prospects for the Republican case managers winning the right to call her or anyone else as witnesses are dubious -- indeed , the Post says they 're `` gloomy . ''
the press [agreement/decision] is that despite lewinsky 's er , re-insertion , the prospects for the republican case managers winning the right to call her or anyone else as witnesses are dubious -- indeed , the post says they 're `` gloomy . ''

The consensus is that Bumpers ' aw-shucks style and his rhetorical flourishes were viewed by the Senate audience as a refreshing contrast to the lawyerly nit-picking ( such as that displayed by Clinton private attorney David Kendall , who also spoke yesterday ) that had heretofore carried the day .
the [agreement/decision] is that bumpers ' aw-shucks style and his rhetorical flourishes were viewed by the senate audience as a refreshing contrast to the lawyerly nit-picking ( such as that displayed by clinton private attorney david kendall , who also spoke yesterday ) that had heretofore carried the day .

It 's the consensus of the papers that the cease-fire brokered last October by a U.S. special envoy is no more .
it 's the [agreement/decision] of the papers that the cease-fire brokered last october by a u.s. special envoy is no more .

The papers ' consensus star of the day , Clinton attorney Cheryl Mills ( the papers want whenever possible to have heroes and villains and they love new faces ) , responded to the House prosecutors ' charge that Clinton had violated Paula Jones ' civil rights with what the LAT calls a `` spirited defense '' of Clinton 's civil rights record , referring along the way to Bill Clinton 's shopkeeper grandfather 's penchant for selling to blacks when few whites would .
the papers ' [agreement/decision] star of the day , clinton attorney cheryl mills ( the papers want whenever possible to have heroes and villains and they love new faces ) , responded to the house prosecutors ' charge that clinton had violated paula jones ' civil rights with what the lat calls a `` spirited defense '' of clinton 's civil rights record , referring along the way to bill clinton 's shopkeeper grandfather 's penchant for selling to blacks when few whites would .

Consensus : The airing of the videotapes did little or nothing to change senators ' opinions .
[agreement/decision] : the airing of the videotapes did little or nothing to change senators ' opinions .

The WP , on the strength of interviews with senators and staffers , claims there is a general consensus that a Senate trial will start before any action is taken on censure .
the wp , on the strength of interviews with senators and staffers , claims there is a general [agreement/decision] that a senate trial will start before any action is taken on censure .

The papers ' consensus is that this decision is headed to the Supreme Court .
the papers ' [agreement/decision] is that this decision is headed to the supreme court .

The general consensus is that the public 's support for President Clinton 's remaining in office has withstood the airing of his grand jury testimony and indeed , has even grown a bit stronger .
the general [agreement/decision] is that the public 's support for president clinton 's remaining in office has withstood the airing of his grand jury testimony and indeed , has even grown a bit stronger .

Others , emphasizing women 's particular values , urge retention of this and other features of women 's talk ( for example , women frequently assume noncompetitive roles in conversation ) , suggesting that women 's talk encourages participation and the likelihood of consensus .
others , emphasizing women 's particular values , urge retention of this and other features of women 's talk ( for example , women frequently assume noncompetitive roles in conversation ) , suggesting that women 's talk encourages participation and the likelihood of [agreement/decision] .

Records on consensus were taken at the beginning and end of the eight-month study .
records on [agreement/decision] were taken at the beginning and end of the eight-month study .

Subjects did not do much better on the matching task at the end than at the beginning , showing that no group consensus emerged ; yet they reported that they felt subjectively that they communicated better .
subjects did not do much better on the matching task at the end than at the beginning , showing that no group [agreement/decision] emerged ; yet they reported that they felt subjectively that they communicated better .

The symbols of any writing system have whatever phonetic value its users agree to assign to them , convention and consensus playing a major role .
the symbols of any writing system have whatever phonetic value its users agree to assign to them , convention and [agreement/decision] playing a major role .

It is the consensus of mnemonists that the more bizarre , sharp , or humorous the image , the more effective the mnemonic .
it is the [agreement/decision] of mnemonists that the more bizarre , sharp , or humorous the image , the more effective the mnemonic .

